<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_217346_0000217346-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17681643</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>258522</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2772320</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5714227</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4690561</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3966547</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000217346-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216095901
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000217346-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TEXTRON INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000217346
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT & PARTS [3720]
		IRS NUMBER:				050315468
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05480
		FILM NUMBER:		23637386

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 WESTMINSTER ST
		CITY:			PROVIDENCE
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02903
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4014212800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 WESTMINSTER ST
		CITY:			PROVIDENCE
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02903

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN TEXTRON INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710510

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000217346-23-000006.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 txt-20221231.htm
 10-K

txt-20221231 

Table of Content s 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 ______________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act . Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 
 
 x 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates at July 2, 2022 was approximately billion based on the New York Stock Exchange closing price for such shares on that date. The registrant has no non-voting common equity. 
 At February 4, 2023, shares of Common Stock were outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 

 Textron Inc. 
 Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 17 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 69 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 69 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 71 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 71 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 71 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 71 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 71 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 71 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 72 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 75 
 Signatures 
 76 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Textron Inc. is a multi-industry company that leverages its global network of aircraft, defense, industrial and finance businesses to provide customers with innovative products and services around the world. References to Textron Inc., the Company, we, our and us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise indicated, refer to Textron Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 We conduct our business through six operating segments: Textron Aviation, Bell, Textron Systems, Industrial and Textron eAviation, which represent our manufacturing businesses, and Finance, which represents our captive finance business. Our segments include operations that are unincorporated divisions of Textron Inc. and others that are separately incorporated subsidiaries. Total revenues by segment and customer type for 2022 are presented below. 
 
 The following description of our business and operating segments should be read in conjunction with Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Textron Aviation Segment 
 Textron Aviation is a leader in general aviation. Textron Aviation manufactures, sells and services Beechcraft and Cessna aircraft, and services the Hawker brand of business jets. The segment has two principal product lines: aircraft and aftermarket parts and services. Aircraft includes sales of business jets, turboprop aircraft, military trainer and defense aircraft and piston engine aircraft. Aftermarket parts and services includes commercial parts sales and maintenance, inspection and repair services. Textron Aviation markets its products worldwide through its own sales force, as well as through a network of authorized independent sales representatives. 
 The family of jets currently offered by Textron Aviation includes the Citation M2 Gen2, Citation CJ3+, Citation CJ4 Gen2, Citation XLS Gen2, Citation Latitude and the Citation Longitude. Textron Aviation s turboprop aircraft include the Beechcraft King Air 260, King Air 360ER and King Air 360, and the Cessna Caravan, Grand Caravan EX and SkyCourier, which was certified in March 2022. In addition, Textron Aviation s military trainer and defense aircraft include the T-6 trainer, which has been used to train pilots from more than 20 countries, and the AT-6 light attack military aircraft, which achieved military type certification from the U.S. Air Force in July 2022, enabling international sales of the aircraft. Textron Aviation also offers piston engine aircraft including the Beechcraft Baron G58 and Bonanza G36, and the Cessna Skyhawk, Skylane, Turbo Skylane, and Turbo Stationair HD. 
 In support of its family of aircraft, Textron Aviation operates a global network of more than 20 service centers, two of which are co-located with Bell, along with more than 300 authorized independent service centers located throughout the world. Textron Aviation-owned service centers provide customers with 24-hour service and maintenance. Textron Aviation also provides its customers with around-the-clock parts support and offers a mobile support program with over 70 mobile service units. In addition, Able Aerospace Services, Inc., a subsidiary of Textron Aviation, provides component and maintenance, repair and overhaul services in support of commercial and military fixed- and rotor-wing aircraft. 
 Product Development Programs 
 Textron Aviation is developing the Denali, a high-performance single engine turboprop aircraft that will be powered by an engine expected to be up to 20 more efficient than similarly sized engines. The Denali achieved its first flight in November 2021 and is currently in the flight testing process. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Bell Segment 
 Bell is one of the leading suppliers of military and commercial helicopters, tiltrotor aircraft, and related spare parts and services in the world. 
 Bell supplies advanced military helicopters and provides parts and support services to the U.S. Government and to military customers outside the United States. Bell s primary U.S. Government programs are for the production and support of V-22 tiltrotor aircraft, primarily for the U.S. Department of Defense, and H-1 helicopters for the U.S. Marine Corps. Bell is one of the leading suppliers of helicopters to the U.S. Government and, in association with The Boeing Company, the only supplier of military tiltrotor aircraft. Tiltrotor aircraft are designed to provide the benefits of both helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft. The H-1 helicopter program includes a utility model, the UH-1Y, and an advanced attack model, the AH-1Z, which have 84 parts commonality between them. Under the U.S. Government-sponsored foreign military sales program, Bell offers its V-22 tiltrotor aircraft and H-1 helicopter products for sale to other countries. 
 Through its commercial business, Bell is a leading supplier of commercially certified helicopters and support to corporate, private, law enforcement, utility, public safety and emergency medical helicopter operators, and U.S. and foreign governments. Bell produces a variety of commercial aircraft types, including light single- and twin-engine helicopters and medium twin-engine helicopters, along with other related products. The commercial helicopters currently offered by Bell include the 429, 407GXi, 412EPX, 412EPI, 505 Jet Ranger X and Huey II. 
 For both its military programs and its commercial products, Bell provides post-sale support and service for an installed base of approximately 13,000 helicopters through a network of eight Company-operated service centers, four global parts distribution centers and approximately 85 independent service centers located in approximately 35 countries. Collectively, these service sites offer a complete range of logistics support, including parts, support equipment, technical data, training devices, pilot and maintenance training, component repair and overhaul, engine repair and overhaul, aircraft modifications, aircraft customizing, accessory manufacturing, contractor maintenance, field service and product support engineering. 
 Product Development Programs 
 Bell is developing the V-280 Valor, a next generation vertical lift aircraft for the Future Long Range Assault Aircraft (FLRAA) program, which is part of the U.S. Army s Future Vertical Lift (FVL) initiative. The V-280 achieved its first flight in December 2017, conducted over 200 hours of flight testing, and has demonstrated all key performance objectives established by the U.S. Army, including flying in excess of 300 knots airspeed. After an extended competitive process, in December 2022, Bell was awarded the development contract for the next stage of the FLRAA program. A competitor has filed a protest with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) regarding the award of the FLRAA contract to Bell, and a stop-work order has been issued pending resolution of the protest. We expect the GAO to issue its decision on the protest by April 7, 2023. 
 Bell is developing a new rotorcraft, the Bell 360 Invictus, for the U.S. Army's Future Attack Reconnaissance Aircraft (FARA) Competitive Prototype Program, which is also part of the U.S. government's FVL initiative. The FARA program was initiated by the U.S. Army to develop a successor to the retired Bell OH-58D Kiowa Warrior helicopter. In March 2020, the U.S. Army selected the 360 Invictus to move to the second phase of the Competitive Prototype Program. Bell continues to progress on its development of the 360 Invictus Prototype under this phase. 
 Bell s first super medium commercial helicopter, the 525 Relentless, is currently in the certification process with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). 
 Textron Systems Segment 
 The businesses in our Textron Systems segment develop and integrate a variety of products and services for U.S. and international military, government and commercial customers to support defense, homeland security, aerospace, infrastructure protection and other customer missions. Product and service offerings of this segment include unmanned aircraft systems, electronic systems and solutions, advanced marine craft, piston aircraft engines, live military air-to-air and air-to-ship training, weapons and related components, and armored and specialty vehicles. 
 Notable products developed and produced by the Textron Systems segment include the Shadow, the U.S. Army's premier tactical unmanned aircraft system; the Aerosonde Small Unmanned Aircraft System, a multi-mission capable unmanned aircraft system for commercial and military operations; the U.S. Navy's next generation Landing Craft Air Cushion, developed as part of the Ship-to-Shore Connector program; and piston aircraft engines under the Lycoming brand. Notable service offerings of the segment include fee-for-service programs using unmanned aircraft systems and live military air-to-air and air-to-ship training and support services for U.S. Navy, Marine and Air Force personnel provided by Airborne Tactical Advantage Company. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial Segment 
 Our Industrial segment designs and manufactures a variety of products within the Fuel Systems and Functional Components and Specialized Vehicles product lines. 
 Our Fuel Systems and Functional Components product line is produced by our Kautex business unit which is headquartered in Bonn, Germany. Kautex is a leader in designing and manufacturing plastic fuel systems for automobiles and light trucks, including blow-molded solutions for conventional plastic fuel tanks and pressurized plastic fuel tanks for hybrid vehicle applications. Kautex also develops and manufactures clear-vision systems for automotive safety and advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS). Our cleaning systems are comprised of nozzles, reservoirs, inlets and pumps to support onboard cleaning for windscreens, headlamps and ADAS cameras and sensors. In addition, Kautex produces plastic tanks for selective catalytic reduction systems used to reduce emissions from diesel engines, and other fuel system components. Kautex has also developed and begun to market the Pentatonic battery system, a customizable, lightweight battery housing with thermal management capabilities, comprised of either thermoplastic composite or composite metal hybrid, for use in electric vehicles, from hybrid to full battery-powered. 
 Kautex s business model is focused on developing and maintaining long-term customer relationships with leading global original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). Kautex operates over 30 plants in 13 countries in close proximity to its customers, along with 9 engineering/research and development locations around the world. 
 Our Specialized Vehicles product line includes products sold by the Textron Specialized Vehicles businesses under our E-Z-GO, Arctic Cat, TUG Technologies, Douglas Equipment, Premier, Safeaero, Ransomes, Jacobsen and Cushman brands. These businesses design, manufacture and sell golf cars, off-road utility vehicles, recreational side-by-side and all-terrain vehicles, snowmobiles, light transportation vehicles, aviation ground support equipment and professional turf-maintenance equipment, as well as specialized turf-care vehicles. A significant portion of the products sold by these businesses are powered with lithium batteries, greatly reducing the products impact on the environment. 
 The diversified customer base for the Specialized Vehicles product line includes golf courses and resorts, government agencies and municipalities, consumers, outdoor enthusiasts, and commercial and industrial users such as factories, warehouses, airlines, planned communities, hunting preserves, educational and corporate campuses, sporting venues and landscaping professionals. Sales are made through a network of independent distributors and dealers worldwide and the Bass Pro Shops and Cabela's retail outlets, which sell our products under the Tracker Off Road brand, as well as factory direct resources. In addition, we also manufacture products for OEMs for resale to customers under the OEM s branding. 
 Textron eAviation Segment 
 Textron eAviation was formed in the second quarter of 2022 following our acquisition of Pipistrel, a manufacturer of electrically powered aircraft, on April 15, 2022. Pipistrel offers a family of light aircraft and gliders with both electric and combustion engines. Pipistrel s Velis Electro is the world s first, and currently only, electric aircraft to receive full type certification from the European Union Aviation Safety Agency and, in 2022, it earned UK Civil Aviation Authority type certification. The Textron eAviation segment includes Pipistrel along with other research and development initiatives related to sustainable aviation solutions. 
 Finance Segment 
 Our Finance segment, or the Finance group, is a commercial finance business that consists of Textron Financial Corporation (TFC) and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Finance segment provides financing primarily to purchasers of new and pre-owned Textron Aviation aircraft and Bell helicopters. A substantial number of the originations in our finance receivable portfolio are cross-border transactions for aircraft sold outside of the U.S. In 2022 and 2021, our Finance group paid our Manufacturing group 92 million and 100 million, respectively, related to the sale of Textron-manufactured products to third parties that were financed by the Finance group. 
 Our Finance segment s largest business risk is the collectability of its finance receivable portfolio. See Finance Segment section in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for information about the Finance segment s credit performance. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Backlog 
 Backlog represents amounts allocated to contracts that we expect to recognize as revenue in future periods when we perform under the contracts. Backlog excludes unexercised contract options and potential orders under ordering-type contracts, such as Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity contracts. 
 Our backlog at the end of 2022 and 2021 is summarized below: 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Textron Aviation 6,387 4,120 Bell 4,781 3,871 Textron Systems 2,098 2,144 Total backlog 13,266 10,135 
 U.S. Government Contracts and Other Governmental Regulation 
 Our operations, products and services are subject to various government regulations, including regulations related to U.S. government business, international regulation of aviation products and services, and environmental regulations. 
 Contracts with the U.S. Government, including contracts under the U.S. Government-sponsored foreign military sales program, generated approximately 22 of our consolidated revenues in 2022, primarily in our Bell and Textron Systems segments. We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts. These laws and regulations, among other things, require certification and disclosure of all cost and pricing data in connection with contract negotiation; define allowable and unallowable costs and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based U.S. Government contracts; and safeguard and restrict the use and dissemination of classified and covered defense information and the export of certain products and technical data. New laws, regulations or procurement requirements, or changes to current ones, can significantly increase our costs, reducing our profitability. 
 Our contracts with the U.S. Government generally may be terminated by the U.S. Government for convenience or if we default in whole or in part by failing to perform under the terms of the applicable contract. If the U.S. Government terminates a contract for convenience, we normally will be entitled to payment for the cost of contract work performed before the effective date of termination, including, if applicable, reasonable profit on such work, as well as reasonable termination costs. If, however, the U.S. Government terminates a contract for default, generally: (a) we will be paid the contract price for completed supplies delivered and accepted and services rendered, an agreed-upon amount for manufacturing materials delivered and accepted and for the protection and preservation of property, and an amount for partially completed products accepted by the U.S. Government; (b) the U.S. Government may not be liable for our costs with respect to unaccepted items and may be entitled to repayment of advance payments and progress payments related to the terminated portions of the contract; (c) the U.S. Government may not be liable for assets we own and utilize to provide services under the fee-for-service contracts; and (d) we may be liable for excess costs incurred by the U.S. Government in procuring undelivered items from another source. See Aerospace and Defense Industry section in Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information related to regulation of U.S. Government business. 
 Our commercial aircraft manufacturing businesses are regulated by the FAA in the U.S. and by similar aviation regulatory governing authorities internationally, including, the European Aviation Safety Agency. Maintenance facilities and aftermarket services must also comply with FAA and international regulations. These regulations address production and quality systems, airworthiness and installation approvals, repair procedures and continuing operational safety. For an aircraft to be manufactured and sold, the model must receive a type certificate from the appropriate aviation authority, and each aircraft must receive a certificate of airworthiness. Aircraft outfitting and completions also require approval by the appropriate aviation authority. See Strategic Risks section in Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information with respect to risks related to obtaining certification of new aircraft products. 
 Our operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect the environment. For additional information regarding environmental matters, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and Business and Operational Risks and Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal and Other Matters sections in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Based on current information and the applicable laws and regulations currently in effect, compliance with government regulations, including environmental regulations, has not had, and we do not expect it to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. However, laws and regulations may be changed or adopted that impose additional compliance requirements which could necessitate capital expenditures or otherwise increase our costs of doing business, reducing our profitability and negatively impacting our operating results. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 34,000 employees worldwide, with approximately 80 located in the U.S. and the remainder located outside of the U.S. Approximately 7,300, or 27 , of our U.S. employees, most of whom work for our Bell and Textron Aviation segments, are represented by unions under collective bargaining agreements, and certain of our non-U.S. employees are represented by organized works councils. From time to time our collective bargaining agreements expire. Historically, we have been successful in negotiating renewals to expiring agreements without any material disruption of operating activities, and management considers employee relations to be good. 
 Our success is highly dependent upon our ability to hire and retain a workforce with the skills necessary for our businesses to develop and manufacture the products desired by our customers. We need highly skilled personnel in multiple areas including, among others, engineering, manufacturing, information technology, cybersecurity, flight operations, business development and strategy and management. In order to attract and retain highly skilled employees, we are committed to ensuring a safe and healthy work environment, offering comprehensive compensation and benefit programs, creating great career opportunities and building an engaging, inclusive environment where all employees are treated with dignity and respect. 
 Health and Safety 
 To maintain and enhance the safety of our employees, we promote a culture of continuous improvement and individual accountability to provide safe workplaces. We use an annual goal setting process to drive injury rate improvements, and the injury rate reduction goal is a performance metric that is tracked and reported to senior leadership and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 The health and safety of our employees has been a priority throughout the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our enterprise-wide pandemic response teams, formed early in the pandemic, guided our operations in the processes and procedures to comply with applicable government-imposed health and safety-related operating restrictions, to enhance the safety of our facilities to protect the health of our employees and to monitor trends. During 2022, these teams continued to operate as needed, updating response actions as government guidance and orders evolved, and we have continued to communicate with our employees as appropriate. 
 Talent and Career Development 
 Our talent development programs are designed to prepare our employees at all levels to take on new career and growth opportunities at Textron. Leadership, professional and functional training courses are tailored for employees at each stage of their careers and include a mix of enterprise-wide and business unit-specific programs. Textron University, an internal corporate function, provides (i) facilitated face-to-face professional and leadership development programs, (ii) web-based general and specialized functional and technical courses and (iii) an online portal to access advanced skills technical training, manage recertification of existing qualifications and other career planning tools and resources. 
 The current and future talent needs of each of our businesses are assessed annually through a formal talent review process which enables us to develop leadership succession plans and provide our employees with potential new career opportunities. In addition, leaders from functional areas within each business belong to enterprise-wide councils which conduct annual talent reviews. These processes enable us to fill talent needs by matching employees who are ready to assume significant leadership roles with opportunities that best fit their career path, which may be in other businesses within the enterprise. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 Textron is committed to having a diverse workforce and inclusive workplaces throughout our global operations. We believe by employing highly talented, diverse employees, who feel valued, respected and are able to contribute fully, we will improve performance, innovation, collaboration and talent retention, all of which contributes to stronger business results and reinforces our reputation as leaders in our industries and communities. 
 For over a decade, Textron has allocated five percent of annual incentive compensation for management-level employees toward achievement of diversity goals. Beginning in 2020, we focused these goals specifically on hiring diversity. To improve our outreach to diverse candidates, we have increased our recruiting efforts at historically black colleges and universities, enhanced our partnerships with diverse professional organizations and participated in diverse STEM conferences. In addition, we provide inclusion and unconscious bias training to our employees and recruiters to improve diversity in recruiting. 
 For discussion of certain risks relating to human capital management, see Risks Related to Human Capital section in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Patents and Trademarks 
 We own, or are licensed under, numerous patents throughout the world relating to products, services and methods of manufacturing. Patents developed while under contract with the U.S. Government may be subject to use by the U.S. Government. We also own or license active trademark registrations and pending trademark applications in the U.S. and in various foreign countries or regions, as well as trade names and service marks. While our intellectual property rights in the aggregate are important to the operation of our business, we do not believe that any existing patent, license, trademark or other intellectual property right is of such importance that its loss or termination would have a material adverse effect on our business taken as a whole. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning our executive officers as of February 16, 2023. 
 Name Age Current Position with Textron Inc. Scott C. Donnelly 61 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Frank T. Connor 63 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Julie G. Duffy 57 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer E. Robert Lupone 63 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
 Mr. Donnelly joined Textron in June 2008 as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer in January 2009. He was appointed to the Board of Directors in October 2009 and became Chief Executive Officer of Textron in December 2009. In July 2010, Mr. Donnelly was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors effective September 1, 2010. Previously, Mr. Donnelly was the President and CEO of General Electric Company s Aviation business unit, a position he had held since July 2005. GE s Aviation business unit is a leading maker of commercial and military jet engines and components, as well as integrated digital, electric power and mechanical systems for aircraft. Prior to July 2005, Mr. Donnelly served as Senior Vice President of GE Global Research, one of the world s largest and most diversified industrial research organizations with facilities in the U.S., India, China and Germany and held various other management positions since joining General Electric in 1989. 
 Mr. Connor joined Textron in August 2009 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Mr. Connor was head of Telecom Investment Banking at Goldman, Sachs Co. from 2003 to 2008. Prior to that position, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Telecom, Technology and Media Investment Banking at Goldman, Sachs Co. from 1998 to 2003. Mr. Connor joined the Corporate Finance Department of Goldman, Sachs Co. in 1986 and became a Vice President in 1990 and a Managing Director in 1996. 
 Ms. Duffy was named Executive Vice President, Human Resources in July 2017 and Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in April 2022. Ms. Duffy joined Textron in 1997 as a member of the corporate legal team and has since held positions of increasing responsibility within the Company s legal function, previously serving as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel-Litigation, a position she had held since 2011. In that role she was responsible for managing the corporate litigation staff with primary oversight of litigation throughout Textron. She has also played an active role in developing, implementing and standardizing human resources policies across the Company and served as the senior legal advisor on employment and benefits issues. 
 Mr. Lupone joined Textron in February 2012 as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer. Previously, he was senior vice president and general counsel of Siemens Corporation (U.S.) since 1999 and general counsel of Siemens AG for the Americas since 2008. Prior to joining Siemens in 1992, Mr. Lupone was vice president and general counsel of Price Communications Corporation. 
 Available Information 
 We make available free of charge on our Internet Web site (www.textron.com) our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Information 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other oral and written statements made by us from time to time are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements, which may describe strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters, or project revenues, income, returns or other financial measures, often include words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, estimate, guidance, project, target, potential, will, should, could, likely or may and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. In addition to those factors described herein under Risk Factors, among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from past and projected future results are the following: 
 Interruptions in the U.S. Government s ability to fund its activities and/or pay its obligations; 
 Changing priorities or reductions in the U.S. Government defense budget, including those related to military operations in foreign countries; 
 Our ability to perform as anticipated and to control costs under contracts with the U.S. Government; 
 The U.S. Government s ability to unilaterally modify or terminate its contracts with us for the U.S. Government s convenience or for our failure to perform, to change applicable procurement and accounting policies, or, under certain circumstances, to withhold payment or suspend or debar us as a contractor eligible to receive future contract awards; 
 Changes in foreign military funding priorities or budget constraints and determinations, or changes in government regulations or policies on the export and import of military and commercial products; 
 Volatility in the global economy or changes in worldwide political conditions that adversely impact demand for our products; 
 Volatility in interest rates or foreign exchange rates and inflationary pressures; 
 Risks related to our international business, including establishing and maintaining facilities in locations around the world and relying on joint venture partners, subcontractors, suppliers, representatives, consultants and other business partners in connection with international business, including in emerging market countries; 
 Our Finance segment s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality or to realize full value of receivables; 
 Performance issues with key suppliers or subcontractors; 
 Legislative or regulatory actions, both domestic and foreign, impacting our operations or demand for our products; 
 Our ability to control costs and successfully implement various cost-reduction activities; 
 The efficacy of research and development investments to develop new products or unanticipated expenses in connection with the launching of significant new products or programs; 
 The timing of our new product launches or certifications of our new aircraft products; 
 Our ability to keep pace with our competitors in the introduction of new products and upgrades with features and technologies desired by our customers; 
 Pension plan assumptions and future contributions; 
 Demand softness or volatility in the markets in which we do business; 
 Cybersecurity threats, including the potential misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data or operational disruption; 
 Difficulty or unanticipated expenses in connection with integrating acquired businesses; 
 The risk that acquisitions do not perform as planned, including, for example, the risk that acquired businesses will not achieve revenues and profit projections; 
 The impact of changes in tax legislation; 
 Risks and uncertainties related to the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the war between Russia and Ukraine on our business and operations; 
 The ability of our businesses to hire and retain the highly skilled personnel necessary for our businesses to succeed; and 
 Risks related to a competitor's protest of the award of the FLRAA contract to Bell. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to various risks, including those discussed below, which may affect the value of our securities. The risks discussed below are those that we believe currently are the most significant to our business. 
 Aerospace and Defense Industry Risks 
 Demand for our aircraft products is cyclical and lower demand adversely affects our financial results. 
 Demand for business jets, turbo props and commercial helicopters has been cyclical and difficult to forecast. The demand for our aircraft products has been adversely impacted by unexpected events and may be impacted by such events in the future. Therefore, future demand for these products could be significantly and unexpectedly less than anticipated and/or less than previous period deliveries. Similarly, there is uncertainty as to when or whether our existing commercial backlog for aircraft products will convert to revenues as the conversion depends on production capacity, customer needs and credit availability. Changes in economic conditions have in the past caused, and in the future may cause, customers to request that firm orders be rescheduled, deferred or cancelled. Reduced demand for our aircraft products or delays or cancellations of orders previously has had and, in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We have customer concentration with the U.S. Government; reduction in U.S. Government defense spending can adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 During 2022, we derived approximately 22 of our revenues from sales to a variety of U.S. Government entities. Our revenues from the U.S. Government largely result from contracts awarded to us under various U.S. Government defense-related programs. The funding of these programs is subject to congressional appropriation decisions and the U.S. Government budget process which includes enacting relevant legislation, such as appropriations bills and accords on the debt ceiling. Although multiple-year contracts may be planned in connection with major procurements, Congress generally appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis even though a program may continue for several years. Consequently, programs often are only partially funded initially, and additional funds are committed only as Congress makes further appropriations. Further uncertainty with respect to ongoing programs could also result in the event that the U.S. Government finances its operations through temporary funding measures such as continuing resolutions rather than full-year appropriations. If we incur costs in advance or in excess of funds committed on a contract, we are at risk for non-reimbursement of those costs until additional funds are appropriated. The reduction, termination or delay in the timing of funding for U.S. Government programs for which we currently provide or propose to provide products or services from time to time has resulted and, in the future, may result in a loss of anticipated revenues. A loss of such revenues could materially and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Significant changes in national and international policies or priorities for defense spending, as well as the potential impact of sequestration, could affect the funding, or the timing of funding, of our programs, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, because our U.S. Government contracts generally require us to continue to perform even if the U.S. Government is unable to make timely payments, we may need to finance our continued performance for the impacted contracts from our other resources on an interim basis. An extended delay in the timely payment by the U.S. Government could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. 
 
 U.S. Government contracts can be terminated at any time and may contain other unfavorable provisions. 
 The U.S. Government typically can terminate or modify any of its contracts with us either for its convenience or if we default by failing to perform under the terms of the applicable contract. In the event of termination for the U.S. Government s convenience, contractors are generally protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contracts and profit on those costs but not the anticipated profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. A termination arising out of our default for failure to perform could expose us to liability, including but not limited to, all costs incurred under the contract plus potential liability for re-procurement costs in excess of the total original contract amount, less the value of work performed and accepted by the customer under the contract. Such an event could also have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. If any of our contracts are terminated by the U.S. Government whether for convenience or default, our backlog would be reduced by the expected value of the remaining work under such contracts. We also enter into fee for service contracts with the U.S. Government where we retain ownership of, and consequently the risk of loss on, aircraft and equipment supplied to perform under these contracts. Termination of these contracts could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. On contracts for which we are teamed with others and are not the prime contractor, the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, irrespective of the quality of our products and services as a subcontractor. In addition, in the event that the U.S. Government is unable to make timely payments, failure to continue contract performance places the contractor at risk of termination for default. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 As a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to procurement rules and regulations; our failure to comply with these rules and regulations could adversely affect our business. 
 We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts. These laws and regulations, among other things, require certification and disclosure of all cost and pricing data in connection with contract negotiation, define allowable and unallowable costs and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based U.S. Government contracts, and safeguard and restrict the use and dissemination of classified information, covered defense information, and the exportation of certain products and technical data. New laws, regulations or procurement requirements or changes to current ones (including, for example, regulations related to cybersecurity) can significantly increase our costs, reducing our profitability. Our failure to comply with procurement regulations and requirements could allow the U.S. Government to suspend or debar us from receiving new contracts for a period of time, reduce the value of existing contracts, issue modifications to a contract, withhold cash on contract payments, and control and potentially prohibit the export of our products, services and associated materials, any of which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. A number of our U.S. Government contracts contain provisions that require us to make disclosure to the Inspector General of the agency that is our customer if we have credible evidence that we have violated U.S. criminal laws involving fraud, conflict of interest, or bribery; the U.S. civil False Claims Act; or received a significant overpayment under a U.S. Government contract. Failure to properly and timely make disclosures under these provisions may result in a termination for default or cause, suspension and/or debarment, and potential fines. 
 As a U.S. Government contractor, our businesses and systems are subject to audit and review by the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) and the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA). 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the U.S. Government and its agencies such as the DCAA and DCMA. These agencies review our performance under contracts, our cost structure and our compliance with laws and regulations applicable to U.S. Government contractors. The systems that are subject to review include, but are not limited to, our accounting, estimating, material management and accounting, earned value management, purchasing and government property systems. If an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions that may include the termination of our contracts, forfeiture or reduction of profits, suspension or reduction of payments, fines, and, under certain circumstances, suspension or debarment from future contracts for a period of time. Whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the U.S. Government also has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate. These laws and regulations affect how we conduct business with our government customers and, in some instances, impose added costs on our business. 
 The use of certain contract award types by the U.S. Government and the competitive bidding process increases pricing pressure and cost and may result in delayed revenues and profit. 
 The U.S. Government relies upon competitive contract award types, including indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity, other transaction agreements and multi-award contracts, which have the potential to create increased pricing pressure, as well as to increase our cost by requiring that we submit multiple bids or share in costs. In addition, multi-award contracts increase our cost as they require that we make sustained efforts to compete for task orders and delivery orders under the contract. Further, the competitive bidding process is costly and demands employee and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us or may be split among competitors. Even if we are successful in obtaining an award, we may encounter bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards, such as the protest filed by our competitor on the FLRAA program. Bid protests could result in significant expenses associated with justifying the selection or due to potential program delays and could result in contract modifications that alter schedule or scope or even cause the loss of the contract award. Even when a bid protest does not result in the loss of a contract award, the resolution could postpone commencement of contract activity, resulting in additional cost and delay in the recognition of revenue and profit. 
 Our profitability and cash flow varies depending on the mix of our government contracts and our ability to control costs . 
 Under fixed-price contracts, generally we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur, and, consequently, we absorb any costs in excess of the fixed price. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates used in developing the pricing for such contracts can adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, fixed-price contracts generally require progress payments rather than performance-based payments which can delay our ability to recover a significant amount of costs incurred on a contract and thus affect the timing of our cash flows. Under fixed-price incentive contracts, we share with the U.S. Government cost underrun savings, which are derived from total cost being less than target costs; we also share in cost overruns, which occur when total costs exceed target costs up to a negotiated cost ceiling; however, we are solely responsible for costs above the ceiling. Under time and materials contracts, we are paid for labor at negotiated hourly billing rates and for certain expenses. Under cost-reimbursement contracts that are subject to a contract-ceiling amount, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and paid a fee, which may be fixed or performance-based; however, if our costs exceed the contract ceiling or are not allowable under the provisions of the contract or applicable regulations, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for all such costs. Due to the nature of our work under government contracts, we sometimes experience unforeseen technological or schedule difficulties and cost overruns. Under each type of contract, if we are unable to control costs or if our initial cost estimates are incorrect, our 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 cash flows, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Cost overruns also may adversely affect our ability to sustain existing programs and obtain future contract awards. 
 The market for U.S. Government defense business is highly competitive which may affect our ability to win new contracts for major government programs and result in reduced future revenues. 
 Our defense businesses operate in highly competitive markets in which they participate in rigorous, increasingly competitive bidding processes against other defense companies for U.S. government business. The competitive bidding process is costly and, in some instances, may require significant research and development and/or engineering efforts to participate. Despite our best efforts, the U.S. Government customer may choose competitive offerings over our offerings. The competition from other government contractors, combined with the increasingly competitive nature of the government contract bidding and award process, results in an intensely competitive market environment in which there can be no assurance that our businesses will be selected for government programs with significant long-term revenues. If we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, do not win government programs with significant long-term revenues or do not prevail in bid protests, we may experience declines in future revenues and profitability, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Strategic Risks 
 Developing new products and technologies entails significant risks and uncertainties. 
 To continue to grow our revenues and segment profit, we must successfully develop new products and technologies or modify our existing products and technologies for our current and future markets. Our future performance depends, in part, on our ability to identify emerging technological trends and customer requirements and to develop and maintain competitive products and services. Delays or cost overruns in the development and acceptance of new products or certification of new aircraft and other products occur from time to time and could adversely affect our results of operations. These delays or cost overruns could be caused by unanticipated technological hurdles, production changes to meet customer demands, unanticipated difficulties in obtaining required regulatory certifications of new aircraft or other products, or failure on the part of our suppliers to deliver components as agreed. We also could be adversely affected if our research and development efforts are less successful than expected or if these efforts require significantly more funding to achieve our goals than anticipated. In particular, the success of Textron eAviation depends in large part, on our ability to develop and certify new electric and hybrid electric aircraft products in order to achieve our long-term strategy of offering a family of sustainable aircraft for urban air mobility, general aviation, cargo and special mission roles. In addition, new products and technologies could generate unanticipated safety or other concerns resulting in expanded product liability risks, potential product recalls and other regulatory issues that could have an adverse impact on us. Furthermore, because of the lengthy research and development cycle involved in bringing certain of our products to market, we cannot predict the economic conditions that will exist when any new product is complete, and the market for our product offerings does not always develop or continue to expand as we anticipate. 
 A reduction in capital spending in the aerospace or defense industries could have a significant effect on the demand for new products and technologies under development, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our investments in equipment or technology that we believe will enable us to obtain future contracts for our U.S. Government or other customers may not result in contracts or revenues sufficient to offset such investment. We cannot be sure that our competitors will not develop competing technologies which gain superior market acceptance compared to our products. A significant failure in our new product development efforts, a substantial change to schedule, a material change in an anticipated market or the failure of our products or services to achieve customer acceptance relative to our competitors products or services, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have made and may continue to make acquisitions that increase the risks of our business. 
 We enter into acquisitions in an effort to expand our business and enhance shareholder value. Acquisitions involve risks and uncertainties that, in some cases, have resulted, and, in the future, could result in our not achieving expected benefits. Such risks include difficulties in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and cost-effective manner; challenges in achieving expected strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits; the risk that the acquired businesses markets do not evolve as anticipated and that the acquired businesses products and technologies do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets; the risk that our due diligence reviews of the acquired business do not identify or adequately assess all of the material issues which impact valuation of the business or result in costs or liabilities in excess of what we anticipated; the risk that we pay a purchase price that exceeds what the future results of operations would have merited; the risk that the acquired business may have significant internal control deficiencies or exposure to regulatory sanctions; and the potential loss of key customers, suppliers and employees of the acquired businesses. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Business and Operational Risks 
 The global economic impacts of Russia s war with Ukraine could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 The war between Russia and Ukraine and the resulting economic sanctions imposed by the international community have impacted the global economy and given rise to potential global security issues that may adversely affect international business and economic conditions. Certain of our direct or indirect suppliers have been negatively impacted by these events, resulting in increased costs to us for certain materials and components as well as shortages and delays of critical components for certain of our products. These cost increases, along with increased energy and shipping costs, have and may continue to negatively impact our profitability, and component shortages and delays have and may continue to result in production delays for certain of our products. In addition, these events have caused additional disruption in the supply chains of our automotive OEM customers, already experiencing disruption due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused, and may continue to cause, reduced demand for our automotive products. The continuation of the war could lead to other supply chain disruptions, increased inflationary pressures, and volatility in global markets and industries that could negatively impact our operations. Furthermore, the potential for retaliatory acts of cyberwarfare from Russia against U.S. companies in response to increasing sanctions on Russia could result in increased cyber-attacks against us. The impact of any one or more of these or other factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity threats and other disruptions. 
 Our information technology (IT) and related systems are critical to the efficient operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day to day processes. As a U.S. defense contractor, we face persistent security threats, including threats to our IT infrastructure and unlawful attempts to gain access to our information via phishing/malware campaigns and other cyberattack methods, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, as do our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and joint venture partners. Attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential, classified or otherwise proprietary information or that of our employees or customers, as well as other security breaches, are persistent, continue to evolve and require highly skilled IT resources. 
 We maintain Information Systems Incident Management Standards applicable to all our businesses intended to ensure information security events and weaknesses associated with information systems are communicated and acted on in a timely manner. Our enterprise risk management program includes cyber risk/network protection mitigation plans, and our disclosure controls and procedures address cybersecurity and include processes intended to ensure that security breaches are analyzed for potential disclosure. Additionally, we conduct periodic training for our employees regarding the protection of sensitive information which includes training intended to prevent the success of cyberattacks. Further, our insider trading compliance program addresses restrictions against trading while in possession of material, nonpublic information in connection with a cybersecurity incident. 
 While we have experienced cybersecurity attacks, such attacks have not resulted in a material information security breach and we have not suffered any material losses relating to such attacks. We believe our threat detection and mitigation processes and procedures are robust. Due to the evolving nature of security threats, the possibility of future material incidents cannot be completely mitigated, and we may not always be successful in timely detecting, reporting or responding to cyber incidents. Future attacks or breaches of data security, whether of our systems or the systems of our service providers or other third parties who may have access to our data for business purposes, could disrupt our operations, cause the loss of business information or compromise confidential information, exposing us to liability or regulatory action. Such an incident also could require significant management attention and resources, increase costs that may not be covered by insurance, and result in reputational damage, potentially adversely affecting our competitiveness and our results of operations. Products and services that we provide to our customers may themselves be subject to cyberthreats which may not be detected or effectively mitigated, resulting in potential losses that could adversely affect us and our customers. In addition, our customers, including the U.S. Government, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. 
 Failure to perform by our subcontractors or suppliers could adversely affect our performance. 
 We rely on other companies to provide raw materials, major components and subsystems for our products. Subcontractors also perform services that we provide to our customers in certain circumstances. We depend on these suppliers and subcontractors to meet our contractual obligations to our customers and conduct our operations. Our ability to meet our obligations to our customers could be adversely affected if suppliers or subcontractors do not provide the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services in compliance with customer requirements and in a timely and cost-effective manner. Likewise, the quality of our products could be adversely impacted if companies to whom we delegate manufacture of major components or subsystems for our products, or from whom we acquire such items, do not provide components or subsystems which meet required specifications and perform to our and our customers expectations. Our suppliers may be unable to quickly recover from natural disasters and other events beyond their control and may be subject to additional risks such as material or labor shortages, inflationary conditions or other financial problems that limit their ability to conduct their operations. For example, certain of our businesses have been, and 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 may continue to be, adversely impacted by suppliers which have been unable to perform as anticipated due to impacts of the pandemic and/or the war between Russia and Ukraine. The risk of these adverse effects would likely be greater in circumstances where we rely on only one or two subcontractors or suppliers for a particular raw material, product or service. In particular, in the aircraft industry, most vendor parts are certified by the regulatory agencies as part of the overall Type Certificate for the aircraft being produced by the manufacturer. If a vendor does not or cannot supply its parts, then the manufacturer s production line may be stopped until the manufacturer can design, manufacture and certify a similar part itself or identify and certify another similar vendor s part, resulting in significant delays in the completion of aircraft. Such events may adversely affect our financial results, damage our reputation and relationships with our customers, and result in regulatory actions and/or litigation. 
 We are subject to the risks of doing business in foreign countries that could adversely impact our business. 
 During 2022, we derived approximately 32 of our revenues from international business, including U.S. exports. Conducting business internationally exposes us to additional risks than if we conducted our business solely within the U.S. We maintain manufacturing facilities, service centers, supply centers and other facilities worldwide, including in various emerging market countries. Risks related to international operations include import, export, economic sanctions and other trade restrictions; changing U.S. and foreign procurement policies and practices; changes in international trade policies, including higher tariffs on imported goods and materials and renegotiation of free trade agreements; potential retaliatory tariffs imposed by foreign countries against U.S. goods; impacts on our non-U.S. suppliers and customers due to acts of war occurring internationally; restrictions on technology transfer; difficulties in protecting intellectual property; increasing complexity of employment and environmental, health and safety regulations; foreign investment laws; exchange controls; repatriation of earnings or cash settlement challenges; compliance with increasingly rigorous data privacy and protection laws; competition from foreign and multinational firms with home country advantages; economic and government instability; acts of industrial espionage, acts of war and terrorism and related safety concerns. The impact of any one or more of these or other factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 Additionally, some international government customers require contractors to agree to specific in-country purchases, technology transfers, manufacturing agreements or financial support arrangements, known as offsets, as a condition for a contract award. These contracts generally extend over several years and may include penalties if we fail to perform in accordance with the offset requirements which are often subjective. We also are exposed to risks associated with using foreign representatives and consultants for international sales and operations and teaming with international subcontractors and suppliers in connection with international programs. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we maintain policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with these laws, a violation of such laws by any of our international representatives, consultants, joint ventures, business partners, subcontractors or suppliers, even if prohibited by our policies, could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 
 Our business was adversely impacted, and may again be adversely impacted, by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 
 Our businesses have experienced and continue to experience various degrees of disruption due to the unprecedented conditions surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic. Economic and other impacts from the pandemic initially resulted in, and could again result in, reduced demand for our aviation and commercial helicopter products and services, the delay or cancellation of existing orders by our customers and lower flight hours, and consequently, lower demand for parts and maintenance. The effects of COVID-19 have included and could continue to include disruption of the operation of certain of our facilities or the facilities of our customers, suppliers or business partners, as well as other disruptions in our supply chains or our customers supply chains. In addition, disruptions in our automotive OEM supply chains have caused and may continue to cause reduced demand for our automotive products. We have experienced and may continue to experience lower revenues and/or increased costs as a result of these business and production disruptions. 
 
 The extent to which the pandemic could continue to impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity is highly uncertain and also will depend on future developments, most of which are outside our control. Such developments may include the geographic spread and duration of the virus, the emergence of variants of the virus that cause severe illness and/or are resistant to the developed vaccines, the development of and access to effective treatments, the acceptance of, and access to, effective vaccines, and the effects of actions that have been or may be taken by various governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the outbreak. 
 Natural disasters or other events outside of our control may disrupt our operations, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and may not be fully covered by insurance. 
 Natural disasters, including hurricanes, fires, tornados, floods and other forms of severe weather, the intensity and frequency of which are being exacerbated by climate change, along with other impacts of climate change, such as rising sea waters, as well as other events outside of our control including public health crises, pandemics, power outages and industrial accidents, have in the past and could in the future disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business. Any of these events could result in physical damage to and/or complete or partial closure of one or more of our facilities and temporary or long-term disruption of our 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 operations or the operations of our suppliers by causing business interruptions or by impacting the availability and cost of materials needed for manufacturing or otherwise impacting our ability to deliver products and services to our customers. Existing insurance arrangements may not provide full protection for the costs that may arise from such events. The occurrence of any of these events could materially increase our costs and expenses and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Financial Risks 
 If our Finance segment has difficulty collecting on its finance receivables, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 
 The financial performance of our Finance segment depends on the quality of loans, leases and other assets in its portfolio. Portfolio quality can be adversely affected by several factors, including finance receivable underwriting procedures, collateral value, geographic or industry concentrations, and the effect of general economic conditions. In addition, a substantial number of the originations in our finance receivable portfolio are cross-border transactions for aircraft sold outside of the U.S. Cross-border transactions present additional challenges and risks in the event of borrower default, which can result in difficulty or delay in collecting on the related finance receivables. If our Finance segment has difficulty successfully collecting on its finance receivable portfolio, our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We periodically need to obtain financing and such financing may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
 We periodically need to obtain financing in order to meet our debt obligations as they come due, to support our operations and/or to make acquisitions. Our access to the debt capital markets and the cost of borrowings are affected by a number of factors including market conditions and the strength of our credit ratings. If we cannot obtain adequate sources of credit on favorable terms, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various non-U.S. jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the location of income among these different jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of earnings indefinitely reinvested offshore, changes to unrecognized tax benefits or changes in tax laws, which could affect our profitability. In particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income, as well as changes to applicable statutory tax rates. In addition, the amount of income taxes we pay is subject to audits in various jurisdictions, and a material assessment by a tax authority could affect our profitability. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal and Other Matters 
 We are subject to increasing compliance risks that could adversely affect our operating results. 
 As a global business, we are subject to laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate. International sales and global operations require importing and exporting goods, software and technology, some of which have military applications subjecting them to more stringent import-export controls across international borders on a regular basis. For example, we sometimes initially must obtain licenses and authorizations from various U.S. Government agencies before we are permitted to sell certain of our aerospace and defense products outside the U.S., and we are not always successful in obtaining these licenses or authorizations in a timely manner. Both U.S. and foreign laws and regulations applicable to us have been increasing in scope and complexity. For example, both U.S. and foreign governments and government agencies regulate the aviation industry, and they have previously and may in the future impose new regulations for additional aircraft security or other requirements or restrictions. New or changing laws and regulations or related interpretation and policies could increase our costs of doing business, affect how we conduct our operations, adversely impact demand for our products, and/or limit our ability to sell our products and services. Compliance with laws and regulations of increasing scope and complexity is even more challenging in our business environment in which reducing our operating costs is often necessary to remain competitive. In addition, a violation of U.S. and/or foreign laws by one of our employees or business partners could subject us or our employees to civil or criminal penalties, including material monetary fines, or other adverse actions, such as denial of import or export privileges and/or debarment as a government contractor which could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Certain of our products are subject to laws regulating consumer products and could be subject to repurchase or recall as a result of safety issues. 
 As a distributor of consumer products in the U.S., certain of our products are subject to the Consumer Product Safety Act, which empowers the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) to exclude from the market products that are found to be unsafe or hazardous. Under certain circumstances, the CPSC could require us to repair, replace or refund the purchase price of one or more of our products, or potentially even discontinue entire product lines. We also may voluntarily take such action and, from time to time, have done so, but within strictures recommended by the CPSC. The CPSC also can impose fines or penalties on a manufacturer for non-compliance with its requirements. Furthermore, failure to timely notify the CPSC of a potential safety hazard can result in significant fines being assessed against us. Any repurchases or recalls of our products or an imposition of 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 fines or penalties could be costly to us and could damage the reputation or the value of our brands. Additionally, laws regulating certain consumer products exist in some states, as well as in other countries in which we sell our products, and more restrictive laws and regulations could be adopted in the future. 
 Increased regulation and stakeholder expectations related to global climate change could negatively affect our operating results. 
 Increased worldwide public awareness and concern regarding global climate change has resulted and is likely to continue to result in more legislative and regulatory efforts to address the negative impacts of climate change. Such laws and regulations are likely to include more prescriptive reporting on environmental metrics, climate change related risks and associated financial impacts, as well as increased oversight of and reporting on our supply chain and other compliance requirements. Stricter limits on greenhouse gas emissions generated by our facilities or by our products that produce carbon emissions could also be imposed. We expect that compliance with such laws and regulations will require additional internal resources and may necessitate larger investment in product development and manufacturing equipment and/or facilities, as well as sourcing from new suppliers and/or higher costs from existing suppliers, all of which would increase our direct and indirect costs and negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. Our failure to adequately comply with such laws and regulations could jeopardize our ability to receive contract awards from the U.S. government and other customers. 
 Moreover, our investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders increasingly expect us to reduce greenhouse gas emissions generated by our operations by implementing more efficient manufacturing technologies and increasing the amount of renewable energy used within our facilities. While we are engaged in efforts to transition to a lower carbon economy by reducing the emissions generated by our operations and increasing our use of renewable energy, these efforts take time and resources and may increase our energy acquisition and other costs and require capital investment. In addition, our stakeholders expect us to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from the use of our products, including by developing and incorporating sustainable technologies into our products. Our businesses are expected to require significant research and development investment to succeed in developing the new technologies and products that will enable us to significantly reduce such emissions from the use of our products and successfully compete in a lower carbon economy. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of our investments and actions for a variety of reasons, including technological challenges, evolving government and customer requirements and our ability to anticipate them and develop the desired technologies and products on a timely basis. Our competitors may develop these technologies and products before we do and they may be deemed by our customers to be superior to technologies and products we may develop, and they may otherwise gain industry acceptance in advance of, or instead of, our products. In addition, as we and our competitors develop increasingly sustainable technologies, demand for our existing offerings may decrease or become nonexistent. 
 We are subject to legal proceedings and other claims. 
 We are subject to legal proceedings and other claims arising out of the conduct of our business, including proceedings and claims relating to commercial and financial transactions; government contracts; alleged lack of compliance with applicable laws and regulations; disputes with suppliers, production partners or other third parties; product liability; patent and trademark infringement; employment disputes; and environmental, safety and health matters. Due to the nature of our manufacturing business, we are regularly subject to liability claims arising from accidents involving our products, including claims for serious personal injuries or death caused by weather or by pilot, driver or user error. In the case of litigation matters for which reserves have not been established because the loss is not deemed probable, it is reasonably possible that such claims could be decided against us and could require us to pay damages or make other expenditures in amounts that are not presently estimable. In addition, we cannot be certain that our reserves are adequate and that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover one or more substantial claims. Furthermore, we may not be able to obtain insurance coverage at acceptable levels and costs in the future. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and we could incur judgments, receive adverse arbitration awards or enter into settlements for current or future claims that could adversely affect our results of operations in any particular period. 
 Intellectual property infringement claims of others and the inability to protect our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our customers. 
 Intellectual property infringement claims are, from time to time, asserted by third parties against us or our customers. Any related indemnification payments or legal costs we are obliged to pay on behalf of our businesses, our customers or other third parties can be costly. Infringement claims also have resulted in legal restrictions on our businesses engaging in sales of allegedly infringing products. If such a restriction were imposed upon a material product line, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition, we own the rights to many patents, trademarks, brand names, trade names and trade secrets that are important to our business. Our inability to enforce these intellectual property rights could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally, our intellectual property could be at risk due to cybersecurity threats. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Human Capital 
 Our success is highly dependent on our ability to hire and retain a qualified workforce. 
 Our success is highly dependent upon our ability to hire and retain a workforce with the skills necessary for our businesses to develop and manufacture the products desired by our customers. We need highly skilled personnel in multiple areas including, among others, engineering, manufacturing, information technology, cybersecurity, flight operations, business development and strategy and management. Because many of our businesses experience cyclical market demand, they face challenges in maintaining their workforce at levels aligned with market demand which in the past has necessitated workforce reductions at some of our businesses as demand decreased. Conversely, our businesses sometimes need to increase the size of their workforce in order to keep pace with production needs due to increased customer demand. Furthermore, for our defense businesses the uncertainty of being awarded follow-on contracts and the related timing can also present difficulties in matching workforce size with contract needs. Such challenges in aligning the size of our businesses workforces with current or future business needs have resulted and may, in the future result in increased costs, production delays or other adverse impacts on our business and results of operations. 
 In addition, from time to time we face challenges that may impact employee retention, such as workforce reductions and facility consolidations and closures, and some of our most experienced employees are retirement-eligible which may adversely impact retention. To the extent that we lose experienced personnel through retirement or otherwise, it is critical for us to develop other employees, hire new qualified employees and successfully manage the transfer of critical knowledge. Competition for skilled employees is intense, and we may incur higher labor, recruiting and/or training costs in order to attract and retain employees with the requisite skills. We may not be successful in hiring or retaining such employees which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 The increasing costs of certain employee and retiree benefits could adversely affect our results. 
 Our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted by increasing costs and funding requirements related to our employee benefit plans. The obligation for our defined benefit pension plans is driven by, among other things, our assumptions of the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate used for future payment obligations. Additionally, as part of our annual evaluation of these plans, significant changes in our assumptions, due to changes in economic, legislative and/or demographic experience or circumstances, or changes in our actual investment returns could negatively impact the funded status of our plans requiring us to substantially increase our pension liability with a resulting decrease in shareholders equity. Also, changes in pension legislation and regulations could increase the cost associated with our defined benefit pension plans. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by strikes or work stoppages and other labor issues. 
 Approximately 7,300, or 27 , of our U.S. employees are unionized, and many of our non-U.S. employees are represented by organized councils. As a result, from time to time we experience work stoppages, which can negatively impact our ability to manufacture our products on a timely basis, resulting in strain on our relationships with our customers, loss or delay of revenues and/or increased cost. The presence of unions also may limit our flexibility in responding to competitive pressures in the marketplace. In addition, the workforces of many of our suppliers and customers are represented by labor unions. Work stoppages or strikes at the plants of our key suppliers could disrupt our manufacturing processes; similar actions at the plants of our customers could result in delayed or canceled orders for our products. Any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 On December 31, 2022, we operated a total of 54 plants located throughout the U.S. and 44 plants outside the U.S. We own 58 plants and lease the remainder for a total manufacturing space of approximately 23.6 million square feet. We consider the productive capacity of the plants operated by each of our business segments to be adequate. We also own or lease offices, warehouses, training and service centers and other space at various locations. In general, our facilities are in good condition, are considered to be adequate for the uses to which they are being put and are substantially in regular use. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 As previously reported in Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 4, 2020, on August 22, 2019, a purported shareholder class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court in the Southern District of New York against Textron, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer. The suit, filed by Building Trades Pension Fund of Western Pennsylvania, alleges that the defendants violated the federal securities laws by making materially false and misleading statements and concealing material adverse facts related to the Arctic Cat acquisition and integration. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory damages. On November 12, 2019, the Court appointed IWA Forest Industry Pension Fund (IWA) as the sole lead plaintiff in the case. On December 24, 2019, IWA filed an Amended Complaint in the now entitled In re Textron Inc. Securities Litigation. On February 14, 2020, IWA filed a Second Amended Complaint, and on March 6, 2020, Textron filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint. On July 20, 2020, the Court granted Textron s motion to dismiss and closed the case. On August 18, 2020, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal contesting the dismissal, which Textron opposed. On September 17, 2021, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals narrowed the case, unanimously upholding dismissal of most of the Second Amended Complaint, but reversing dismissal of one aspect of the Second Amended Complaint and remanding that remaining portion back to the District Court for further proceedings. On June 23, 2022, as a result of a mediation process overseen by an independent mediator, the Parties entered into a settlement agreement to settle plaintiff s claims for an amount not material to Textron. On November 21, 2022, the Court entered an order giving final approval of the settlement and final judgment in the case. Neither Textron nor any of the other defendants admitted any wrongdoing with respect to the allegations in the case. 
 We also are subject to actual and threatened legal proceedings and other claims arising out of the conduct of our business, including proceedings and claims relating to commercial and financial transactions; government contracts; alleged lack of compliance with applicable laws and regulations; disputes with suppliers, production partners or other third parties; product liability; patent and trademark infringement; employment disputes; and environmental, health and safety matters. Some of these legal proceedings and claims seek damages, fines or penalties in substantial amounts or remediation of environmental contamination. As a government contractor, we are subject to audits, reviews and investigations to determine whether our operations are being conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements. Under federal government procurement regulations, certain claims brought by the U.S. Government could result in our suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting for a period of time. On the basis of information presently available, we do not believe that existing proceedings and claims will have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The principal market on which our common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "TXT." At December 31, 2022, there were approximately 5,500 record holders of Textron common stock. 
 Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 The following provides information about our fourth quarter 2022 repurchases of equity securities that are registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: 
 Period (shares in thousands) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (excluding commissions) Total Number of Shares Purchased as part of Publicly Announced Plan Maximum Number of Shares that may yet be Purchased under the Plan October 2, 2022 November 5, 2022 750 64.62 750 14,500 November 6, 2022 December 3, 2022 1,635 69.67 1,635 12,865 December 4, 2022 December 31, 2022 940 70.12 940 11,925 Total 3,325 68.66 3,325 
 These shares were purchased pursuant to a plan authorizing the repurchase of up to 25 million shares of Textron common stock that was announced on January 25,2022 and has no expiration date. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the total return on a cumulative basis at the end of each year of 100 invested in our common stock on December 31, 2017 with the Standard Poor s (S P) 500 Stock Index, the S P 500 Aerospace Defense (A D) Index and the S P 500 Industrials Index, all of which include Textron. The values calculated assume dividend reinvestment. 
 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Textron Inc. 100.00 80.77 79.29 85.86 137.31 126.08 S P 500 100.00 94.80 125.91 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P 500 A D 100.00 90.72 124.44 100.56 113.86 133.64 S P 500 Industrials 100.00 96.09 128.30 157.60 201.56 162.45 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 In 2022, Textron s revenues increased 4 and segment profit increased 8 , compared with 2021, reflecting the impact of higher pricing and higher volume and mix at both the Textron Aviation and Industrial segments, partially offset by lower volume and mix at the Bell and Textron Systems segments. Our backlog increased 31 , to 13.3 billion by the end of 2022, reflecting increased demand in many of our businesses, including a 55 increase in backlog at the Textron Aviation segment. During 2022, we continued to manage through the impacts of ongoing global supply chain shortages/delays and labor shortages, in order to meet customer demand. In December 2022, Bell was awarded the development contract for the U.S. Army s Future Long-Range Assault Aircraft (FLRAA) program as discussed in Item 1. Business. Financial highlights for 2022 also include: 
 Generated 1.5 billion of net cash from operating activities from our manufacturing businesses. 
 Invested 601 million in research and development projects and 354 million in capital expenditures. 
 Returned 867 million to our shareholders through the repurchase of 13.1 million shares of our common stock. 
 For an overview of our business segments, including a discussion of our major products and services, refer to Item 1. Business. A discussion of our financial condition and operating results for 2022 compared with 2021 is provided below, while a discussion of 2021 compared with 2020 can be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2022. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Change (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Revenues 12,869 12,382 11,651 4 6 Cost of sales 10,800 10,297 10,094 5 2 Gross margin as a percentage of Manufacturing revenues 15.7 16.5 13.0 Selling and administrative expense 1,186 1,221 1,045 (3) 17 Interest expense, net 107 142 166 (25) (14) Non-service components of pension and postretirement income, net 240 159 83 51 92 
 Revenues 
 Revenues increased 487 million, 4 , in 2022, compared with 2021. The revenue increase primarily included the following factors: 
 Higher Textron Aviation revenues of 507 million, reflecting higher volume and mix of 302 million and higher pricing of 205 million. 
 Higher Industrial revenues of 335 million due to a favorable impact from pricing of 227 million, principally in the Specialized Vehicles product line, and higher volume and mix of 203 million in both product lines, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from exchange rate fluctuations of 95 million. 
 Lower Bell revenues of 273 million due to lower military revenues of 333 million, primarily in the H-1 program due to lower aircraft and spares production volume reflecting lower demand, partially offset by higher commercial revenues of 60 million, largely due to higher pricing. 
 Lower Textron Systems revenues of 101 million, largely due to lower volume of 121 million, which included an 88 million decrease from our Afghanistan fee-for-service and aircraft support contracts. 
 Cost of Sales and Selling and Administrative Expense 
 Cost of sales includes cost of products and services sold for the Manufacturing group. In 2022, cost of sales increased 503 million, 5 , compared with 2021, largely due to an unfavorable impact from inflation of 385 million, principally reflecting higher material costs in the Industrial and Textron Aviation segments. Gross margin as a percentage of Manufacturing revenues decreased 80 basis points in 2022, compared with 2021, as higher margin at the Textron Aviation segment, reflecting higher volume and mix and pricing, was more than offset by lower margin at the other Manufacturing segments, primarily at the Bell segment due to lower volume and mix. 
 
 Selling and administrative expense decreased 35 million, 3 , in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily reflecting lower share-based compensation expense. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net includes interest expense for both the Finance and Manufacturing borrowing groups, with interest on intercompany borrowings eliminated, and interest income earned on cash and equivalents. In 2022, interest expense, net decreased 35 million, 25 , compared with 2021, primarily due to an increase in interest income of 22 million and lower average debt outstanding. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, gross interest expense totaled 129 million, 142 million and 166 million, respectively. 
 Non-service Components of Pension and Postretirement Income, Net 
 Non-service components of pension and postretirement income, net increased by 81 million, 51 , in 2022, compared with 2021. The increase is based on our annual valuation at the end of 2021 and is primarily driven by an increase in the discount rate utilized for our domestic qualified pension plans and the impact of actual pension asset returns that exceeded our expected return on plan assets. 
 Special Charges 
 Special charges of 25 million in 2021, primarily include restructuring activities as described in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. There were no special charges recorded in 2022. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 2022 2021 2020 Effective tax rate 15.2 14.4 (9.6 
 In 2022, the effective tax rate of 15.2 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 , largely due to the favorable impact of research and development credits and tax deductions for foreign-derived intangible income. In 2021, the effective tax rate of 14.4 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 , largely due to the favorable impact of research and development credits, which included a 12 million benefit recognized for additional credits related to prior years. 
 For a full reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Segment Analysis 
 We conduct our business through six operating segments: Textron Aviation, Bell, Textron Systems, Industrial and Textron eAviation, which represent our manufacturing businesses, and Finance, which represents our captive finance business. Segment profit is an important measure used for evaluating performance and for decision-making purposes. Segment profit for the manufacturing segments includes non-service components of net periodic benefit cost/(income) and excludes interest expense, net; certain corporate expenses; gains/losses on major business dispositions; special charges; and an inventory charge related to the 2020 COVID-19 restructuring plan, as discussed in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The measurement for the Finance segment includes interest income and expense along with intercompany interest income and expense. Operating expenses for the Manufacturing segments include cost of sales, selling and administrative expense and other non-service components of net periodic benefit cost/(income), and exclude certain corporate expenses and special charges. 
 In our discussion of comparative results for the Manufacturing group, changes in revenues and segment profit for our commercial businesses typically are expressed in terms of volume and mix, pricing, foreign exchange, acquisitions and dispositions, inflation and performance. For revenues, volume and mix represents changes in revenues from increases or decreases in the number of units delivered or services provided and the composition of products and/or services sold. For segment profit, volume and mix represents a change due to the number of units delivered or services provided and the composition of products and/or services sold at different profit margins. Pricing represents changes in unit pricing. Foreign exchange is the change resulting from translating foreign-denominated amounts into U.S. dollars at exchange rates that are different from the prior period. Revenues generated by acquired businesses are reflected in Acquisitions for a twelve-month period, while reductions in revenues and segment profit from the sale of businesses are reflected as Dispositions. Inflation represents higher material, wages, benefits, pension service cost or other costs. Performance reflects an increase or decrease in research and development, depreciation, selling and administrative costs, warranty, product liability, quality/scrap, labor efficiency, overhead, non-service pension cost/(income), product line profitability, start-up, ramp up and cost-reduction initiatives or other manufacturing inputs. 
 Approximately 22 of our 2022 revenues were derived from contracts with the U.S. Government, including those under the U.S. Government-sponsored foreign military sales program. For our segments that contract with the U.S. Government, changes in revenues related to these contracts are expressed in terms of volume. Changes in segment profit for these contracts are typically expressed in terms of volume and mix and performance; these include cumulative catch-up adjustments associated with a) revisions to the transaction price that may reflect contract modifications or changes in assumptions related to award fees and other 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 variable consideration or b) changes in the total estimated costs at completion due to improved or deteriorated operating performance. 
 
 Textron Aviation 
 Change (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Revenues: Aircraft 3,387 3,116 2,714 9 15 Aftermarket parts and services 1,686 1,450 1,260 16 15 Total revenues 5,073 4,566 3,974 11 15 Operating expenses 4,489 4,188 3,958 7 6 Segment profit 584 378 16 54 2,263 Profit margin 11.5 8.3 0.4 Backlog 6,387 4,120 1,603 55 157 
 Textron Aviation Revenues and Operating Expenses 
 Factors contributing to the 2022 year-over-year revenue change are provided below: 
 (In millions) 2022 versus 2021 Volume and mix 302 Pricing 205 Total change 507 
 Textron Aviation s revenues increased 507 million, 11 , in 2022, compared with 2021, reflecting higher volume and mix of 302 million and higher pricing of 205 million. The increase in volume and mix was largely due to higher Citation jet and aftermarket volume, partially offset by lower pre-owned volume. The higher aftermarket volume reflected increased aircraft utilization. We delivered 178 Citation jets and 146 commercial turboprops in 2022, compared with 167 Citation jets and 125 commercial turboprops in 2021. 
 Textron Aviation s operating expenses increased 301 million, 7 , in 2022, compared with 2021, largely due to higher volume and mix described above and inflation of 114 million. 
 Textron Aviation Segment Profit 
 Factors contributing to 2022 year-over-year segment profit change are provided below: 
 (In millions) 2022 versus 2021 Volume and mix 101 Pricing, net of inflation 91 Performance 14 Total change 206 
 Textron Aviation s segment profit increased 206 million, 54 , in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to the impact from higher volume and mix described above and favorable pricing, net of inflation of 91 million. 
 Textron Aviation Backlog 
 Textron Aviation s backlog increased 2.3 billion in 2022 as a result of orders in excess of deliveries. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Bell 
 Change (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Revenues: Military aircraft and support programs 1,740 2,073 2,213 (16) (6) Commercial helicopters, parts and services 1,351 1,291 1,096 5 18 Total revenues 3,091 3,364 3,309 (8) 2 Operating expenses 2,774 2,956 2,847 (6) 4 Segment profit 317 408 462 (22) (12) Profit margin 10.3 12.1 14.0 Backlog 4,781 3,871 5,342 24 (28) 
 A significant portion of Bell s military aircraft and support program revenues is from the U.S. Government for the V-22 tiltrotor aircraft and the H-1 helicopter platforms, which are transitioning from production to the support stage over the next few years. Under the current contracts, production is expected to end by 2023 for the H-1 helicopter and 2025 for the V-22 tiltrotor. In December 2022, Bell was awarded the development contract for the next stage of the FLRAA program, as discussed in Item 1 Business. 
 Bell Revenues and Operating Expenses 
 Factors contributing to the 2022 year-over-year revenue change are provided below: 
 (In millions) 2022 versus 2021 Volume and mix (332) Pricing 59 Total change (273) 
 Bell s revenues decreased 273 million, 8 , in 2022, compared with 2021, largely due to lower military revenues of 333 million, primarily in the H-1 program due to lower aircraft and spares production volume reflecting lower demand. Commercial revenues increased 60 million, largely due to higher pricing. We delivered 179 commercial helicopters in 2022, compared with 156 commercial helicopters in 2021. 
 Bell s operating expenses decreased 182 million, 6 , in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to lower net volume and mix described above. 
 Bell Segment Profit 
 Factors contributing to 2022 year-over-year segment profit change are provided below: 
 (In millions) 2022 versus 2021 Volume and mix (135) Performance 45 Inflation, net of pricing (1) Total change (91) 
 Bell s segment profit decreased 91 million, 22 , in 2022, compared with 2021, largely reflecting lower volume and mix described above, partially offset by a favorable impact from performance of 45 million. Performance included lower research and development costs, pension costs and selling and administrative expense of 113 million, partially offset by an unfavorable change in net program adjustments. 
 Bell Backlog 
 Bell s backlog increased 910 million, 24 , in 2022, largely due to new orders in excess of deliveries and revenues recognized. Bell was awarded a 1.4 billion 5-year contract with the U.S. Government for spares and logistic support for the V-22 tiltrotor aircraft in the first quarter of 2022. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Textron Systems 
 Change (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Revenues 1,172 1,273 1,313 (8) (3) Operating expenses 1,020 1,084 1,161 (6) (7) Segment profit 152 189 152 (20) 24 Profit margin 13.0 14.8 11.6 Backlog 2,098 2,144 2,556 (2) (16) 
 Textron Systems Revenues and Operating Expenses 
 Factors contributing to the 2022 year-over-year revenue change are provided below: 
 (In millions) 2022 versus 2021 Volume and mix (121) Pricing 20 Total change (101) 
 Revenues at Textron Systems decreased 101 million, 8 , in 2022, compared with 2021. Lower volume of 121 million included an 88 million decrease from our Afghanistan fee-for-service and aircraft support contracts, primarily reflecting the impact from the U.S. Army s withdrawal from Afghanistan. 
 Textron Systems operating expenses decreased 64 million, 6 , in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily related to lower volume described above. 
 Textron Systems Segment Profit 
 Factors contributing to 2022 year-over-year segment profit change are provided below: 
 (In millions) 2022 versus 2021 Volume and mix (25) Performance (20) Pricing, net of inflation 8 Total change (37) 
 Textron Systems segment profit decreased 37 million, 20 , in 2022, compared with 2021, due to lower volume and mix of 25 million described above and an unfavorable impact from performance of 20 million, partially offset by favorable pricing, net of inflation of 8 million. 
 
 Industrial 
 Change (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Revenues: Fuel Systems and Functional Components 1,771 1,735 1,751 2 (1) Specialized Vehicles 1,694 1,395 1,249 21 12 Total revenues 3,465 3,130 3,000 11 4 Operating expenses 3,300 2,990 2,889 10 3 Segment profit 165 140 111 18 26 Profit margin 4.8 4.5 3.7 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial Revenues and Operating Expenses 
 Factors contributing to the 2022 year-over-year revenue change are provided below: 
 (In millions) 2022 versus 2021 Pricing 227 Volume and mix 203 Foreign exchange (95) Total change 335 
 Industrial segment revenues increased 335 million, 11 , in 2022, compared with 2021, due to a favorable impact of 227 million from pricing, principally in the Specialized Vehicles product line, and higher volume and mix of 203 million in both product lines, partially offset by an unfavorable impact of 95 million from foreign exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Operating expenses for the Industrial segment increased 310 million, 10 , in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily reflecting inflation of 226 million, largely in material costs, and higher volume and mix described above, partially offset by a favorable impact of 85 million from foreign exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Industrial Segment Profit 
 Factors contributing to 2022 year-over-year segment profit change are provided below: 
 (In millions) 2022 versus 2021 Volume and mix 44 Foreign exchange (10) Performance (10) Pricing, net of inflation 1 Total change 25 
 Segment profit for the Industrial segment increased 25 million, 18 , in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to higher volume and mix of 44 million as described above, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rate fluctuations of 10 million and performance of 10 million. 
 
 Textron eAviation 
 Textron eAviation was formed upon the acquisition of Pipistrel, a manufacturer of electrically powered aircraft, on April 15, 2022, as discussed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This segment includes the operating results of Pipistrel, along with research and development costs for initiatives related to the development of sustainable aviation solutions. In 2022, Textron eAviation segment revenues totaled 16 million and segment loss totaled 26 million. 
 
 Finance 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues 52 49 55 Segment profit 31 19 10 
 Finance segment revenues increased 3 million and segment profit increased 12 million in 2022, compared with 2021. The following table reflects information about the Finance segment s credit performance related to finance receivables. 
 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Finance receivables 587 630 Allowance for credit losses 24 25 Ratio of allowance for credit losses to finance receivables 4.09 3.97 Nonaccrual finance receivables 46 94 Ratio of nonaccrual finance receivables to finance receivables 7.84 14.92 60+ days contractual delinquency 1 1 60+ days contractual delinquency as a percentage of finance receivables 0.17 0.16 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our financings are conducted through two separate borrowing groups. The Manufacturing group consists of Textron consolidated with its majority-owned subsidiaries that operate in the Textron Aviation, Bell, Textron Systems, Industrial and Textron eAviation segments. The Finance group, which also is the Finance segment, consists of Textron Financial Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. We designed this framework to enhance our borrowing power by separating the Finance group. Our Manufacturing group operations include the development, production and delivery of tangible products and services, while our Finance group provides financial services. Due to the fundamental differences between each borrowing group s activities, investors, rating agencies and analysts use different measures to evaluate each group s performance. To support those evaluations, we present balance sheet and cash flow information for each borrowing group within the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Assessment of Liquidity and Significant Future Cash Requirements 
 Key information that is utilized in assessing our liquidity is summarized below: 
 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Manufacturing group Cash and equivalents 1,963 1,922 Debt 3,182 3,185 Shareholders equity 7,113 6,815 Capital (debt plus shareholders equity) 10,295 10,000 Net debt (net of cash and equivalents) to capital 15 16 Debt to capital 31 32 Finance group Cash and equivalents 72 195 Debt 375 582 
 We believe that our calculations of debt to capital and net debt to capital are useful measures as they provide a summary indication of the level of debt financing (i.e., leverage) that is in place to support our capital structure, as well as to provide an indication of our capacity to add further leverage. 
 We expect to have sufficient cash to meet our needs based on our existing cash balances, the cash we expect to generate from our manufacturing operations and the availability of our existing credit facility. In addition to our manufacturing operating cash requirements, future material cash outlays include our contractual combined debt and interest payments for the Manufacturing group of 119 million in 2023, 461 million in 2024, 446 million in 2025 and 2.7 billion thereafter, and for the Finance Group of 35 million in 2023, 32 million in 2024, 49 million in 2025 and 611 million thereafter. 
 For the Manufacturing Group, we also have purchase obligations that require material future cash outlays totaling 2.9 billion in 2023, 383 million in 2024 and 149 million thereafter. Purchase obligations include undiscounted amounts committed under legally enforceable contracts or purchase orders for goods and services with defined terms as to price, quantity and delivery dates, as well as property, plant and equipment. Approximately 18 of our purchase obligations represent purchase orders issued for goods and services to be delivered under firm contracts with the U.S. Government for which we have full recourse under customary contract termination clauses. 
 Effective at the beginning of 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures immediately in the year incurred and requires taxpayers to amortize such expenditures over five years. Without the option to deduct these expenses in the year incurred, our tax payments increased by 284 million in 2022. Under the assumption that this legislation is not modified or repealed, the impact will continue over the five-year amortization period, but will decrease each year. 
 Credit Facilities and Other Sources of Capital 
 On October 21, 2022, Textron entered into a senior unsecured revolving credit facility for an aggregate principal amount of 1.0 billion, of which 100 million is available for the issuance of letters of credit. We may elect to increase the aggregate amount of commitments under the facility to up to 1.3 billion by designating an additional lender or by an existing lender agreeing to increase its commitment. The facility expires in October 2027 and provides for two one-year extensions at our option with the consent of lenders representing a majority of the commitments under the facility. This new facility replaces the existing 5-year facility, which was scheduled to expire in October 2024. At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, there were no amounts borrowed against either facility. At December 31, 2022, there were 9 million of outstanding letters of credit issued under the new facility, and at January 1, 2022, there were 9 million of outstanding letters of credit issued under the prior facility. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We also maintain an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that allows us to issue an unlimited amount of public debt and other securities. 
 Manufacturing Group Cash Flows 
 Cash flows from continuing operations for the Manufacturing group as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are summarized below: 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities 1,461 1,469 833 Investing activities (511) (335) (277) Financing activities (875) (1,349) 393 
 Cash flows from operating activities in 2022 were essentially unchanged from 2021 as an increase in net income tax payments of 260 million, largely resulting from a change in tax legislation discussed above, was mostly offset by changes in working capital and higher earnings. Net income tax payments were 332 million and 72 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Pension contributions were 49 million and 52 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In 2022 and 2021, investing cash flows primarily included capital expenditures of 354 million and 375 million, respectively. Investing cash flows in 2022 also included 202 million of net cash paid for business acquisitions, largely related to the Pipistrel acquisition discussed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Cash flows used by financing activities in 2022 included 867 million of cash paid to repurchase an aggregate of 13.1 million shares of our common stock under the 2022 share repurchase plan described below. In 2021, cash flows used by financing activities included 921 million of cash paid to repurchase an aggregate of 13.5 million shares of our common stock under a 2020 share repurchase plan, and 524 million of payments on long-term debt. 
 On January 25, 2022, we announced the authorization of the repurchase of up to 25 million shares of our common stock. This plan allows us to continue our practice of repurchasing shares to offset the impact of dilution from stock-based compensation and benefit plans and for opportunistic capital management purposes. The 2022 plan has no expiration date and replaced the prior 2020 share repurchase authorization, which was utilized in 2021 for repurchases. 
 Dividend payments to shareholders totaled 17 million and 18 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Finance Group Cash Flows 
 The cash flows from continuing operations for the Finance group as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are summarized below: 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities (7) (1) 13 Investing activities 100 185 (48) Financing activities (216) (97) (33) 
 The Finance group s cash flows from investing activities primarily included collections on finance receivables totaling 147 million and 250 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, partially offset by finance receivable originations of 92 million and 100 million, respectively. Cash flows provided by investing activities in 2022 also included 45 million of other investing activities, largely related to proceeds from the sale of operating lease assets. Cash flows used in financing activities included payments on long-term and nonrecourse debt of 216 million and 97 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Consolidated Cash Flows 
 The consolidated cash flows from continuing operations, after elimination of activity between the borrowing groups, are summarized below: 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities 1,490 1,599 769 Investing activities (447) (281) (248) Financing activities (1,091) (1,446) 360 
 Consolidated cash flows from operating activities were 1,490 million in 2022, compared with 1,599 million in 2021. The 109 million year-over-year decrease in net cash inflow was primarily due to an increase in net income tax payments of 263 million, 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 largely resulting from a change in tax legislation discussed above, and a decrease in cash inflows from captive finance receivables of 96 million, partially offset changes in working capital and higher earnings. Net income tax payments were 356 million and 93 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Pension contributions were 49 million and 52 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In 2022 and 2021, investing cash flows included capital expenditures of 354 million and 375 million, respectively. Investing cash flows in 2022 also included 202 million of net cash paid for business acquisitions, largely related to the Pipistrel acquisition. 
 Cash flows used by financing activities in 2022 primarily included 867 million of share repurchases and 234 million of payments on long-term debt. In 2021, cash flows used by financing activities included 921 million of share repurchases and 621 million of payments on long-term debt. 
 Captive Financing and Other Intercompany Transactions 
 The Finance group provides financing primarily to purchasers of new and pre-owned Textron Aviation aircraft and Bell helicopters manufactured by our Manufacturing group, otherwise known as captive financing. In the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, cash received from customers is reflected as operating activities when received from third parties. However, in the cash flow information provided for the separate borrowing groups, cash flows related to captive financing activities are reflected based on the operations of each group. For example, when product is sold by our Manufacturing group to a customer and is financed by the Finance group, the origination of the finance receivable is recorded within investing activities as a cash outflow in the Finance group s statement of cash flows. Meanwhile, in the Manufacturing group s statement of cash flows, the cash received from the Finance group on the customer s behalf is recorded within operating cash flows as a cash inflow. Although cash is transferred between the two borrowing groups, there is no cash transaction reported in the consolidated cash flows at the time of the original financing. These captive financing activities, along with all significant intercompany transactions, are reclassified or eliminated from the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Reclassification adjustments included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are summarized below: 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Reclassification adjustments from investing activities to operating activities: Cash received from customers 127 231 106 Finance receivable originations for Manufacturing group inventory sales (92) (100) (195) Other 1 12 Total reclassification adjustments from investing activities to operating activities 36 131 (77) 
 Under a Support Agreement between Textron and TFC, Textron is required to maintain a controlling interest in TFC. The agreement, as amended in December 2015, also requires Textron to ensure that TFC maintains fixed charge coverage of no less than 125 and consolidated shareholders' equity of no less than 125 million. There were no cash contributions required to be paid to TFC in 2022 and 2021 to maintain compliance with the support agreement. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 To prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements to be in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, we must make complex and subjective judgments in the selection and application of accounting policies. The accounting policies that we believe are most critical to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations are listed below. We believe these policies require our most difficult, subjective and complex judgments in estimating the effect of inherent uncertainties. This section should be read in conjunction with Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which includes other significant accounting policies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 A substantial portion of our revenues is related to long-term contracts with the U.S. Government, including those under the U.S. Government-sponsored foreign military sales program, for the design, development, manufacture or modification of aerospace and defense products as well as related services. We generally use the cost-to-cost method to measure progress for these contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer that occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. Under this measure, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation, and revenue is recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Due to the number of years it may take to complete these contracts and the scope and nature of the work required to be performed on the contracts, the estimation of total transaction price and costs at completion is complicated and subject to many variables and, accordingly, is subject to change. In estimating total costs at completion, we are required to make numerous assumptions related to the complexity of design and related development work to be performed; engineering requirements; product performance; subcontractor performance; availability and cost of materials; labor productivity, availability and cost; overhead and capital costs; manufacturing efficiencies; the length of time to complete the contract (to estimate increases in wages and prices for materials); and costs of satisfying offset obligations, among other variables. Our cost estimation process is based on the professional knowledge and experience of engineers and program managers along with finance professionals. We review and update our cost projections quarterly or more frequently when circumstances significantly change. When our estimate of the total costs to be incurred on a contract exceeds the estimated total transaction price, a provision for the entire loss is recorded in the period in which the loss is determined. 
 At the outset of each contract, we estimate an initial profit booking rate considering the risks surrounding our ability to achieve the technical requirements (e.g., a newly developed product versus a mature product), schedule (e.g., the number and type of milestone events), and costs by contract requirements in the initial estimated costs at completion. Profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks surrounding the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract. Conversely, the profit booking rate may decrease if we are not successful in retiring the risks; and, as a result, our estimated costs at completion increase. All estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract and, therefore, may affect the profit booking rate. 
 Changes in our estimate of the total expected cost or in the transaction price for a contract typically impact our profit booking rate. We utilize the cumulative catch-up method of accounting to recognize the impact of these changes on our profit booking rate for a contract. Under this method, the inception-to-date impact of a profit adjustment on a contract is recognized in the period the adjustment is identified. The impact of our cumulative catch-up adjustments on segment profit recognized in prior periods is presented below: 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Gross favorable 101 154 148 Gross unfavorable (117) (73) (76) Net adjustments (16) 81 72 
 Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process described above, it is likely that materially different revenues and/or cost of sales amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Our earnings could be reduced by a material amount resulting in a charge to earnings if (a) total estimated contract costs are significantly higher than expected due to changes in customer specifications prior to contract amendment, (b) total estimated contract costs are significantly higher than previously estimated due to cost overruns or inflation, (c) there is a change in engineering efforts required during the development stage of the contract or (d) we are unable to meet contract milestones. 
 Goodwill 
 We evaluate the recoverability of goodwill annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment of a reporting unit. We calculate the fair value of each reporting unit using discounted cash flows. These cash flows incorporate assumptions for revenue growth rates and operating margins that are based on our strategic plans and long-range planning forecasts, which include our best estimates of current and forecasted market conditions, cost structure and anticipated net cost reductions. The long-term revenue growth rate we use to determine the terminal value of the business is based on our assessment of its minimum expected terminal growth rate, as well as its past historical growth and broader economic considerations such as gross domestic product, inflation and the maturity of the markets we serve. The discount rates utilized in this analysis are based on each reporting unit s weighted average cost of capital, which takes into account the relative weights of each component of capital structure (equity and debt) and represents the expected cost of new capital, adjusted as appropriate to consider the risk inherent in future cash flows of the respective reporting unit. We believe this approach yields a discount rate that is consistent with an implied rate of return that an independent investor or market participant would require for an investment in a company having similar risks and business characteristics to the reporting unit being assessed. 
 Based on our annual impairment review, the fair value calculated using the estimates discussed above exceeded the carrying value by an adequate amount for each reporting group. Accordingly, we do not believe that there is a reasonable possibility that any units might fail the impairment test in the foreseeable future. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Retirement Benefits 
 We sponsor funded and unfunded domestic and international pension plans for certain of our employees. Beginning on January 1, 2010, we initiated actions to commence the closure of the pension plans to new entrants. We provide employees hired subsequent to these closures with defined contribution benefits. Our pension benefit obligations are calculated based on actuarial valuations. Key assumptions used in determining these obligations and related expenses or benefits include the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets and discount rates. We also make assumptions regarding employee demographic factors such as retirement patterns, mortality, turnover and rate of compensation increases. We evaluate and update these assumptions annually. 
 To determine the weighted-average expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, we consider the current and expected asset allocation, as well as historical and expected returns on each plan asset class. A lower expected rate of return on plan assets will decrease pension income. For both 2022 and 2021, the assumed expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used in calculating pension income was 7.10 . For 2022, the assumed rate of return for our domestic plans, which represent approximately 91 of our total pension assets, was 7.25 . 
 The discount rate enables us to state expected future benefit payments as a present value on the measurement date, reflecting the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled. This rate should be in line with rates for high-quality fixed income investments available for the period to maturity of the pension benefits, which fluctuate as long-term interest rates change. A lower discount rate increases the present value of the benefit obligations and decreases pension income. In 2022, the weighted-average discount rate used in calculating pension income was 2.99 , compared with 2.62 in 2021. For our domestic plans, the assumed discount rate was 3.05 in 2022, compared with 2.70 in 2021. A decrease of 50 basis-points in this weighted-average discount rate in 2022 would have decreased pension income for our domestic plans by approximately 20 million. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Our financial results are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates in the various countries in which our products are manufactured and/or sold. For our manufacturing operations, we manage our foreign currency transaction exposures by entering into foreign currency exchange contracts. These contracts generally are used to fix the local currency cost of purchased goods or services or selling prices denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. The notional amount of outstanding foreign currency exchange contracts was 354 million and 272 million at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. We also may hedge exposures to certain of our foreign currency assets and earnings by funding those asset positions with debt in the same foreign currency so the exposures are naturally offset. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our financial results are affected by changes in interest rates. As part of managing this risk, we seek to achieve a prudent balance between floating- and fixed-rate exposures. We continually monitor our mix of these exposures and adjust the mix, as necessary. For our Finance group, we generally limit our risk to changes in interest rates with a strategy of matching floating-rate assets with floating-rate liabilities. This strategy includes the use of interest rate swap agreements. We had interest rate swap agreements with a total notional amount of 297 million at December 31, 2022 and 289 million at January 1, 2022, which effectively converted certain floating-rate debt to a fixed-rate equivalent. 
 Quantitative Risk Measures 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into financial instruments for purposes other than trading. The financial instruments that are subject to market risk include finance receivables (excluding leases), debt (excluding finance lease obligations) and foreign currency exchange contracts. To quantify the market risk inherent in these financial instruments, we utilize a sensitivity analysis that includes a hypothetical change in fair value assuming a 10 decrease in interest rates and a 10 strengthening in foreign exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. The fair value of these financial instruments is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis and indicative market pricing as reported by leading financial news and data providers. 
 At the end of each year, the table below provides the carrying and fair values of these financial instruments along with the sensitivity of fair value to the hypothetical changes discussed above. This sensitivity analysis is most likely not indicative of actual results in the future. 
 December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 In millions 
 Carrying Value Fair Value Sensitivity of Fair Value to a 10 Change Carrying Value Fair Value Sensitivity of Fair Value to a 10 Change Manufacturing group Foreign currency exchange risk Debt (6) (6) (1) (6) (6) (1) Foreign currency exchange contracts (11) (11) 28 1 1 21 (17) (17) 27 (5) (5) 20 Interest rate risk Debt (3,175) (2,872) (51) (3,181) (3,346) (24) Finance group Interest rate risk Finance receivables 390 369 10 413 444 7 Debt (375) (294) (1) (582) (546) 
 The value represents an asset or (liability). 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related report of our independent registered public accounting firm thereon are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on the pages indicated below: 
 Page Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 33 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 34 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 37 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 39 
 Note 2. 
 Business Acquisition and Disposition 
 45 
 Note 3. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 45 
 Note 4. 
 Accounts Receivable and Finance Receivables 
 46 
 Note 5. 
 Inventories 
 48 
 Note 6. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 
 48 
 Note 7. 
 Other Current Liabilities 
 48 
 Note 8. 
 Leases 
 49 
 Note 9. 
 Debt and Credit Facilities 
 49 
 Note 10. 
 Derivative Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 
 50 
 Note 11. 
 Shareholders Equity 
 51 
 Note 12. 
 Segment and Geographic Data 
 53 
 Note 13. 
 Revenues 
 55 
 Note 14. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 56 
 Note 15. 
 Retirement Plans 
 58 
 Note 16. 
 Special Charges 
 62 
 Note 17. 
 Income Taxes 
 63 
 Note 18. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 66 
 Note 19. 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 66 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 67 
 Supplementary Information: 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 69 
 
 All other schedules are omitted either because they are not applicable or not required or because the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 (In millions, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Manufacturing product revenues Manufacturing service revenues Finance revenues Total revenues Costs, expenses and other Cost of products sold Cost of services sold Selling and administrative expense Interest expense, net Special charges Non-service components of pension and postretirement income, net ) ) ) Gain on business disposition ) Total costs, expenses and other Income from continuing operations before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Income from continuing operations Loss from discontinued operations ) ) Net income Basic Earnings per share Continuing operations Diluted Earnings per share Continuing operations 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 For each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Pension and postretirement benefits adjustments, net of reclassifications Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of reclassifications ) ) Deferred gains (losses) on hedge contracts, net of reclassifications ) ) Total other comprehensive income, net of tax Comprehensive income 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except share data) December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Assets Manufacturing group Cash and equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other assets Total Manufacturing group assets Finance group Cash and equivalents Finance receivables, net Other assets Total Finance group assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Liabilities Manufacturing group Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Other liabilities Long-term debt Total Manufacturing group liabilities Finance group Other liabilities Debt Total Finance group liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Common stock million and million shares issued, respectively, 
 and million and million shares outstanding, respectively) 
 Capital surplus Treasury stock ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 (In millions, except per share data) Common Stock Capital Surplus Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders Equity Balance at January 4, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation activity Purchases of common stock ) ) Balance at January 2, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation activity Purchases of common stock ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) Other Balance at January 1, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation activity Purchases of common stock ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 Consolidated (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing operations to net cash provided by 
 operating activities of continuing operations: 
 Non-cash items: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) Asset impairments and TRU inventory charge Gain on business disposition ) Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventories ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) Other liabilities ) Income taxes, net ) Pension, net ) ) ) Captive finance receivables, net ) Other operating activities, net Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations Net cash used in operating activities of discontinued operations ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Net cash used in acquisitions ) ) Net proceeds (payments) from corporate-owned life insurance policies ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and an insurance recovery Net proceeds from business disposition Finance receivables repaid Other investing activities, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Decrease in short-term debt ) ) Net proceeds from long-term debt Principal payments on long-term debt and nonrecourse debt ) ) ) Proceeds from borrowings against corporate-owned life insurance policies Payments on borrowings against corporate-owned life insurance policies ) Purchases of Textron common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Dividends paid ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents ) ) Cash and equivalents at beginning of year Cash and equivalents at end of year 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows continued 
 For each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 
 Manufacturing Group Finance Group (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations: Non-cash items: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) ) ) ) Asset impairments and TRU inventory charge Gain on business disposition ) Other, net ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventories ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Income taxes, net ) ) ) Pension, net ) ) ) Other operating activities, net Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations ) ) Net cash used in operating activities of discontinued operations ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Net cash used in acquisitions ) ) Net proceeds (payments) from corporate-owned life insurance policies ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and an insurance recovery Net proceeds from business disposition Finance receivables repaid Finance receivables originated ) ) ) Other investing activities, net Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Decrease in short-term debt ) ) Net proceeds from long-term debt Principal payments on long-term debt and nonrecourse debt ) ) ) ) ) ) Proceeds from borrowings against corporate-owned life insurance policies Payments on borrowings against corporate-owned life insurance policies ) Purchases of Textron common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Dividends paid ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents ) ) ) Cash and equivalents at beginning of year Cash and equivalents at end of year 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1. 
 separate borrowing groups. The Manufacturing group consists of Textron Inc. consolidated with its majority-owned subsidiaries that operate in the Textron Aviation, Bell, Textron Systems and Industrial segments, and the Textron eAviation segment, which was formed in the second quarter of 2022 upon the acquisition of Pipistrel, a manufacturer of electrically powered aircraft as discussed in Note 2. The Finance group, which also is the Finance segment, consists of Textron Financial Corporation (TFC) and its consolidated subsidiaries. We designed this framework to enhance our borrowing power by separating the Finance group. Our Manufacturing group operations include the development, production and delivery of tangible goods and services, while our Finance group provides financial services. Due to the fundamental differences between each borrowing group s activities, investors, rating agencies and analysts use different measures to evaluate each group s performance. To support those evaluations, we present balance sheet and cash flow information for each borrowing group within the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Our Finance group provides financing primarily to purchasers of new and pre-owned Textron Aviation aircraft and Bell helicopters manufactured by our Manufacturing group, otherwise known as captive financing. In the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, cash received from customers is reflected as operating activities when received from third parties. However, in the cash flow information provided for the separate borrowing groups, cash flows related to captive financing activities are reflected based on the operations of each group. For example, when product is sold by our Manufacturing group to a customer and is financed by the Finance group, the origination of the finance receivable is recorded within investing activities as a cash outflow in the Finance group s statement of cash flows. Meanwhile, in the Manufacturing group s statement of cash flows, the cash received from the Finance group on the customer s behalf is recorded within operating cash flows as a cash inflow. Although cash is transferred between the borrowing groups, there is no cash transaction reported in the consolidated cash flows at the time of the original financing. These captive financing activities, along with all significant intercompany transactions, are reclassified or eliminated in consolidation. 
 -50 basis. Negotiated profits on fixed-price contracts are also allocated -50 ; however, Bell and Boeing are each responsible for their own cost overruns and are entitled to retain any cost underruns. Based on the contractual arrangement established under the alliance, Bell accounts for its rights and obligations under the specific requirements of the V-22 Contracts allocated to Bell under the work breakdown structure. We account for all of our rights and obligations, including warranty, product and any contingent liabilities, under the specific requirements of the V-22 Contracts allocated to us under the agreement. Revenues and cost of sales reflect our performance under the V-22 Contracts with revenues recognized using the cost-to-cost method. We include all assets used in performance of the V-22 Contracts that we own and all liabilities arising from our obligations under the V-22 Contracts in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 to . These assurance-type programs typically cannot be purchased separately and do not meet the criteria to be considered a performance obligation. 
 U.S. Government Contracts 
 Our contracts with the U.S. Government generally include the design, development, manufacture or modification of aerospace and defense products, as well as related services. These contracts, which also include those under the U.S. Government-sponsored foreign military sales program, accounted for approximately of total revenues in 2022. The customer typically contracts with us to provide a significant service of integrating a complex set of tasks and components into a single project or capability, which often results in the delivery of multiple units. Accordingly, the entire contract is accounted for as one performance obligation. In certain circumstances, a contract may include both production and support services, such as logistics and parts plans, which are considered to be distinct in the context of the contract and represent separate performance obligations. When a contract is separated into more than one performance obligation, we generally utilize the expected cost plus a margin approach to determine the standalone selling prices when allocating the transaction price. 
 Our contracts are frequently modified for changes in contract specifications and requirements. Most of our contract modifications with the U.S. Government are for products and services that are not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant integration service provided in the context of the contract and are accounted for as part of that existing contract. The effect of these contract modifications on our estimates is recognized using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting. 
 Contracts with the U.S. Government generally contain clauses that provide lien rights to work-in-process along with clauses that allow the customer to unilaterally terminate the contract for convenience, pay us for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit and take control of any work-in-process. Due to the continuous transfer of control to the U.S. Government, we recognize revenue over the time that we perform under the contract. Selecting the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment and is based on the nature of the products or service to be provided. We generally use the cost-to-cost method to measure progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer that occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. Under this measure, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation, and revenue is recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 of our 2022 revenues with the U.S. Government were under fixed-price and fixed-price incentive contracts. Under the typical payment terms of these contracts, the customer pays us either performance-based or progress payments. Performance-based payments represent interim payments of up to of the contract price based on quantifiable measures of performance or on the achievement of specified events or milestones. Progress payments are interim payments of up to of costs incurred as the work progresses. Because the customer retains a small portion of the contract price until completion of the contract, these contracts generally result in revenue recognized in excess of billings, which we present as contract assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts billed and due from our customers are classified in Accounts receivable, net. The portion of the payments retained by the customer until final contract settlement is not considered a significant financing component because the intent is to protect the customer. For cost-type contracts, we are generally paid for our actual costs incurred within a short period of time. 
 Finance Revenues 
 Finance revenues primarily include interest on finance receivables, finance lease earnings and portfolio gains/losses. Portfolio gains/losses include impairment charges related to repossessed assets and properties and gains/losses on the sale or early termination of finance assets. We recognize interest using the interest method, which provides a constant rate of return over the terms of the receivables. Accrual of interest income is suspended if credit quality indicators suggest full collection of principal and interest is doubtful. In addition, we automatically suspend the accrual of interest income for accounts that are contractually delinquent by more than unless collection is not doubtful. Cash payments on nonaccrual accounts, including finance charges, generally are applied to reduce the net investment balance. Once we conclude that the collection of all principal and interest is no longer doubtful, we resume the accrual of interest and recognize previously suspended interest income at the time either a) the loan becomes contractually current through payment according to the original terms of the loan, or b) if the loan has been modified, following a period of performance under the terms of the modification. 
 Contract Estimates 
 For contracts where revenue is recognized over time, we recognize changes in estimated contract revenues, costs and profits using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting. This method recognizes the cumulative effect of changes on current and prior periods with the impact of the change from inception-to-date recorded in the current period. Anticipated losses on contracts are recognized in full in the period in which the losses become probable and estimable. 
 In 2022, our cumulative catch-up adjustments decreased segment profit by million and net income by million, per diluted share). In 2021 and 2020, our cumulative catch-up adjustments increased segment profit by million and million, respectively, and net income by million and million, respectively and per diluted share, respectively). Revenue was reduced by million in 2022 and increased by million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to changes in profit booking rates for performance obligations satisfied in prior periods. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

of our gross intangible assets are amortized based on the cash flow streams used to value the assets, with the remaining assets amortized using the straight-line method. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

43 

Table of Contents 

related liability recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in cost of sales. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Note 2. 
 million, which included the assumption of million of debt and other contractual obligations under the agreement and a final fixed payment of million due in 2024. Beginning in the second quarter of 2022, this business is included in a new reporting segment, Textron eAviation, which combines the operating results of Pipistrel along with other research and development initiatives related to sustainable aviation solutions. 
 We allocated the purchase price for this business to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date and recorded million in goodwill, related to expected synergies and the value of the assembled workforce, and million in intangible assets, primarily developed technologies. The intangible assets were primarily valued using the relief-from-royalty method. This method utilizes significant unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy and requires us to make estimates and assumptions about sales, growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates based on marketplace data. 
 2021 Business Disposition 
 million and recorded an after-tax gain of million. 
 
 Note 3. 
 Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at January 1, 2022 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Intangible Assets 
 ) ) Trade names and trademarks ) ) Customer relationships and contractual agreements ) ) Other ) Total ) ) 
 Trade names and trademarks in the table above include million of indefinite-lived intangible assets at both December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, amortization expense totaled million, million and million, respectively. Amortization expense is estimated to be approximately million, million, million, million and million in 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4. 
 U.S. Government contracts Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total 
 Finance Receivables 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total finance receivables, net 
 Finance receivables primarily includes loans provided to purchasers of new and pre-owned Textron Aviation aircraft and Bell helicopters. These loans have initial terms ranging from to , amortization terms ranging from to and an average balance of million at December 31, 2022. Loans generally require the customer to pay a significant down payment, along with periodic scheduled principal payments that reduce the outstanding balance through the term of the loan. 
 Our finance receivables are diversified across geographic region and borrower industry. At December 31, 2022, of our finance receivables were distributed internationally and throughout the U.S., compared with and , respectively, at January 1, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, finance receivables of million and million, respectively, have been pledged as collateral for TFC s debt of million and million, respectively. 
 Finance Receivable Portfolio Quality 
 We internally assess the quality of our finance receivables based on a number of key credit quality indicators and statistics such as delinquency, loan balance to estimated collateral value and the financial strength of individual borrowers and guarantors. Because many of these indicators are difficult to apply across an entire class of receivables, we evaluate individual loans on a quarterly basis and classify these loans into three categories based on the key credit quality indicators for the individual loan. These three categories are performing, watchlist and nonaccrual. 
 We classify finance receivables as nonaccrual if credit quality indicators suggest full collection of principal and interest is doubtful. In addition, we automatically classify accounts as nonaccrual once they are contractually delinquent by more than unless collection of principal and interest is not doubtful. Accounts are classified as watchlist when credit quality indicators have deteriorated as compared with typical underwriting criteria, and we believe collection of full principal and interest is probable but not certain. All other finance receivables that do not meet the watchlist or nonaccrual categories are classified as performing. 
 We measure delinquency based on the contractual payment terms of our finance receivables. In determining the delinquency aging category of an account, any/all principal and interest received is applied to the most past-due principal and/or interest amounts due. If a significant portion of the contractually due payment is delinquent, the entire finance receivable balance is reported in accordance with the most past-due delinquency aging category. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Watchlist Nonaccrual Nonaccrual as a percentage of finance receivables Current and less than 31 days past due 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due Over 90 days past due 60+ days contractual delinquency as a percentage of finance receivables 
 At December 31, 2022, of our performing finance receivables were originated since the beginning of 2020 and were originated from 2017 to 2019. For finance receivables categorized as watchlist, were originated since the beginning of 2020 and for nonaccrual, were originated from 2017 to 2019. 
 On a quarterly basis, we evaluate individual larger balance accounts for impairment. A finance receivable is considered impaired when it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement based on our review of the credit quality indicators described above. Impaired finance receivables include both nonaccrual accounts and accounts for which full collection of principal and interest remains probable, but the account s original terms have been, or are expected to be, significantly modified. If the modification specifies an interest rate equal to or greater than a market rate for a finance receivable with comparable risk, the account is not considered impaired in years subsequent to the modification. 
 Impaired finance receivables with no specific allowance for credit losses Total Unpaid principal balance Allowance for credit losses on impaired finance receivables Average recorded investment of impaired finance receivables 
 million and million of leveraged leases at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Allowance for credit losses based on collective evaluation Allowance for credit losses based on individual evaluation Finance receivables evaluated collectively Finance receivables evaluated individually 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5. 
 Work in process Raw materials and components Total 
 of inventories were valued using the LIFO method. Inventories valued at LIFO cost would have been higher by approximately million and million, at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, if they had been valued using the FIFO method. 
 
 Note 6. 
 - Machinery and equipment - Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total 
 The Manufacturing group s depreciation expense totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 7. 
 Salaries, wages and employer taxes Current portion of warranty and product maintenance liabilities Other Total 
 Provision Settlements ) ) ) Adjustments ) Balance at end of year 
 Adjustments include changes to prior year estimates, new issues on prior year sales, business acquisitions and dispositions, and currency translation adjustments. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8. 
 years, which include options to the lease term for periods up to years when it is reasonably certain the option will be exercised. Operating lease cost totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Variable and short-term lease costs were not significant. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, cash paid for operating lease liabilities totaled million, million and million, respectively, and is classified in cash flows from operating activities. Noncash transactions totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, reflecting the recognition of operating lease assets and liabilities for new or extended leases. 
 Other current liabilities Other liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 At December 31, 2022, maturities of our operating lease liabilities on an undiscounted basis totaled million for 2023, million for 2024, million for 2025, million for 2026, million for 2027 and million thereafter. 
 
 Note 9. 
 due 2024 
 due 2025 
 due 2026 
 due 2027 
 due 2028 
 due 2029 
 due 2030 
 due 2031 
 Other (weighted-average rate of and , respectively) 
 Total Manufacturing group debt Less: Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total Long-term debt Finance group Variable-rate note due 2025 and 2022 
 Fixed-rate note due 2027 and 2022 
 Variable-rate notes due 2022-2027 (weighted-average rate of and , respectively) 
 Fixed-rate notes due 2022-2028 (weighted-average rate of and , respectively) 
 Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Notes due 2067 and , respectively) 
 Total Finance group debt 
 Notes amortize on a monthly basis and are secured by finance receivables as described in Note 4. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Finance group Total 
 On October 21, 2022, Textron entered into a senior unsecured revolving credit facility for an aggregate principal amount of billion, of which million is available for the issuance of letters of credit. We may elect to increase the aggregate amount of commitments under the facility to up to billion by designating an additional lender or by an existing lender agreeing to increase its commitment. The facility expires in October 2027 and provides for extensions at our option with the consent of lenders representing a majority of the commitments under the facility. This new facility replaces the existing facility, which was scheduled to expire in October 2024. At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, there were amounts borrowed against either facility. At December 31, 2022, there were million of outstanding letters of credit issued under the new facility, and at January 1, 2022, there were million of outstanding letters of credit issued under the prior facility. 
 Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Notes 
 The Finance group s million of Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Notes are unsecured and rank junior to all of its existing and future senior debt. The notes mature on ; however, we have the right to redeem the notes at par at any time and we are obligated to redeem the notes beginning on . In 2022 and 2021, TFC repurchased million and million, respectively, of these notes. Interest is variable at the + . 
 Support Agreement 
 Under a Support Agreement between Textron and TFC, Textron is required to maintain a controlling interest in TFC. The agreement, as amended in December 2015, also requires Textron to ensure that TFC maintains fixed charge coverage of no less than and consolidated shareholders' equity of no less than million. There were cash contributions required to be paid to TFC in 2022, 2021 and 2020 to maintain compliance with the support agreement. 
 
 Note 10. 
 to manage this volatility. These contracts qualify as cash flow hedges and are intended to offset the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on forecasted sales, inventory purchases and overhead expenses. Net gains and losses recognized in earnings and Accumulated other comprehensive loss on cash flow hedges, including gains and losses related to hedge ineffectiveness, were not significant in the periods presented. 
 Our foreign currency exchange contracts are measured at fair value using the market method valuation technique. The inputs to this technique utilize current foreign currency exchange forward market rates published by third-party leading financial news and data providers. These are observable data that represent the rates that the financial institution uses for contracts entered into at that date; however, they are not based on actual transactions, so they are classified as Level 2. At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, we had foreign currency exchange contracts with notional amounts upon which the contracts were based of million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the fair value amount of our foreign currency exchange contracts was an million liability. At January 1, 2022, the fair value amounts of our foreign currency exchange contracts were a million asset and a million liability. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 million with a maturity of August 2023 and a swap agreement for a notional amount of million, maturing in June 2025, with a combined fair value of an million asset. At January 1, 2022, we had a swap agreement for a notional amount of million with a maturity of August 2023 and an insignificant fair value. The fair value of these swap agreements is determined using values published by third-party leading financial news and data providers. These values are observable data that represent the value that financial institutions use for contracts entered into at that date, but are not based on actual transactions, so they are classified as Level 2. 
 Assets and Liabilities Not Recorded at Fair Value) ) ) ) Finance group Finance receivables, excluding leases Debt ) ) ) ) 
 Fair value for the Manufacturing group debt is determined using market observable data for similar transactions (Level 2). The fair value for the Finance group debt was determined primarily based on discounted cash flow analyses using observable market inputs from debt with similar duration, subordination and credit default expectations (Level 2). Fair value estimates for finance receivables were determined based on internally developed discounted cash flow models primarily utilizing significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), which include estimates of the rate of return, financing cost, capital structure and/or discount rate expectations of current market participants combined with estimated loan cash flows based on credit losses, payment rates and expectations of borrowers ability to make payments on a timely basis. 
 
 Note 11. 
 million shares of preferred stock with a par value of and million shares of common stock with a par value of . 
 Share repurchases ) ) ) Share-based compensation activity Balance at end of year 
 Earnings Per Share 
 We calculate basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) based on net income, which approximates income available to common shareholders for each period. Basic EPS is calculated using the two-class method, which includes the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period and restricted stock units to be paid in stock that are deemed participating securities as they provide nonforfeitable rights to dividends. Diluted EPS considers the dilutive effect of all potential future common stock, including stock options. 
 Dilutive effect of stock options Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, stock options to purchase million, million and million shares, respectively, of common stock were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 51 

Table of Contents ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications ) Reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Other Balance at January 1, 2022 ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications ) ) Reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 Other comprehensive income 
 ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Recognition of prior service cost ) ) ) ) ) ) Pension and postretirement benefits adjustments, net ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) ) Business disposition Foreign currency translation adjustments, net ) ) ) ) ) Deferred gains (losses) on hedge contracts: Current deferrals ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments ) ) ) ) Deferred gains (losses) on hedge contracts, net ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 These components of other comprehensive income are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 15 for additional information. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12. 
 operating segments: Textron Aviation, Bell, Textron Systems, Industrial, Textron eAviation and Finance. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 1. 
 Textron Aviation products include Citation jets, King Air and Caravan turboprop aircraft, military trainer and defense aircraft, piston engine aircraft, and aftermarket part sales and services sold to a diverse base of corporate and individual buyers, and U.S. and non-U.S. governments. 
 Bell products include military and commercial helicopters, tiltrotor aircraft and related spare parts and services. Bell supplies military helicopters and, in association with The Boeing Company, military tiltrotor aircraft, and aftermarket services to the U.S. and non-U.S. governments. Bell also supplies commercial helicopters and aftermarket services to corporate, private, law enforcement, utility, public safety and emergency medical helicopter operators, and U.S. and foreign governments. 
 Textron Systems products and services include unmanned aircraft systems, electronic systems and solutions, advanced marine craft, piston aircraft engines, live military air-to-air and air-to-ship training, weapons and related components, and armored and specialty vehicles for U.S. and international military, government and commercial customers. 
 Industrial products and markets include the following: 
 Fuel Systems and Functional Components products consist of blow-molded plastic fuel systems, including conventional plastic fuel tanks and pressurized fuel tanks for hybrid applications, clear-vision systems, plastic tanks for selective catalytic reduction systems and battery housing systems for use in electric vehicles that are marketed primarily to automobile OEMs; and 
 Specialized Vehicles products include golf cars, off-road utility vehicles, recreational side-by-side and all-terrain vehicles, snowmobiles, light transportation vehicles, aviation ground support equipment, professional turf-maintenance equipment and turf-care vehicles that are marketed primarily to golf courses and resorts, government agencies and municipalities, consumers, outdoor enthusiasts, and commercial and industrial users. 
 The Textron eAviation segment manufactures a family of light aircraft and gliders with both electric and combustion engines, and also performs other research and development initiatives related to sustainable aviation solutions. 
 The Finance segment provides financing primarily to purchasers of new and pre-owned Textron Aviation aircraft and Bell helicopters. 
 Segment profit is an important measure used for evaluating performance and for decision-making purposes. Segment profit for the manufacturing segments includes non-service components of net periodic benefit cost/(income) and excludes interest expense, net; certain corporate expenses; gains/losses on major business dispositions; special charges; and an inventory charge related to the 2020 COVID-19 restructuring plan, as discussed in Note 16. The measurement for the Finance segment includes interest income and expense along with intercompany interest income and expense. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Bell Textron Systems Industrial Textron eAviation ) Finance Total Corporate expenses and other, net ) ) ) Interest expense, net for Manufacturing group ) ) ) Special charges ) ) Inventory charge ) Gain on business disposition Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
 See Note 16 for additional information. 
 Bell Textron Systems Industrial Textron eAviation Finance Corporate Total 
 Geographic Data 
 Europe Other international Total 
 Revenues are attributed to countries based on the location of the customer. 
 Property, plant and equipment, net is based on the location of the asset. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13. 
 Aftermarket parts and services Textron Aviation Military aircraft and support programs Commercial helicopters, parts and services Bell Textron Systems Fuel systems and functional components Specialized vehicles Industrial Textron eAviation Finance Total revenues 
 Our revenues for our segments by customer type and geographic location are presented below: 
 (In millions) Textron Aviation Bell Textron Systems Industrial Textron eAviation Finance Total 2022 Customer type: Commercial U.S. Government Total revenues Geographic location: United States Europe Other international Total revenues 2021 Customer type: Commercial U.S. Government Total revenues Geographic location: United States Europe Other international Total revenues 2020 Customer type: Commercial U.S. Government Total revenues Geographic location: United States Europe Other international Total revenues 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 billion in remaining performance obligations of which we expect to recognize revenues of approximately through 2024, an additional through 2026, and the balance thereafter. 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 million and million, respectively, and contract liabilities totaled billion and billion, respectively, reflecting timing differences between revenues recognized, billings and payments from customers. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized revenues of million, million and million, respectively, that were included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of each year. 
 
 Note 14. 
 million shares is authorized for issuance for all purposes under the Plan plus any shares that become available upon cancellation, forfeiture or expiration of awards granted under the 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan. No more than million shares may be awarded pursuant to incentive stock options, and no more than million shares may be issued pursuant to awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance stock, performance share units or other awards that are payable in shares. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, the awards granted under this Plan primarily included stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units. 
 Share-based compensation costs are reflected primarily in selling and administrative expense. 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) Total compensation expense included in net income 
 Compensation cost for awards subject only to service conditions that vest ratably is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award utilizing an estimated forfeiture rate. Our awards include continued vesting provisions for retirement eligible employees. Upon reaching retirement eligibility, the service requirement for these individuals is considered to have been satisfied and compensation expense for future awards is recognized on the date of the grant. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had not recognized million of total compensation costs associated with unvested awards subject only to service conditions. We expect to recognize compensation expense for these awards over a weighted-average period of approximately . We typically grant stock appreciation rights to selected non-U.S. employees. At December 31, 2022, outstanding stock appreciation rights totaled with a weighted-average exercise price of and a weighted-average remaining contractual life of years; these units had an intrinsic value of million, compared to million at January 1, 2022. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock option compensation expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Options to purchase our shares have a maximum term of and generally vest ratably over a period. Stock option compensation cost is calculated under the fair value approach using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of options granted on the date of grant. The expected volatility used in this model is based on historical volatilities and implied volatilities from traded options on our common stock. The expected term is based on historical option exercise data, which is adjusted to reflect any anticipated changes in expected behavior. 
 We grant options annually on the first day of March. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Dividend yield Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) 
 Granted Exercised ) ) Forfeited or expired ) ) Outstanding at end of year Exercisable at end of year 
 At December 31, 2022, our outstanding options had an aggregate intrinsic value of million and a weighted-average remaining contractual life of years. Our exercisable options had an aggregate intrinsic value of million and a weighted-average remaining contractual life of years at December 31, 2022. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 We issue restricted stock units that include the right to receive dividend equivalents and are settled in either cash or stock. Beginning in 2020, new grants of restricted stock units vest in full on the third anniversary of the grant date. Restricted stock units granted prior to 2020 vest one-third each in the third, fourth and fifth year following the year of the grant. Compensation cost is determined using the fair value of these units based on the trading price of our common stock. For units payable in stock, we use the trading price on the grant date, while units payable in cash are remeasured using the price at each reporting period date. 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at end of year, nonvested 
 Cash paid 
 Performance Share Units 
 The fair value of share-based compensation awards accounted for as liabilities includes performance share units, which are paid in cash in the first quarter of the year following vesting. Performance share units are subject to performance goals set at the beginning of the performance period and vest at the end of the performance period. These units are remeasured to fair value at the end of each reporting period based on the trading price of our common stock and the number of units, as adjusted based on assumptions with respect to performance on the relevant metrics. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) ) Outstanding at end of year, nonvested 
 Cash paid 
 
 Note 15. 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We also provide postretirement benefits other than pensions for certain retired employees in the U.S. that include healthcare, dental care, Medicare Part B reimbursement and life insurance. 
 A portion of our U.S. employees participate in the legacy defined benefit pension plans which were closed to new participants beginning on January 1, 2010. These legacy plans include the Textron Master Retirement Plan (TMRP), the Bell Helicopter Textron Master Retirement Plan, and the CWC Castings Division of Textron Inc. Hourly-Rated Employees' Pension Plan, which are each subject to the provisions of ERISA and provide a minimum guaranteed benefit to participants. The primary factors affecting the benefits earned by participants in our pension plans are employees years of service and compensation levels. Employees hired subsequent to the closure of these plans receive an additional annual cash contribution to their Textron Savings Plan account based on their eligible compensation of up to . 
 Periodic Benefit Cost (Income) 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost (income) ) ) ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI Current year actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) ) ) Current year prior service cost Amortization of net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit (cost) ) ) ) Total recognized in OCI, before taxes ) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost (income) and OCI ) ) ) ) ) 
 Excludes the cost associated with the defined contribution component that is included in certain of our U.S.-based defined benefit pension plans, of million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Service cost Interest cost Plan participants contributions Actuarial gains ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Plan amendment Foreign exchange rate changes and other ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in fair value of plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Foreign exchange rate changes and other ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) 
 Actuarial gains for both 2022 and 2021 were largely the result of changes in the discount rate utilized. 
 Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) ) ) Recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, pre-tax: Net loss (gain) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) ) ) 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, which included million and million, respectively, in accumulated benefit obligations for unfunded plans where funding is not permitted or in foreign environments where funding is not feasible. 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Expected long-term rate of return on assets Rate of compensation increase Benefit obligations at year-end Discount rate Rate of compensation increase Interest crediting rate for cash balance plans 
 As discussed in Note 1, actuarial gains and losses are amortized into net periodic pension cost based on either the remaining service period of the active participants or the remaining life expectancy of the inactive participants. As of January 2, 2021, almost all of the participants for our largest domestic plan, the TMRP, were considered inactive largely due to actions taken in prior years to close the plan to new entrants. Accordingly, the amortization period for this plan changed to the average remaining life expectancy of the participant; this change reduced 2021 pension cost by approximately million. 
 
 Our assumed healthcare cost trend rate for both the medical and prescription drug cost was and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect this rate to gradually decline to by where we assume it will remain. 
 Pension Assets 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is determined based on a variety of considerations, including the established asset allocation targets and expectations for those asset classes, historical returns of the plans assets and other market considerations. We invest our pension assets with the objective of achieving a total rate of return over the long term that will be sufficient to fund future pension obligations and to minimize future pension contributions. We are willing to tolerate a commensurate level of risk to achieve this objective based on the funded status of the plans and the long-term nature of our pension liability. Risk is controlled by maintaining a portfolio of assets that is diversified across a variety of asset classes, investment styles and investment managers. Where possible, investment managers are prohibited from owning our securities in the portfolios that they manage on our behalf. 
 For U.S. plan assets, which represent the majority of our plan assets, asset allocation target ranges are established consistent with our investment objectives, and the assets are rebalanced periodically. For Non-U.S. plan assets, allocations are based on expected cash flow needs and assessments of the local practices and markets. 
 to International equity securities to Global equities to Debt securities to Real estate to Private investment partnerships to Non-U.S. Plan Assets Equity securities to Debt securities to Real estate to 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Equity securities: Domestic International Mutual funds Debt securities: National, state and local governments Corporate debt Private investment partnerships Real estate Total 
 Cash and equivalents, equity securities and debt securities include commingled funds, which represent investments in funds offered to institutional investors that are similar to mutual funds in that they provide diversification by holding various equity and debt securities. The fair value of the commingled funds is determined and published by the fund's investment managers and is the basis for current transactions, therefore, they are categorized as Level 1 in the table above; certain of these funds were previously categorized as not subject to leveling and the prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. Debt securities are valued based on same day actual trading prices, if available. If such prices are not available, we use a matrix pricing model with historical prices, trends and other factors. 
 Private investment partnerships represents interests in funds which invest in equity, debt and other financial assets. These funds are generally not publicly traded so the interests therein are valued using income and market methods that include cash flow projections and market multiples for various comparable investments. Real estate includes owned properties and limited partnership interests in real estate partnerships. Owned properties are valued using certified appraisals at least every that are updated at least annually by the real estate investment manager based on current market trends and other available information. These appraisals generally use the standard methods for valuing real estate, including forecasting income and identifying current transactions for comparable real estate to arrive at a fair value. Limited partnership interests in real estate partnerships are valued similarly to private investment partnerships, with the general partner using standard real estate valuation methods to value the real estate properties and securities held within their portfolios. Neither private investment nor real estate partnerships are subject to leveling within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Unrealized gains (losses), net ) Realized gains, net Purchases, sales and settlements, net ) Balance at end of year 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 million to our pension plans. Benefit payments provided below reflect expected future employee service, as appropriate, and are expected to be paid, net of estimated participant contributions. These payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure our benefit obligation at the end of 2022. While pension benefit payments primarily will be paid out of qualified pension trusts, we will pay postretirement benefits other than pensions out of our general corporate assets. 
 Postretirement benefits other than pensions 
 
 Note 16. 
 special charges recorded in 2022. 
 Total special charges 2020 Textron Aviation Industrial Textron Systems Corporate Total special charges 
 2020 COVID-19 Restructuring Plan 
 In 2020, we initiated a restructuring plan to reduce operating expenses through headcount reductions, facility consolidations and other actions in response to the economic challenges and uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Upon completion of this plan, we had incurred total charges of million, which included severance costs of million, asset impairment charges of million and contract terminations and other costs of million. Of these amounts, million was incurred at Industrial, million at Textron Systems, million at Textron Aviation, and million at Corporate. 
 
 In connection with this plan, we ceased manufacturing at TRU Canada's facility in Montreal, resulting in a production suspension of our commercial air transport simulators. As a result of this action and market conditions, we incurred an inventory valuation charge of million in 2020 to write-down TRU Canada s inventory to its net realizable value and recorded the charge in cost of sales. 
 2020 Other Charges 
 In 2020, due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced decreased demand for our products and services as our customers delayed or ceased orders due to the environment of economic uncertainty. In light of these conditions, Textron Aviation had temporarily shut down most aircraft production. Based on these events, we performed an interim impairment test of the indefinite-lived Beechcraft and King Air trade name intangible assets and recorded an impairment charge of million. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for 2020 COVID-19 restructuring plan Cash paid ) ) ) Reversals ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at January 1, 2022 Cash paid ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 million is expected to be paid in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Note 17. 
 
 Non-U.S. Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
 ) State ) Non-U.S. ) Deferred expense (benefit): Federal ) State ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Increase (decrease) resulting from: Research and development tax credits (a) ) ) ) Foreign-derived intangible income deduction (b) ) State income taxes (net of federal impact) ) Non-U.S. tax rate differential and foreign tax credits (c) State income tax audit settlement (net of federal impact) ) Outside basis difference in assets held for sale ) Other, net ) ) ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 (a) In 2020, the benefit of research and development tax credits as a percentage of pre-tax income was higher than other periods primarily due to lower pre-tax income. 
 (b) In 2022, the foreign-derived intangible income deduction is primarily due to the impact of capitalizing research and development expenditures for tax-purposes effective on January 1, 2022 as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. 
 million inventory charge and special charges in a non-U.S. jurisdiction where tax benefits cannot be realized, along with a million tax expense related to a decision to dividend back cash from select non-U.S. jurisdictions to the U.S., partially offset by a million valuation allowance release. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 Our unrecognized tax benefits represent tax positions for which reserves have been established, with unrecognized state tax benefits reflected net of applicable federal tax benefits. At the end of 2022, 2021 and 2020, if our unrecognized tax benefits were recognized in future periods, they would favorably impact our effective tax rate. 
 Additions for tax positions related to current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for settlements and expiration of statute of limitations (a) ) ) Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) Balance at end of year 
 (a) In 2020, certain tax positions related to state tax attributes were reduced by million based on an audit settlement with respect to certain state income tax returns. 
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by tax authorities throughout the world. We are generally no longer subject to U.S. federal tax examinations for years before 2014, state and local income tax examinations for years before 2017, and non-U.S. income tax examinations for years before 2011. In 2019, we filed U.S. federal amended returns for 2012 and 2013 for additional research and development tax credits that are subject to examination. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. operating loss and tax credit carryforwards (b) Accrued liabilities (c) Obligation for pension and postretirement benefits Deferred compensation Operating lease liabilities Non-U.S. operating loss and tax credit carryforwards (d) Prepaid pension benefits (e) ) ) Property, plant and equipment, principally depreciation ) ) Amortization of goodwill and other intangibles ) ) Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other leasing transactions, principally leveraged leases ) ) Other, net ) Deferred taxes, net 
 (a) Effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, research and development expenditures must be capitalized and amortized for tax-purposes as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022, U.S. operating loss and tax credit carryforward benefits of million expire through 2042 if not utilized and million may be carried forward indefinitely. 
 (c) Accrued liabilities include warranty reserves, self-insured liabilities and interest. 
 (d) At December 31, 2022, non-U.S. operating loss and tax credit carryforward benefits of million may be carried forward indefinitely. 
 (e) Prepaid pension benefits increased due to the annual valuation adjustment. 
 We believe earnings during the period when the temporary differences become deductible will be sufficient to realize the related future income tax benefits. For those jurisdictions where the expiration date of tax carryforwards or the projected operating results indicate that realization is not more than likely, a valuation allowance is provided. 
 Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Finance group Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 Non-U.S. and U.S. state income taxes have not been provided for on basis differences in certain investments, primarily as a result of unremitted earnings in foreign subsidiaries that are indefinitely reinvested, totaling billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at January 1, 2022. Should these earnings be distributed in the future in the form of dividends or otherwise, we would be subject to withholding and local taxes to various non-U.S. jurisdictions and U.S. states. Determination of the deferred tax liability associated with indefinitely reinvested earnings is not practicable due to multiple factors, including the complexity of non-U.S. tax laws and tax treaty interpretations, exchange rate fluctuations, and the uncertainty of available credits or exemptions. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Note 18. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. 
 Environmental Remediation 
 As with other industrial enterprises engaged in similar businesses, we are involved in a number of remedial actions under various federal and state laws and regulations relating to the environment that impose liability on companies to clean up, or contribute to the cost of cleaning up, sites on which hazardous wastes or materials were disposed or released. Our accrued environmental liabilities relate to installation of remediation systems, disposal costs, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency oversight costs, legal fees, and operating and maintenance costs for both currently and formerly owned or operated facilities. Circumstances that can affect the reliability and precision of the accruals include the identification of additional sites, environmental regulations, level of cleanup required, technologies available, number and financial condition of other contributors to remediation and the time period over which remediation may occur. We believe that any changes to the accruals that may result from these factors and uncertainties will not have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Based upon information currently available, we estimate that our potential environmental liabilities are within the range of million to million. At December 31, 2022, of million have been established to address these specific estimated liabilities. We estimate that we will likely pay our accrued environmental remediation liabilities over the next and have classified million as current liabilities. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, to evaluate and remediate contaminated sites, we incurred expense, net of recoveries received, of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 19. 
 Finance group Net taxes paid: Manufacturing group Finance group 

66 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Textron Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets of Textron Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the related Consolidated Statements of Operations, Comprehensive Income, Shareholders Equity and Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule contained on page 70 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue Recognition - Estimates at Completion for Select Long Term Contracts Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, revenues under long-term contracts with the U.S. Government are generally recognized over time using the cost-to-cost method of accounting. Under this method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the estimated costs at completion, and revenue is recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Contract costs, which are estimated utilizing current contract specifications and expected engineering requirements, typically are incurred over a period of several years, and the estimation of these costs at completion requires substantial judgment. The Company s cost estimation process is based on professional knowledge and experience of engineers and program managers along with finance professionals. The Company updates its projections of costs quarterly or more frequently when circumstances significantly change. When adjustments are required, any changes from prior estimates are recognized using the cumulative catch-up method with the impact of the change from inception-to-date of the contract recorded in the current period and required disclosure is provided in the consolidated financial statements. Anticipated losses on contracts are recognized in full in the period in which losses become probable and estimable. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Auditing the Company s estimated costs at completion for select long-term contracts was challenging and complex due to the judgment involved in evaluating management s assumptions and key estimates over the duration of these long-term contracts. The estimated costs at completion for the select long-term contracts consider risks surrounding the Company s ability to achieve the technical requirements and specifications of the contract, schedule, and other cost elements of the contract, and depend on whether the Company is able to successfully retire risks surrounding such aspects of the contract. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls related to the Company s revenue recognition process, including controls over management s review of the estimated costs at completion for the select long-term contracts and related key assumptions and management s review that the data underlying the estimated costs at completion was complete and accurate. 
 To test the accuracy of the Company s estimated costs at completion for the select long-term contracts, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the key assumptions used by management to determine such estimate. This included evaluating the historical accuracy of management s estimates by comparing planned costs to actual costs incurred to date. We also tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data back to source documents and contracts. Defined Benefit Pension Obligations Description of the Matter As described in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, at December 31, 2022, the aggregate qualified defined benefit pension obligation was 6.8 billion and the fair value of pension plan assets was 7.9 billion, resulting in a net pension asset of 1.1 billion. As explained in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company updates the estimates used to measure the defined benefit pension obligation and plan assets annually in the fourth quarter or upon a remeasurement event to reflect the actual return on plan assets and updated actuarial assumptions. 
 Auditing the defined benefit pension obligations was complex due to the highly judgmental nature of the actuarial assumptions (e.g., discount rate, mortality rate, expected return on plan assets) used in the measurement process. These assumptions have a significant effect on the projected benefit obligation. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the measurement and valuation of the defined benefit pension obligation. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the defined benefit pension obligation actuarial calculations, the significant actuarial assumptions, and the data inputs provided to the actuaries. To test the defined benefit pension obligation, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodology used, the significant actuarial assumptions discussed above, and the underlying data used by management and its actuaries. We compared the actuarial assumptions used by management to historical trends and evaluated the change in the defined benefit pension obligation from the prior year due to the change in service cost, interest cost, benefit payments, actuarial gains and losses, contributions, new mortality assumptions and plan amendments, as applicable. In addition, we involved an actuarial specialist to assist in evaluating management s methodology for determining the discount rate that reflects the maturity and duration of the benefit payments and is used to measure the defined benefit pension obligation. As part of this assessment, we compared the projected cash flows to prior year and compared the current year benefits paid to the prior year projected cash flows. To evaluate the mortality rate, we assessed whether the information is consistent with publicly available information and entity-specific data. We also tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data, including the participant data provided to the Company s actuaries. Lastly, to evaluate the expected return on plan assets, we assessed whether management s assumption is consistent with a range of returns for a portfolio of comparative investments. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1957. 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Provision (reversal) for credit losses ) Deductions from reserves ) ) ) Balance at end of year Allowance for credit losses on finance receivables Balance at beginning of year Provision (reversal) for credit losses ) ) Charge-offs ) Recoveries Balance at end of year Inventory FIFO reserves Balance at beginning of year Charged to costs and expenses Deductions from reserves ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 Deductions primarily include amounts written off on uncollectible accounts (less recoveries), inventory disposals, changes to prior year estimates, business dispositions and currency translation adjustments. 
 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The evaluation was performed with the participation of senior management of each business segment and key Corporate functions, under the supervision of our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Based on this evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were operating and effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Textron Inc. as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Our internal control structure is designed to provide reasonable assurance, at appropriate cost, that assets are safeguarded and that transactions are properly executed and recorded. The internal control structure includes, among other things, established policies and procedures, an internal audit function, the selection and training of qualified personnel as well as management oversight. 
 With the participation of our management, we performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on our evaluation under the 2013 Framework, we have concluded that Textron Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP (PCAOB ID: ), has audited the Consolidated Financial Statements of Textron Inc. and has issued an attestation report on Textron s internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in its report, which is included herein. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Textron Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Textron Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Textron, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the related Consolidated Statements of Operations, Comprehensive Income, Shareholders' Equity and Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule contained on page 70, of the Company and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 16, 2023 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information appearing under ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Nominees for Director, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Guidelines and Policies, Code of Ethics, and Board Committees Audit Committee , in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Information regarding our executive officers is contained in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information appearing under CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Compensation of Directors, COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT, COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS and EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information appearing under SECURITY OWNERSHIP and EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information appearing under CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Independence and EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Transactions with Related Persons in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information appearing under RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Fees to Independent Auditors in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial Statements and Schedules See Index on Page 32. 
 Exhibits 3.1A Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Textron as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on April 29, 2010. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2010. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 3.1B Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Textron Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on April 27, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 2, 2011. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Textron Inc., effective April 28, 2010 and further amended April 27, 2011, July 23, 2013, February 25, 2015 and December 6, 2016. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Textron s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2016. 
 4.1A Support Agreement dated as of May 25, 1994, between Textron Inc. and Textron Financial Corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 4.1B Amendment to Support Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2015, by and between Textron Inc. and Textron Financial Corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1B to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-5480). 
 4.2 Description of registrant s securities. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Textron's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 4, 2020. 
 NOTE: Instruments defining the rights of holders of certain issues of long-term debt of Textron have not been filed as exhibits because the authorized principal amount of any one of such issues does not exceed 10 of the total assets of Textron and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Textron agrees to furnish a copy of each such instrument to the Commission upon request. NOTE: Exhibits 10.1 through 10.17 below are management contracts or compensatory plans, contracts or agreements. 10.1A Textron Inc. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of April 28, 2010). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2012. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.1B Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2007. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.1C Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 29, 2014. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Textron Inc. Short-Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 3, 2020. 
 10.3A Textron Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 4, 2015 (SEC File No. 1-5480). 
 10.3B Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 2, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-5480). 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 10.3C Form of Stock-Settled Restricted Stock Unit (with Dividend Equivalents) Grant Agreement under 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 2, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-5480). 
 10.3D Form of Performance Share Unit Grant Agreement under 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 2, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-5480). 
 10.3E Form of Performance Share Unit Grant Agreement under 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 4, 2020. 
 10.3F Form of Stock-Settled Restricted Stock Unit (with Dividend Equivalents) Grant Agreement under 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 4, 2020. 
 10.4 Textron Spillover Savings Plan, effective October 5, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-5480). 
 10.5A Textron Spillover Pension Plan, As Amended and Restated Effective January 3, 2010, including Appendix A (as amended and restated effective January 3, 2010), Defined Benefit Provisions of the Supplemental Benefits Plan for Textron Key Executives (As in effect before January 1, 2007). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2010. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.5B Amendments to the Textron Spillover Pension Plan, dated October 12, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5B to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.5C Second Amendment to the Textron Spillover Pension Plan, dated October 7, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5C to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2013. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.6 Deferred Income Plan for Textron Executives, Effective October 5, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-5480). 
 10.7A Deferred Income Plan for Non-Employee Directors, As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2009, including Appendix A, Prior Plan Provisions (As in effect before January 1, 2008). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2009. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.7B Amendment No. 1 to Deferred Income Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2009, dated as of November 6, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8B to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2012. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.7C Amendment No. 2 to Deferred Income Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 1, 2017. 
 10.7D Amendment No. 3 to Deferred Income Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2018. 
 10.7E Amendment No. 4 to Deferred Income Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7E to Textron's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 4, 2020. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 10.8A Severance Plan for Textron Key Executives, As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2010. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2010. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.8B First Amendment to the Severance Plan for Textron Key Executives, dated October 26, 2010. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10B to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2011. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.8C Second Amendment to the Severance Plan for Textron Key Executives, dated March 24, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 29, 2014. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.9 Form of Indemnity Agreement between Textron and its executive officers. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2017. 
 10.10 Form of Indemnity Agreement between Textron and its non-employee directors (approved by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors on July 21, 2009 and entered into with all non-employee directors, effective as of August 1, 2009 or as of such later date as the director joined the Board). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 3, 2009. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.11A Letter Agreement between Textron and Scott C. Donnelly, dated June 26, 2008. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 28, 2008. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.11B Amendment to Letter Agreement between Textron and Scott C. Donnelly, dated December 16, 2008, together with Addendum No.1 thereto, dated December 23, 2008. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15B to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2009. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.11C Amended and Restated Hangar License and Services Agreement, made and entered into as of October 1, 2015, between Textron Inc. and Mr. Donnelly s limited liability company. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 3, 2015 (SEC File No. 1-5480). 
 10.11D Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement, made and entered into as of December 18, 2018, between Mr. Donnelly s limited liability company and Textron Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11D to Textron's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2018. 
 10.12A Letter Agreement between Textron and Frank Connor, dated July 27, 2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 3, 2009. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.12B Amended and Restated Hangar License and Services Agreement, made and entered into on July 24, 2015, between Textron Inc. and Mr. Connor s limited liability company. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 3, 2015 (SEC File No. 1-5480). 
 10.13 Letter Agreement between Textron and Julie G. Duffy, dated July 27, 2017. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2017. 
 10.14A Letter Agreement between Textron and E. Robert Lupone, dated December 22, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.14B Amendment to letter agreement between Textron and E. Robert Lupone, dated July 27, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2012. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 10.15 Textron Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Equity Program for Non-Employee Directors. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Textron's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 4, 2020 . 
 10.16 Director Compensation. 
 10.17 Form of Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement between Textron and its executive officers. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2008. (SEC File No. 1-5480) 
 10.18 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 21 , 20 22 , among Textron, the Lenders listed therein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. and Citibank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Documentation Agent. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Textron s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended Octobe r 1 , 20 22 . 
 21 Certain subsidiaries of Textron. Other subsidiaries, which considered in the aggregate do not constitute a significant subsidiary, are omitted from such list. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24 Power of attorney. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following materials from Textron Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 16th day of February 2023. 
 TEXTRON INC. Registrant By: /s/ Frank T. Connor Frank T. Connor Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below on this 16th day of February 2023 by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated: 
 Name Title /s/ Scott C. Donnelly Scott C. Donnelly Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Richard F. Ambrose Director Kathleen M. Bader Director R. Kerry Clark Director James T. Conway Director Ralph D. Heath Director Deborah Lee James Director Thomas A. Kennedy Director Lionel L. Nowell III Director James L. Ziemer Director Maria T. Zuber Director /s/ Frank T. Connor Frank T. Connor Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) /s/ Mark S. Bamford Mark S. Bamford Vice President and Corporate Controller (principal accounting officer) By: /s/ Jayne M. Donegan Jayne M. Donegan, Attorney-in-fact 
 77 

<EX-10.16>
 2
 q4202210k-exx1016.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 
 Exhibit 10.16 

 TEXTRON INC. 
 COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS SUMMARY 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 
 (EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 2023) 
 
 COMPENSATION 
 
 Cash Retainer Non-employee directors receive an annual cash retainer of 130,000 which is paid in quarterly installments at the end of each full calendar quarter. Payments are prorated for partial calendar quarters served. 
 
 Committee chairpersons are paid an additional annual retainer, as follows Audit, 15,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance, 20,000 and Organization and Compensation, 25,000. The Lead Director is paid an additional 45,000 annual retainer. Audit Committee members (including the Audit Committee chairperson) are paid an additional 15,000 annual retainer. The additional retainers are paid in cash in quarterly installments at the end of each full quarter, and payments are prorated for partial calendar quarters served. 
 Equity Program Each year, each non-employee director elected at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders shall be granted Restricted Stock Units RSUs valued at 165,000 as of the date of the Annual Meeting. The RSUs will be issued under, and subject to the terms of, the Textron Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Equity Program for Non-Employee Directors. RSUs granted at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders will vest one year from the date of grant. Pro rata grants of RSUs issued to non-employee directors for a partial year of service will vest as of the date of the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Upon vesting, the RSUs will be settled in shares of Common Stock, however directors may elect to defer settlement of the RSUs until his or her separation from Board service. 
 Meeting Fees There are no fees payable for attendance at any Board or committee meetings. DEFERRED INCOME PLAN 
 Any percentage of the cash portion of the annual Board retainer 130,000) or any percentage of the additional retainers may be deferred into either the stock unit account or an interest-bearing account under the Deferred Income Plan for Non-Employee Directors. OTHER Expenses Reasonable travel, lodging and incidental expenses in connection with meetings are reimbursed. Matching Gift Program 
 The Textron Charitable Trust will match Director contributions from a minimum gift of 25 to an aggregate maximum of 7,500 annually to any mix of cultural, educational, environmental or hospital institutions on a 1 for 1 basis. 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21>
 3
 q4202210k-exx21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 Certain Subsidiaries of Textron Inc. 
 (Unless indicated otherwise, all entities listed are wholly-owned.) 
 Other subsidiaries, which considered in the aggregate do not constitute a significant subsidiary, are omitted from this list. 
 
 Name Jurisdiction TEXTRON INC. Delaware Avco Corporation Delaware United Industrial Corporation Delaware Textron Systems Corporation Maryland AAI Services Corporation Maryland Airborne Tactical Advantage Company, LLC 
 Colorado Howe & Howe Inc. Delaware Overwatch Systems, Ltd. Delaware Medical Numerics, Inc. Virginia Textron Systems Canada Inc. Ontario Opto-Electronics Inc. Ontario Textron Systems Electronic Systems UK (Holdings) Limited England Textron Systems Electronic Systems UK Limited England Textron Systems Australia Holding Pty Ltd 
 Australia Textron Systems Australia Pty Ltd Australia Bell Textron Co., Ltd Japan Bell Textron LLC Japan Bell Textron Inc. Delaware Aeronautical Accessories LLC Tennessee Bell Textron Miami Inc. Delaware Bell Textron Rhode Island Inc. Delaware Response Technologies, LLC Rhode Island Bell Textron Services Inc. Delaware Bell Textron Asia (Pte.) Ltd. Singapore Zhenjiang Bell Textron Aviation Services Limited PRC Bell Textron Korea Inc. Delaware Bell Textron Technical Services Inc. Delaware B K Navigational Equipment sro Czech Republic Bell Textron Prague, a.s. (67 33 - Bell Textron Services Inc.) 
 Czech Republic Aviation Service servis letal, doo, Ljubljana Slovenia Kautex Inc. Delaware McCord Corporation Michigan Kautex of Georgia Inc. Massachusetts MillenWorks California Premiair Aviation Maintenance Pty Ltd Australia Eagle Copters Maintenance Pty Ltd Australia Textron Atlantic LLC Delaware Bell Textron Supply Center BV Netherlands Bell Textron Canada Limited Limit e Canada Bell Textron Canada International Inc. Canada Cessna Spanish Citation Service Center SLU Spain Cessna Zurich Citation Service Center GmbH Switzerland Cessna Consulting (Shenyang) Co., Ltd. PRC Textron Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. PRC Kautex Textron CVS Limited England Kautex Textron Ib rica SL Spain Kautex Craiova srl (99.9797 0.0203 - Bell Textron Supply Center BV) 
 Romania Kautex Textron do Brasil Ltda. (99.9 1 share - Bell Textron Supply Center BV) 
 Brazil Kautex Textron Portugal Produtos Pl sticos, Sociedade Unipessoal, Lda. Portugal LLC Textron RUS (99.98 0.02 - Textron Limited) 
 Russian Federation Textron Capital BV Netherlands Kautex Textron GmbH & Co. KG (94.82 5.18 - Bell Textron Supply Center BV) 
 Germany Cessna D sseldorf Citation Service Center GmbH Germany Textron Aviation Prague Service Center sro Czech Republic Kautex (Changchun) Plastics Technology Co., Ltd. PRC Kautex Germany Holding GmbH Germany Kautex Corporation Nova Scotia Kautex Textron Benelux BVBA (99.9 1 share Kautex Textron Ib rica SL) 
 Belgium Kautex Textron Bohemia spol sro Czech Republic Kautex Japan KK Japan Kautex Shanghai GmbH Germany 

Name 
 Jurisdiction TEXTRON INC. Delaware Textron Atlantic LLC Delaware Bell Textron Supply Center BV 
 Netherlands Textron Capital BV 
 Netherlands Kautex Textron GmbH & Co. KG (94.82 5.18 - Bell Textron Supply Center BV) 
 Germany Kautex Germany Holding GmbH Germany Kautex Shanghai GmbH (continued from prior page) 
 Germany Kautex (Chongqing) Plastic Technology Co., Ltd. PRC Kautex (Guangzhou) Plastic Technology Co., Ltd. PRC Kautex (Pinghu) Plastic Technology Co., Ltd. PRC Kautex (Wuhan) Plastic Technology Co., Ltd. PRC Kautex (Shanghai) Plastic Technology Co., Ltd. PRC Kautex Textron de Mexico, S de RL de CV (99.97 0.03 - Bell Textron Supply Center BV) 
 Mexico Kautex Textron Management Services Company de Puebla, S. de RL de CV (98 2 - Bell Textron Supply Center BV) 
 Mexico Textron Motors GmbH Germany Textron SI d.o.o. 
 Slovenia PIPISTREL d.o.o. (90 10 Ivo Boscarol) 
 Slovenia PIPISTREL VERTICAL SOLUTIONS d.o.o. (90 10 Ivo Boscarol) 
 Slovenia PIPISTREL ITALIA S.R.L. (90 10 Ivo Boscarol) 
 Italy Textron France Holding SAS (99.9 1 share Textron France SAS) 
 France Cessna Citation European Service Center SAS (99.9 1 share Textron France SAS) 
 France Textron France SAS 
 France Ransomes Jacobsen France SAS 
 France Bell Textron Valencia, S.L.U. Spain E-Z-GO Canada Limited Canada TekGPS Engineering Srl 
 Romania Ransomes Investment LLC Delaware Cushman Inc. Delaware Ransomes Inc. Wisconsin Textron Limited England Doncaster Citation Service Centre Limited England Kautex Textron (UK) Limited England Ransomes Limited England Ransomes Jacobsen Limited England Ransomes Pensions Trustee Company Limited 
 England Rotor Blades Limited England Textron UK Pension Trustee Limited England Textron Shared Service Centre (Canada) Inc. Canada Textron Verwaltungs-GmbH Germany Textron Aviation Canada Ltd. British Columbia Textron Aviation Inc. 
 Kansas Able Aerospace Services, Inc. Arizona Replacement Part Solutions, LLC Illinois Arkansas Aerospace, Inc. Arkansas Beech Aircraft Corporation Kansas Beechcraft Domestic Service Company Kansas Beechcraft International Service Company Kansas Beechcraft International Holding LLC Delaware Hawker Beechcraft Argentina SA (95 5 - Arkansas Aerospace, Inc.) 
 Argentina Textron Aviation Services de Mexico S de RL de CV (99 1 - HBC, LLC) 
 Mexico Cessna Mexico, S de RL de CV (99.97 0.03 - Citation Parts Distribution International, Inc.) 
 Mexico Citation Parts Distribution International, Inc. Kansas HBC, LLC Kansas Hawker Beech de Mexico, S de RL de CV 99 1 - HBC, LLC) 
 Mexico Textron Airland, LLC Delaware Textron Aviation Defense LLC Delaware Beechcraft Defense Support Holding, LLC Delaware Beechcraft New Zealand New Zealand Textron Aviation Rhode Island Inc. Delaware Textron Communications Inc. Delaware Textron Far East Pte. Ltd. Singapore Kautex (Tianjin) Automotive Technology Co., Ltd. PRC Textron India Private Limited (98.6 1.39 Beechcraft International Service Company 0.01 - Beechcraft International Holding LLC 1 share - Textron Atlantic LLC 1 share Textron Inc.) 
 India Textron Financial Corporation Delaware 

Name Jurisdiction TEXTRON INC. Delaware Textron Financial Corporation (continued from prior page) Delaware Cessna Finance Corporation Kansas Textron Finance Holding Company Delaware Cessna Finance Export Corporation Delaware Textron Aviation Finance Corporation Delaware Textron Financial Corporation Receivables Trust 2002-CP-2 Delaware Textron Fluid and Power Inc. Delaware Textron Global Services Inc. Delaware Textron International Mexico, S de RL de CV (99 1 - Textron Atlantic LLC) 
 Mexico Textron IPMP Inc. Delaware Textron Innovations Inc. Delaware Textron Management Services Inc. Delaware Textron Realty Corporation Delaware Textron eAviation Inc. Delaware Textron Specialized Vehicles Inc. Delaware Arctic Cat Inc. Minnesota Arctic Cat Production LLC Minnesota Arctic Cat Production Support LLC Minnesota Arctic Cat Sales Inc. Minnesota Arctic Cat ACE Holding GmbH Austria Arctic Cat GmbH Austria Arctic Cat France SARL France Arctic Cat UK Ltd. England MotorFist LLC Minnesota Arctic Cat Shared Services LLC Minnesota MillenWorks Themed Technologies California Textron Ground Support Equipment Inc. Delaware Textron Motors North America Inc. Delaware Textron Outdoor Power Equipment Inc. Delaware Textron Sweden AB Sweden TRU Simulation + Training Inc. Delaware OPINICUS Simulation and Training Services, LLC Delaware TRU Simulation + Training LLC California Turbine Engine Components Textron (Newington Operations) Inc. Connecticut Westminster Insurance Company Vermont 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 q4202210k-exx23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements Form S-8 No. 333-240117 pertaining to the Textron Savings Plan and the Textron Canada Savings Plan, Form S-8 No. 333-205932 pertaining to the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan, Form S-8 No. 333-144977 pertaining to the 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan, and Form S-3 No. 333-240116 pertaining to the automatic shelf registration of common stock, preferred stock, senior debt securities and subordinated debt securities of Textron Inc. of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the Consolidated Financial Statements and schedule of Textron Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Textron Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Textron Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 5
 q4202210k-exx24.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned, Textron Inc. Textron ), a Delaware corporation, and the undersigned directors and officers of Textron, do hereby constitute and appoint E. Robert Lupone, Janet S. Fogarty, and Jayne M. Donegan, and each of them, with full powers of substitution, their true and lawful attorneys and agents to do or cause to be done any and all acts and things and to execute and deliver any and all instruments and documents which said attorneys and agents, or any of them, may deem necessary or advisable in order to enable Textron to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing of Textron s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which is hereby approved by the undersigned, including specifically, but without limitation, power and authority to sign the names of the undersigned directors and officers in the capacities indicated below and to sign the names of such officers on behalf of Textron to such Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, to any and all amendments to such Annual Report, to any instruments or documents or other writings in which the original or copies thereof are to be filed as a part of or in connection with such Annual Report or amendments thereto, and to file or cause to be filed the same with the Securities and Exchange Commission and each of the undersigned hereby approves, ratifies and confirms all that such attorneys and agents, and each of them, shall do or cause to be done hereunder and such attorneys and agents, and each of them, shall have, and may exercise, all of the powers hereby conferred. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Textron has caused this Power of Attorney to be executed and delivered in its name and on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized officer and its corporate seal affixed, and each of the undersigned has signed his or her name thereto, as of the 16th day of February 2023. 
 
 TEXTRON INC. 

SEAL 
 By s Scott C. Donnelly 
 Scott C. Donnelly 
 Chairman,President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 

ATTEST 

s E. Robert Lupone 
 E. Robert Lupone 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, 
 Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 

s Scott C. Donnelly 
 Scott C. Donnelly 
 Chairman, President, Chief 
 Executive Officer and Director 
 (principal executive officer) 

s Richard F. Ambrose 
 Richard F. Ambrose 
 Director 
 
 s Kathleen M. Bader 
 Kathleen M. Bader 
 Director 

s R. Kerry Clark 
 R. Kerry Clark 
 Director 

s James T. Conway 
 James T. Conway 
 Director 

s Ralph D. Heath 
 Ralph D. Heath 
 Director 
 
 s Deborah Lee James 
 Deborah Lee James 
 Director 

s Thomas A. Kennedy 
 Thomas A. Kennedy 
 Director 

s Lionel L. Nowell III 
 Lionel L. Nowell III 
 Director 

s James L. Ziemer 
 James L. Ziemer 
 Director 

s Maria T. Zuber 
 Maria T. Zuber 
 Director 

s Frank T. Connor 
 Frank T. Connor 
 Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

s Mark S. Bamford 
 Mark S. Bamford 
 Vice President and Corporate Controller 
 (principal accounting officer) 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 q4202210k-exx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Scott C. Donnelly, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Textron Inc. certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Textron Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 s Scott C. Donnelly Scott C. Donnelly Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 q4202210k-exx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Frank T. Connor, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Textron Inc. certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Textron Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 s Frank T. Connor Frank T. Connor Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 q4202210k-exx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 TEXTRON INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Textron Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott C. Donnelly, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 s Scott C. Donnelly Scott C. Donnelly Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 q4202210k-exx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 TEXTRON INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Textron Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Frank T. Connor, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 s Frank T. Connor Frank T. Connor Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 txt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 txt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 txt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 txt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 txt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

