<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1855450_0001213900-23-024205.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4005487</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>206191</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>798060</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>903125</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1052352</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>947981</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024205.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329184631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024205
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LAVA Medtech Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855450
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				862973712
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40965
		FILM NUMBER:		23776680

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		303 WYMAN ST STE 300
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451
		BUSINESS PHONE:		416.213.4223

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		303 WYMAN ST STE 300
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024205.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_lavamedtech.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year
ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from ____ to ____ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address, Including Zip
Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant s Principal Executive Offices) 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant LVACU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants included as part of the units LVACW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Auditor
PCAOB ID Number | Auditor Name: | Auditor Location: , 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock (Common Stock) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the close of business on June
30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately 
based on the closing sale price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on that date. The registrant does not have any non-voting
common equity. 

As
of March 29, 2023 there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares
of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 16 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 17 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 19 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 19 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 20 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 20 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 20 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 22 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 23 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 24 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 25 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 26 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary 
 26 

Signatures 
 
 28 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the
use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, 
 intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, 
 continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There
can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to,
any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not
statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may
differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between us and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack of an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and
their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

Class A common stock are to our shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are our shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

the Company are to LAVA Medtech Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation; 

DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same may be amended from time to time; 

ii 

directors are to our current directors; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

founder shares are to shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination as described herein; 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

initial public offering or IPO are to our initial public offering that was consummated on January 26, 2021, pursuant to which we sold 11,500,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, with each unit consisting of one of our public shares and one-third of one of our public warrants; 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public shares are to shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

Registration Statement are to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021 (File No. 333-259983), as amended 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

sponsor are to LAVA Medtech Sponsor LP, a Delaware limited partnership; 

trust account are to the trust account in which an amount of 117,875,000 10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units (as defined below) in the initial public offering and private placement warrants was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-third of one public warrant; 

warrants are to our public warrants and private placement warrants; and 

we, us, company or our company are to LAVA Medtech Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on March 31, 2021 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). 

We
are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. We are an early stage
and emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.
As of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. 

Initial Public Offering
and Concurrent Private Placement 

On
October 29, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 11,500,000 units Units with respect to the Class A common
stock included in the Units being offered (the Public Shares at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000.
Prior to the closing of our initial public offering, the underwriters for our initial public offering exercised their over-allotment option
in full. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering, we also consummated the sale of 7,500,000 private placement warrants Private
Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our sponsor, LAVA Medtech Sponsor
LP (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of 7,500,000. 

A
total of 117,875,000 comprising the proceeds from the initial public offering after offering expenses and a portion of the proceeds of
the sale of the private placement units, was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
acting as trustee. 

Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial
Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account excluding the deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial
Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully
effect a Business Combination. 

Business Strategy 

Our
acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify, acquire, and, after our initial business combination, build a company in the public
markets that complements the experience and expertise of our management team and of Lumira to build long-term stockholder value. We will
also apply the expertise of our management team and sponsor to provide us with a distinctive competitive advantage in sourcing and cultivating
high quality targets. Key components of our business strategy include: 

Focus on white-space opportunity with limited competition: Few healthcare SPACs are exclusively focused on MedTech and we believe we are appropriately-sized to target very promising pre-public companies generally not suitable for competing SPACs, many of which are capitalized at a level we believe limits the pool of emerging, high-growth companies they can acquire at attractive valuations. 

Utilize proprietary industry knowledge to curate promising targets: We will leverage longstanding, active relationships with company management teams, boards, and investors to identify a shortlist of high-quality potential targets within the MedTech space. We believe our network, reputation and existing target pipeline will enable timely target identification, negotiation and closing. 

Leverage management experience and full resources of the Lumira platform to build a high-value company: Our broader team possesses a multi-decade track record of investing together to build high-value, category-leading private and public MedTech companies. We will capitalize on their experience to drive stronger operational performance at our target company post-combination. 

Acquisition Criteria 

Consistent
with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective
target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into
our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to seek to acquire
one or more businesses that: 

Addresses significant unmet clinical needs and/or achieves cost reductions in large and growing markets; 

Demonstrates early commercial traction, or a clear path to near-term commercial launch; 

Possesses high gross margin potential; 

Has highly differentiated competitive advantages with robust intellectual property protection; 

Is led by a strong, public-ready management team with demonstrated track record of value creation; 

1 

Is an actionable target with an aligned board and investor syndicate; 

Articulates compelling use of proceeds and public equity growth capital; and 

Has multiple catalysts for value creation after de-SPACing combination. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. 

Our Acquisition Process 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational,
legal and other information which will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital planning experience. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that
is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. 

Members
of our management team may directly or indirectly own shares of our common stock and/or private placement warrants, and, accordingly,
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business
as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to
other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such
entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity and in the case of a non-compete restriction, may not present such opportunity
to us at all. 

Our
officers and directors may become an officer or director of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities intended
to be registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, even before we have entered into a definitive
agreement regarding our initial business combination. 

Initial Business Combination 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the
trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of
directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business
combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination
must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of
the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons. However, we
will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting
securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could
pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned
or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. If our initial business combination involves
more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will
treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval,
as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, these rules will not be applicable
to us. 

2 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors, which must include
a majority of our independent directors to approve our initial business combination (or such other vote as the applicable law or stock
exchange rules then in effect may require). 

Sourcing of Potential
Business Combination Targets 

We
believe our management team s significant operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us
with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team
have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities
of our management team sourcing, acquiring, financing and selling businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers,
financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic
and financial market conditions. 

We
believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team will provide us with important sources of acquisition opportunities.
In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including
investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. 

We
may pay our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, a finder s fee,
consulting fee or other compensation in connection with identifying, investigating and completing our initial business combination, which
may be paid from the proceeds held in the trust account upon consummation of an initial business combination. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event
we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or
a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us or in the case of a non-compete restriction,
may not present such opportunity to us at all. 

Status as a Public
Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we
offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this
situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for
a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more
certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering,
there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent
in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and
an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests. It can offer further benefits by
augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While
we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential
target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder
approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find
our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

3 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
 emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply
to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30 th and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion
in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies
may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited
financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value
of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues
exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30th. 

Financial Position 

With
funds available for a business combination in the amount of approximately 119,299,973, as of December 31, 2022, and after payment of up to 4,025,000 of deferred underwriting fees, in each case, before estimated offering and working capital expenses,
we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential
growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete
our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility
to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs
and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to
us. 

Effecting our Initial
Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our capital stock,
debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial
business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which
would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for
payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock,
we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or
expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing
our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. 

In
the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy
materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law or we
decide to do so for business or other reasons, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our
ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party
to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or
otherwise. 

Selection of a Target
Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the
trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market
value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the
financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not currently
intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination, although there is
no assurance that will be the case. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying
and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination
solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

4 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or
businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken
into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. There is no basis for investors in the IPO to evaluate the possible
merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational,
legal and other information which will be made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated
with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple
entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the
risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to
Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible
that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely
that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure
you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

5 

Stockholders May Not
Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange
rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons. 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 1 or more (or 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person is a substantial security holder); or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

The
decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval
is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; 

the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders 

Permitted Purchases
of our Securities 

In
the event we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase
shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial
business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares or warrants such persons may purchase. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event
our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a stockholder
vote relating to our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such
transaction. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in
such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information
not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include
a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner
thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. 

In
the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender
offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under
the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules,
the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The
purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining stockholder approval of our initial business combination or (ii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a
target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where
it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that
may not otherwise have been possible. 

6 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our securities may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders
of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors, advisors, and/or any of their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our
sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders
contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in
connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter
into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem
their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. Such persons would select the stockholders
from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such
person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per
share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M
under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange
Act will be restricted unless such purchases are made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation
under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied
with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted
from making purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. 

Redemption Rights
for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon
the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.25 per
public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder
must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business
combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to
which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner of Conducting
Redemptions 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon
the completion of our initial business combination either: (1) in onnection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business
combination; or (2) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of
the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would typically require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination
transaction with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a
stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions pursuant to a stockholder vote
unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

Conduct
the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

File
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

7 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender
offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more
than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that
we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we
have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 

If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to
obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

We
expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we
expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice
of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently
intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any stockholder vote even if we
are not able to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration. 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval, unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, we will complete our initial
business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company
representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting.
Our initial stockholders, officers and directors will count towards this quorum and have agreed to vote any founder shares and any public
shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds and agreements, may make it more
likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without
voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause
our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become
subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible
asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business
combination may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash to be transferred to the target for working
capital or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of
the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A
common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the
proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem
any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof and we instead may
search for an alternative business combination. 

8 

Limitation on Redemption
upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect
to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of
shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination
as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price
or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in
the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates
at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no
more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt
to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target
that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have, pursuant to a letter agreement entered into with us, waived their right to have any founder
shares or public shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination. Unless any of our other affiliates acquires founder
shares through a permitted transfer from an initial stockholder, and thereby becomes subject to the letter agreement, no such affiliate
is subject to this waiver. However, to the extent any such affiliate acquires public shares in the IPO or thereafter through open market
purchases, it would be a public stockholder and subject to the 15 limitation in connection with any such redemption right. 

Tendering Stock Certificates
in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer
documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve
the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial business
combination. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with
our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which
will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public
stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business
days prior to the scheduled vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if
it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than
20 business days and, in the case of a stockholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days
prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance
of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the
relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the
broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we
require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising
redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact
such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had
an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the
company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open
market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders
were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion
of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery
prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or two business
days prior to the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable (unless we elect to allow additional
withdrawal rights). Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption
rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that
the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders
of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we
will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target until 18 months from the closing of the IPO. 

9 

Redemption of Public
Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have only 18 months from the closing of the IPO to complete our initial business
combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such 18-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject
to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the 18-month time period. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
18 months from the closing of the IPO. However, if our sponsor, officers and directors acquire public, they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the allotted 18-month time period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they
will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares
of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules). 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the 2,200,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there
will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with
implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes,
we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited
in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.25. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become
subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you
that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.25. Under Section 281(b)
of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made
in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our
remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient
to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although
we will seek to have all third parties, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses and other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute
such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party
refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of
the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management
believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible
instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose
particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree
to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. 

In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to
us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in
the trust account to below (i) 10.25 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the
date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which
may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access
to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether
our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company. Our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will
indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by third parties and prospective target businesses. 

10 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.25 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in
each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.25 per share. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all third parties, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust
account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 800,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the
private placement warrants, with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our
liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined
that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for
claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 800,000 we may fund such excess with funds from
the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would
decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 2,200,000, the
amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO may be considered
a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL
intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party
claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a
liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to
the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, is not considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of
limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in
the case of a liquidating distribution. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such 18-month period, we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our
intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 18th month from the closing of the IPO and, therefore,
we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of
distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such
date. 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited
to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers,
investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting
agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or
other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and
the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be
liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.25 per public share
or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions
in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the
event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of
any liability for such third-party claims. 

11 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.25 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board may be
viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our
company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion
of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those public shares that such stockholder properly elected to redeem,
subject to the limitations described herein; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow
redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we have not completed
our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law and as further described
herein. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we
seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business
combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust
account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we have encountered and may continue to encounter
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups
and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established
and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these
competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses
is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the business combination
of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption
rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution
they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

Our
executive offices are located at 303 Wyman Street, Suite 300, Waltham, MA 02451 and our telephone number is (781) 530-3868. Our executive
offices are provided to us by our sponsor. We pay our sponsor a total of 5,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Human Capital Management 

We
currently have five (5) officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they
intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We
do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting
and Financial Information 

Our
units, Class A common stock and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act, and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report
contains financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

12 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or
proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial
statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements
may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide
such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination
candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare
its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may
not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do
not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We
will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-OxleyAct regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to
achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We
have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a
Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

We
filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a
Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage
of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We
will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares held by non-affiliates
exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the
market value of our shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Lumira Ventures 

Lumira
Ventures was founded in 2007 after its management spun-out from and acquired MDS Capital, a corporate venture capital group established
in 1989. Lumira has built a track record as a leading North American healthcare venture capital firm, investing in innovative companies
across the healthcare landscape. Lumira is the largest healthcare venture capital firm in Canada (by assets under management and size
of team), and one of the most active healthcare investors in the U.S., often in geographies which have not historically been the focus
of most healthcare venture capital firms. The firm has one of the industry s most active MedTech investment teams, with a proven
track record of identifying and building emerging sector leaders into high-value public companies and successful M A acquisition targets
for strategic counterparties. Lumira s MedTech investment team has reviewed approximately 1,200 MedTech companies since 2007 and
has backed category leaders to high-multiple exits throughout market cycles. In 2021, with strong support from existing and new investors,
the firm raised its newest life sciences fund, Lumira Ventures IV. 

We
do not have a contractual relationship with Lumira. As a result, Lumira could choose not to provide assistance to us, to provide less
assistance than we request or to provide only certain types of assistance. Notwithstanding the lack of a contractual relationship, we
believe that Lumira will provide us the various services indicated above for the following reasons. First, the management team of Lumira,
as the general partner and manager of Lumira Ventures IV LP (which owns our sponsor and provides our risk capital), has a fiduciary duty
to provide support to all of the portfolio companies, including us. Lumira receives a management fee from Lumira Ventures IV LP for these
services, as stipulated in Lumira Venture IV LP s governance documents. As a result, Lumira s employees have a contractual
duty to operate in the best interests of Lumira Venture IV LP and its portfolio companies, including providing consulting and other services
to companies in which such fund has invested, including us. Second, the in-house Lumira team regularly assists its portfolio company management
teams by providing business, financial, scientific, engineering, intellectual property, regulatory, recruiting and deal making advice
and often takes a hands-on approach to helping portfolio companies develop strategic plans and drive stockholder value. This input includes
serving on the board of directors of portfolio companies, as is the case with us. Third, in addition to the contractual obligations indicated
above, the employees of Lumira have a financial incentive to provide us strategic and operational input to help ensure our success. As
is typical with venture funds, the Lumira team has the opportunity to earn an industry-standard share of Lumira Venture IV LP s
financial returns and ultimate success, commonly referred to as carried interest. The full Lumira team is aligned to contribute to our
success. Finally, four members of our management team are senior members of the Lumira team. Our President Gerry Brunk and our Executive
Vice President, Daniel Hetu, are both co-founders and Managing Directors of Lumira. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vasco Larcina, is Chief
Financial Officer of Lumira Ventures. Our director Peter van der Velden is a co-founder and Managing General Partner of Lumira Ventures.
Dr. Natale, our Chief Executive Officer and a Director, was previously a partner at MDS Capital, Lumira s predecessor firm, from
2002 to 2006. Dr. Natale is currently a Managing Partner at Aperture Venture Partners, and has been since 2010. Our management team has
a history of working and investing together in private and public healthcare companies. See Management for more information. 

13 

Lumira s
goal is to partner with entrepreneurs to build companies, from the seed through growth stages, whose products deliver significant improvements
in the daily lives of patients worldwide while simultaneously lowering the cost of healthcare delivery. The Lumira team has backed dozens
of transformative North America-based healthcare companies that have delivered more than 30 approved therapies for patients, impacting
the lives of over 1 billion patients worldwide and generating more than 75 billion in cumulative revenue. 

Guided
by a senior team of healthcare investment professionals who average over 27 years of industry experience, Lumira s team has invested
in more than 100 healthcare companies via multiple funds and today oversees more than 500 million of assets under management. The firm
has an in-house team of 19 investment professionals, back-office personnel and advisors and venture partners located in offices in Toronto,
Boston, Montreal and Vancouver. Our Lumira Ventures team includes five partners, two principals, four associates and analysts, five venture
partners and senior advisors, and three finance and operations professionals. Together, the Lumira Ventures team has seven PhDs, three
MDs, and seven MBAs represented. Investors in its venture funds include sovereign wealth funds, pension plans, asset management firms,
foundations, family offices and corporate strategic investors. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this annual report. However, below is a partial list of material
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on us and our operations: 

we are an early stage company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between us and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine may result in market volatility that could adversely affect our stock price and may impact our financial condition and search for a target company; and 

in March 2023, the shut-down of certain financial
 institutions raised economic concerns over disruption in the U.S. banking system. While the U.S. government took certain actions to strengthen
 public confidence in the U.S. banking system, there can be no certainty that the actions taken by the U.S. government will be effective
 in mitigating the effects of financial institution failures on the economy and restoring public confidence in the U.S. banking system. 

For
the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our prospectus dated
October 1, 2021. 

Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our
executive offices are located at 303 Wyman Street, Suite 300, Waltham, MA 02451 and our telephone number is (781) 530-3868. Our executive
offices are provided to us by our sponsor. We pay our sponsor a total of 5,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

To
the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors
in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

14 

PART II 

Item 5. Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market Information 

Our
units, Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols LVACU, LVAC 
and LVACW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on October 27, 2021, and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced
public trading separately on December 17, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

As
of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there was 1 holder of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our shares of
Class A common stock and 2 holders of record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time. In addition, our Board of Directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

None. 

(e) Recent Sales of
Unregistered Securities 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 7,500,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement
Warrant in a private placement to our sponsor, LAVA Medtech Sponsor LP, generating gross proceeds of 7,500,000. 

(f) Purchases of Equity
Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None . 

15 

(g) Use of Proceeds
from the Initial Public Offering 

The
registration statement for our IPO was declared effective on October 26, 2021. On October 29, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 11,500,000
units Units ), including 1,500,000 Units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment
option, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered at 10.00 per Unit generating gross proceeds of 100,000,000.We
have selected December 31 as our fiscal year end. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated
the sale of 7,500,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Company s
sponsor, LAVA Medtech Sponsor LP (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of 7,500,000. Simultaneously with the exercise
of the over-allotment, the Company consummated the private placement of an additional 675,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor,
generating gross proceeds of 675,000. 

Offering
costs for the IPO amounted to 5,955,330, consisting of 2,000,000 of underwriting fees, 3,500,000 of deferred underwriting fees payable
(which are held in the Trust Account (defined below)) and 455,330 of other costs. As described in Note 6, the 3,500,000 of deferred
underwriting fee payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination by April 29, 2023, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the closing of the sale of 1,500,000 additional Units upon receiving notice of the underwriter s
election to fully exercise its over-allotment option Over-allotment Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of 15,000,000
and incurring additional offering costs of 825,000 in underwriting fees all of which is deferred until completion of our Business Combination.
Simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment, we consummated the private placement of an additional 675,000 Private Placement
Warrants to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 675,000. 

Following
the closing of the IPO and exercise of the over-allotment, 117,875,000 10.25 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units
in the IPO and the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account Trust Account and will be invested in U.S.
government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund selected by us meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust
Account (less taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or
in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If
we complete a Business Combination, we will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise,
the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. If a Business Combination does not close,
we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust
Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon
consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 2 million of such Working Capital
Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be
identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However,
if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination
are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business
Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated
to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

16 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis Of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related
thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

LAVA Medtech Acquisition Corp. was incorporated
in Delaware on March 31, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or other similar business transaction with one or more businesses that the Company has not yet identified (a
 Business Combination ). 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare
for the IPO, described below, and, after our IPO, identifying a target company for an initial business combination. We do not expect to
generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the
form of interest income on investment held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 4,504,994, which consisted of operating expenses of 1,560,762,
provision for income tax of 304,294, change in fair value warrant liabilities of 4,659,750, expense of Delaware franchise taxes of
 262,587, and income on investment held in trust account of 1,699,739 and income held on cash in the bank of 10,561. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 17,971,241, which primarily consists of operating expenses of 204,237,
change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 18,344,700 and expense of Delaware franchise taxes of 93,223, offset by interest
earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 2,023 and transaction costs related to warrant liability of
 97,174. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The registration statement for our IPO was declared
effective on October 26, 2021. On October 29, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 11,500,000 units, including 1,500,000 Units issued pursuant
to the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units
being offered at 10.00 per Unit generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated
the sale of 7,500,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our sponsor,
LAVA Medtech Sponsor LP, generating gross proceeds of 7,500,000. 

Following the closing of the IPO and exercise
of the over-allotment, 117,875,000 10.25 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Private Placement
Warrants was placed in a trust account and will be invested in a money market fund that only invests in U.S Treasuries and cash. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 658,824. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided
 1,176,519 of cash for operating activities. Net cash provided by investing activities was 276,747, derived from cash being withdrawn
from the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash
used in operating activities was 1,028,439. Net cash used in investing activities was 117,875,000 and net cash provided by financing
activities was 120,444,670 mainly reflecting the proceeds of our IPO and subsequent deposit into the trust account. 

At December 31, 2022, we had investments held
in the trust account of 119,299,973. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts
representing interest income on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete our business combination. To the extent that
our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds
held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. 

At December 31, 2022, we had cash of 1,159,154
outside of the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses,
perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. 

17 

If our estimate of the costs of identifying a
target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to
do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our
Public Shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such Business Combination. 

Going Concern 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB s Accounting
Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern, we have determined that if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by April 29, 2023, then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and the date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time,
which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be
unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose
of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any
special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into
law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies.
We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting
pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or
revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which
adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our interim financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among
other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public
companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by
the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about
the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items
such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of executive compensation to median employee compensation.
These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an emerging
growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. 

18 

Accounting for Warrants 

We account for warrants as either equity-classified
or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the instruments specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance
in ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the instruments
are free-standing financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the instruments
meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the instruments are indexed to our own common
shares and whether the instrument holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our
control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, was conducted
at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent period end date while the instruments are outstanding. Management has concluded
that the Public Warrants issued pursuant to the warrant agreement qualify for equity accounting treatment and the Private Placement Warrants
qualify for liability accounting treatment. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption

We account for our common stock subject to possible
redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value.
Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the
holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity.
At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders deficit. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that
are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to
possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. The Company
recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the
redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected
by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net Loss per Common Share 

Net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing
net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common stock
subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor. At December 31, 2022, we did not have any dilutive securities and/or other contracts that could,
potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of common stock and then share in our earnings. As a result, diluted income (loss)
per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to
any market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds held in the Trust Account have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes
or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term
nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-20 following
Item 16, which comprise a portion of this Annual Report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

19 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) was
carried out by our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Based upon
that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that as of the end of that fiscal year, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the management
of the registrant, including the CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

It should also be noted that the CEO and CFO believe
that our disclosure controls and procedures provide a reasonable assurance that they are effective, they do not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and fraud. A control system, no matter how
well conceived or operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS
Act. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure
regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

20 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

As
of the date of this report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Anthony
 Natale 
 
 49 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Richard
 Emmitt 
 
 78 
 
 Chairman
 and Director 
 
 Gerry
 Brunk 
 
 54 
 
 President
 and Director 
 
 Daniel
 Hetu 
 
 65 
 
 Executive
 Vice President 
 
 Vasco
 Larcina 
 
 58 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Peter
 van der Velden 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Fritz
 A. LaPorte 
 
 53 
 
 Director 

The
experience of our directors and officers is as follows: 

Our
management team is led by Dr. Anthony Natale, our Chief Executive Officer and a Director; Richard Dick Emmitt, our Chairman
and Director; Gerry Brunk, our President and a Director; Dr. Daniel H tu, our Executive Vice President; and Vasco Larcina, our
Chief Financial Officer. Our management team is further supported by our board of directors including Peter van der Velden and Fritz
A. LaPorte. Our management team and directors have worked and invested together continuously for approximately 15 years. Anthony Tony 
Natale, MD, MBA, our Chief Executive Officer and a Director, has over 20 years of experience in healthcare venture capital and MedTech
entrepreneurship as a physician, inventor, founder, operator, and investor. As a Managing Partner at Aperture Venture Partners since
2010, Dr. Natale focuses on identifying and investing in high-potential MedTech companies. He works alongside entrepreneurs to build
out management teams, establish effective corporate governance, and implement successful product development, commercialization, and
exit strategies. Prior to Aperture, Dr. Natale was a partner at Prism VentureWorks from 2006 to 2010, and MDS Capital, Lumira s
predecessor firm, from 2002 to 2006, where he made and managed investments in the MedTech sector. He has held pivotal roles at venture-backed
healthcare companies throughout his career, including currently as Executive Chairman at ENT Specialty Partners and XII Medical, and
previously as co-founder and / or founding investor at MAKO Surgical (IPO, subsequently acquired by Stryker), Avedro (IPO, subsequently
acquired by Glaukos), ENTrigue Surgical (acquired by Arthrocare/Smith Nephew), Xlumena (acquired by Boston Scientific), and Spirox
(acquired by Entellus Medical), and as an investor in many additional companies that have had successful exits, including Inspire Medical
(NYSE: INSP), Axonics (Nasdaq: AXNX), BioHaven (Nasdaq: BHVN), Otonomy (Nasdaq: OTIC), and Entellus Medical (acquired by Stryker). Dr.
Natale currently serves on the board of directors of Venus Concept Inc. (Nasdaq: VERO). Dr. Natale trained in general surgery and otolaryngology/head
and neck surgery at the University of Connecticut and Hartford Hospital. He received his BA from the University of Virginia, MD from
the University of Florida, and MBA from Yale University. We believe Dr. Natale is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of
directors due to his extensive strategic and operational experience and his extensive medical background. 

Richard
 Dick Emmitt, MBA, our Chairman and Director, is widely regarded as one of the most experienced and successful investors
in the medical device industry. Mr. Emmitt is a Senior Partner of InnovaHealth Partners, a New York-based private equity firm focused
on the MedTech industry. He also is a General Partner and a co-founder in 1988 of The Vertical Group, a New Jersey-based MedTech focused
investment firm. Mr. Emmitt s background includes all stages of private equity, venture capital, and pubic equity markets. Among
his former investments and board of director memberships are companies in virtually all major sectors of the MedTech industry: American
Medical Systems (acquired by Endo Pharma and now a part of Boston Scientific); ENTrigue Surgical (acquired by Arthrocare/Smith 
Nephew); ev3 (acquired by Covidien/Medtronic); Galil Medical (acquired by BTG/Boston Scientific); Lifecell (acquired by KCI); OsteoBiologics
(acquired by Smith Nephew); SciMed Life Systems (acquired by Boston Scientific); Tornier (acquired by Wright Medical); Velocimed
(acquired by Saint Jude); Wright Medical (acquired by Stryker); and Xomed Surgical (acquired by Medtronic). Additionally, his investments
also include Outset Medical (Nasdaq: OM) and Silk Road Medical (Nasdaq: SILK). Prior to his career as a venture capital and private equity
investor, Mr. Emmitt was an investment analyst recognized as one of the leading experts on the health care industry by Institutional
Investor Magazine. Mr. Emmitt received a BA in Economics from Bucknell University and an MBA from The Rutgers School of Business. We
believe Mr. Emmitt is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive strategic, investment and management
experience. 

Gerry
Brunk, MBA, our President and a Director, is a Managing Director and Co-head of the MedTech practice at Lumira. With over 28 years of
investment, consulting and entrepreneurial experience in the healthcare industry, Mr. Brunk has helped build MedTech and biotech companies
at all stages of development. He manages Lumira s Boston office, which he established when he joined MDS Capital in 2002. Mr. Brunk
has been responsible for Lumira s investments in Bardy Diagnostics (acquired by Hillrom), MAKO Surgical (IPO, subsequently acquired
by Stryker), Cardiac Dimensions, Corvia Medical, Endotronix, HistoSonics, KAI Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Amgen), Pharmasset (acquired
by Gilead Sciences), Satsuma Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: STSA) and Engage Therapeutics (acquired by UCB), among others. Prior to joining
Lumira, Mr. Brunk was an entrepreneur in the life sciences sector, founding and serving in a variety of management and board capacities
at several venture capital-funded companies. Earlier in his career, he was an engagement manager in The Boston Consulting Group s
healthcare practice, where he advised pharmaceutical and MedTech companies on strategic and operational issues including portfolio management,
new product launches, R D productivity, mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Brunk began his career as a member of the investment banking
group of Credit Suisse First Boston where his clients included both public and private healthcare companies. He serves on the Board of
Directors of Southeast Life Sciences, the review board of the Ivy Foundation Biomedical Innovation Fund at the University of Virginia,
and is a mentor for the Stanford University Biodesign program. He received his BA from the University of Virginia and MBA from Stanford
University Graduate School of Business. We believe Mr. Brunk is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to
his extensive strategic, investment and management experience. 

21 

Daniel
Hetu, MD, MBA, our Executive Vice President, is a Managing Director and Co-head of the MedTech practice at Lumira, and has been since
2007.With over 20 years of investment banking, corporate development, and licensing and investment experience, Dr. H tu has been
involved with life sciences companies at all stages of development in North America and overseas. He manages Lumira s Montreal
office and has invested in and served on the boards of numerous companies, including OpSens Medical (TSX: OPS), U-Systems (acquired by
GE Healthcare), Cardiac Dimensions, IMV (TSX: IMV), Resonant Medical (acquired by Elekta) and XyloCor Therapeutics. As an experienced
senior executive with expertise in financing and corporate business development, Dr. H tu previously spent 10 years at Shire Pharmaceuticals
and at Biochem Pharma prior to its acquisition by Shire. As Vice President of Business Development (North America) and Vice President
of Corporate Development, he led several financing, licensing and M A transactions in the therapeutics, vaccine, and diagnostics
sectors. Prior to joining Biochem Pharma, Dr. H tu was an investment banker at Burns Fry (now BMO Nesbitt Burns) where he was
involved in M A and financing transactions across various industrial sectors. He received his MD from Universit de Sherbrooke
and MBA from HEC Montr al. 

Vasco
Larcina, CPA, CA, our Chief Financial Officer, has over 20 years of senior financial management and audit experience. He is Chief Financial
Officer at Lumira where he is responsible for the financial management of the firm and the investment funds it manages, and has been
since the firm s inception in 2007. Mr. Larcina oversees financial and legal operations, ensuring that the appropriate controls
are in place to manage the activities of Lumira and its managed funds through the strategic evaluation, development and implementation
of financial policies, systems and procedures developed in consideration of external reporting, risk, and governance, as well as, regulatory
and tax compliance. Prior to joining Lumira, Mr. Larcina worked as an external auditor with KPMG and has gained internal audit and operational
audit experience with Enbridge Gas Distribution, a regulated public utility company, where he provided the internal control input for
a major customer information system development project. He received his HBA from the Ivey School of Business at the University of Western
Ontario and is a member of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario. 

Peter
van der Velden, MBA, MSc., one of our Directors, is a venture capital veteran, who for the past 31 years has been involved in building
innovative, technology-centric companies from start-up through to expansion. In 2005, he joined MDS Capital as Chief Executive Officer
and after restructuring the firm, he led its subsequent buyout from MDS Laboratory Services. Mr. van der Velden has invested in and helped
to build MedTech and biotech companies at all stages of development. He joined Lumira in 2007 and is based in Toronto, Canada. Mr. van
der Velden is currently Lumira s Managing General Partner, responsible for the day-to-day operations of the business, fund raising,
and human resources. Along with Mr. Brunk, Mr. van der Velden has been responsible for Lumira s investments in Bardy Diagnostics
and HistoSonics. He led or managed the firm s investments in Alveolus (acquired by Merit Medical), Spinal Kinetics (acquired by
Orthofix), Aurinia Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: AUPH), Forbius (Acquired by Bristol Myers Squibb). Mr. van der Velden is a frequently solicited
lecturer at universities and conferences on themes related to venture capital, innovation and healthcare. He has actively worked with
the Canadian Federal and Provincial governments on policy matters related to venture capital and healthcare innovation. In addition to
investee company board roles, he has been very active on a wide variety of stakeholder and industry boards and advisory groups, including
as, President and Chairman of the Canadian Venture and Private Equity Association. Mr. van der Velden s past board and advisory
roles include: the Ontario Health Innovation Council, the World Health Innovation Network, the SickKids Commercialization Advisory Board,
the Office of the Chief Health Innovation Strategist, the Ontario Scale-up Vouchers Program, and Life Sciences Ontario. Prior to joining
Lumira, Mr. van der Velden ran a boutique merchant bank (Fusion Capital Partners), was a partner in a buyout partnership (Bedford Partners)
and served as Vice President Business Development for a venture capital-backed drug delivery company, Hyal Pharmaceutical Corp. He started
his career with Connaught Laboratories, Inc., a Canadian vaccine manufacturer, and from there transitioned to an investing role at Vencap
Equities Alberta Ltd., a venture capital firm. Mr. van der Velden received his MBA from the Schulich School of Business and his M.Sc.
and B.Sc from Queen s University. We believe Mr. van der Velden is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors
due to his extensive strategic, investment and management experience. 

Fritz
A. LaPorte, one of our Directors, is a Partner at Dovere Advisory Group, LLC, which he co-founded in October 2014 to guide earlier stage,
growth companies, primarily operating in the medical devices and healthcare sectors, in creating and sustaining value while concurrently
reducing risk. Mr. LaPorte co-founded MAKO Surgical, an orthopedic surgical robotics company, in November 2004, and served as Senior
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer through its IPO and eventual acquisition by Stryker in 2013. Mr. LaPorte subsequently
served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Stryker Corporation Stryker MAKO Business Unit from December
2013 to June 2014 to assist in the integration of MAKO into Stryker. He also sits on the board of directors at Venus Concept Inc. (Nasdaq:
VERO), a leading medical aesthetics company, where he also serves as the Compensation Committee Chair and a member of the Audit Committee,
and Holy Cross Hospital in Fort Lauderdale, Florida where he also serves as board Chair and a member of the finance committee and governance
committee chair. Mr. LaPorte holds a BBA in Accounting from Florida Atlantic University. We believe Mr. LaPorte is well qualified to
serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive strategic, investment and management experience. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

Other
than the monthly payment of 5,000 to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services, none of our executive officers
or directors has received any cash (or non-cash) compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our independent
directors, review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

22 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known,
in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will
be responsible for determining executive and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by
our compensation committee. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

The
Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management, and, based upon its review
and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 24, 2023 based on information
obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned(2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Approximate Percentage
 of Outstanding Shares 
 
 LAVA Medtech Sponsor LP(3) 
 - 
 - 
 2,875,000 
 100 
 20 
 
 LAVA Medtech Manager LLC(3) 
 - 
 - 
 2,875,000 
 100 
 20 
 
 Anthony Natale 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Richard Emmitt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gerry Brunk 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Daniel Hetu 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vasco Larcina 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Peter van der Velden 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fritz A. LaPorte 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (7 individuals) 
 - 
 - 
 2,875,000 
 100 
 20 
 
 Other 5 Holders 

Castle Creek Arbitrage, LLC(4) 
 600,000 
 5.2 
 - 
 - 
 4.2 
 
 Beryl Capital Management LLC(5) 
 998,998 
 8.7 
 - 
 - 
 6.9 
 
 Periscope Capital Inc.(6) 
 770,515 
 6.7 
 - 
 - 
 5.4 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc.(7) 
 747,554 
 6.5 
 - 
 - 
 5.2 
 
 Saba Capital Management LLC(8) 
 1,073,662 
 9.3 
 - 
 - 
 7.5 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC(9) 
 700,000 
 6.1 
 - 
 - 
 4.9 

(1) Unless
otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 303 Wyman Street, Suite 300 Waltham, MA 02451. 

(2) Interests
shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A common
stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject
to adjustment, as described in the Company s IPO prospectus and Charter. 

(3) LAVA
Medtech Sponsor LP, our Sponsor, is the record holder of such shares. LAVA Medtech Manager LLC is the General Partner of LAVA Medtech
Sponsor LP. Consequently, LAVA Medtech Manager LLC may be deemed the beneficial owner of the shares held by LAVA Medtech Sponsor LP,
as applicable, and share voting and dispositive control over such securities. 

(4) According
to a Schedule 13G/A jointly with the SEC on February 13, 2023 by Castle Creek Arbitrage, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Castle
Creek ), Mr. Allan Weine, the principal beneficial owner of Castle Creek Arbitrage, LLC and a United States citizen, CC ARB West,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and CC Arbitrage, Ltd., a Cayman Island Company (collectively, the Castle Creek Filers ),
as of December 31, 2022, Castle Creek and Mr. Weine had shared voting power and shared dispositive shower with respect to 600,000 shares
of our Class A common stock, CC ARB West, LLC had shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 453,300 shares of
our Class A common stock, and CC Arbitrage, Ltd. Had shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 146,700 shares
of our Class A common stock. The business address of the Castle Creek Filers is 111 W. Beaver Creek Blvd PO Box 3500 Avon, CO 81620. 

23 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed jointly with the SEC on February 11, 2022 by Beryl Capital Management LLC Beryl ), a Delaware limited liability company, Beryl Capital Management LP Beryl GP ), a Delaware limited partnership, Beryl Capital Partners II LP (the Beryl Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership, and David A. Witkin, a United States citizen (collectively, the Beryl Filers ), as of December 31, 2021, Berly, Beryl GP and Mr. Witkin had shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 998,998 shares of our Class A common stock, and Beryl Partnership had shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 896,496 shares of our Class A common stock. The business address of the Beryl Filers is 611 S. Catalina Ave., Suite 309, Redondo Beach, CA 90277. 

(6) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 13, 2023 by Periscope Capital Inc. Periscope ), a company incorporated in Canada, Periscope had shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 770,515 shares of out Class A common stock as of December 31, 2022. The business address of Periscope Capital Inc. is 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2R2 . 

(7) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 9, 2022 by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar ), a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada, which serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company PMSMF with respect to shares of our Class A common stock directly held by PMSMF, Polar had sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to 747,554 shares of our Class A common stock as of December 31, 2021. The business address of Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(8) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed jointly with the SEC on May 13, 2022 by Saba Capital Management, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein, a United States citizen (the Saba Filers ), the Saba Filers had shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 1,073,662 shares of our Class A common stock as of May 3, 2022. The address of the business office of each of Saba Capital, Saba GP and Mr. Weinstein is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174.. 

(9) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by Shaolin Capital Management LLC,a Delaware limited liability company, Shaolin Capital Management LLC had sole voting power and dispositive power with respect to these shares as of December 31, 2022. The business address of Shaolin Capital Management LLC is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

In
March 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share, to cover certain offering costs on our behalf in consideration
of 2,875,000 founder shares. As such, our initial stockholders will collectively own 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock after
the IPO (assuming they do not purchase any units in the IPO) and will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial
business combination. Up to 375,000 founder shares are subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised. 

Our
sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 7,500,000 (or 8,175,000 if the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement
that will occur simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. As such, our sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at between
 7,500,000 and 8,175,000 depending on the number of private placement warrants purchased. Each private placement warrant entitles the
holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. The
private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not, subject
to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

As
more fully discussed in our final prospectus under the heading Management Conflicts of Interest, 
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any
entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us or in the case of a non-compete restriction,
may not present such opportunity to us at all. All of our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or
contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

We
have entered into an agreement with an affiliate of our sponsor, pursuant to which we will pay a total of 5,000 per month for office
space, administrative and support services to such affiliate. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum
18 months, our sponsor will be paid a total of 90,000 5,000 per month) for office space, administrative and support services and will
be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

We
may pay our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, a finder s fee,
consulting fee or other compensation in connection with identifying, investigating and completing our initial business combination, which
may be paid from the proceeds held in the trust account upon consummation of an initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and
directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. 

Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any
of their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In
addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business
combination, our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us
funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the
trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that
our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans
may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender.
The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our sponsor. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been
determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor
or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any
and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

24 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants issued
upon conversion of working capital loans (if any), which is described in the registration statement for our initial offering. 

Related
Person Transaction Policy 

We
have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions
discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

Prior
to the consummation of the IPO, we will adopt a written policy relating to the approval of related person transactions. A related
person transaction is a transaction or arrangement or series of transactions or arrangements in which we participate (whether
or not we are a party) and a related person has a direct or indirect material interest in such transaction. Our audit committee will
review and approve or ratify all relationships and related person transactions between us and (i) our directors or executive officers,
(ii) any 5 record or beneficial owner of our common stock or (iii) any immediate family member of any person specified in (i) and (ii)
above. The audit committee will review all related person transactions and, where the audit committee determines that such transactions
are in our best interests, approve such transactions in advance of such transaction being given effect. 

In
the course of its review and approval or ratification of a related party transaction, the audit committee will, in its judgment, consider
in light of the relevant facts and circumstances whether the transaction is, or is not inconsistent with, our best interests, including
consideration of various factors enumerated in the policy. 

Any
member of the audit committee who is a related person with respect to a transaction under review will not be permitted to participate
in the discussions or approval or ratification of the transaction. Our policy also includes certain exceptions for transactions that
need not be reported and provides the audit committee with the discretion to pre-approve certain transactions. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have three independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee is entirely composed of independent directors meeting Nasdaq s additional requirements
applicable to members of the audit committee. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
firm of Citrin Cooperman Company, LLP, or Citrin, acted as our independent registered public accounting firm during the period
ended December 31, 2022 and for the period March 31, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. The following is a summary of fees paid
or to be paid to Citrin for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by Citrin in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Citrin for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and other required filings with the SEC for the period ended December
31, 2022 and for the period March 31, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 80,540 and 49,668. The above amounts include
interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not pay Citrin for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards during the period ended December 31, 2022
and for the period March 31, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Citrin for tax compliance and tax advice for the period ended December 31, 2022 and for the period March 31, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Citrin for other services for the period ended December 31, 2022 and for the period March 31, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed in connection with the effectiveness of our registration statement for our initial public offering. As a result,
the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit
committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit
committee has and will pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including
the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act
which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

25 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The
following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: 2468) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3)
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item
16. Form 10 K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

26 

LAVA
MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: 2468) 
 F-2 

Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7
 to F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

LAVA
Medtech Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of LAVA Medtech Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 31, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 31, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the close of business on April 29, 2023,
then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding
these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Citrin Cooperman Company, LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

New York, New York 

March 29, 2023 

F- 2 

LAVA
MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Prepaid expenses - non current 
 -

Deferred tax asset 
 -

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 
 
 -

Due to affiliate 

Derivative warrant liabilities 
 
 -

Deferred underwriting fee payable 
 
 -

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Derivative warrant liabilities 
 -

Deferred underwriting fee payable 
 -

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 6) 

REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value, shares at redemption value of per share at December 31, 2022 and per share at December 31, 2021 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock; par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding (excluding 11,500,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 
 -
 
 -

Class B common stock; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

LAVA
MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year 
Ended 
 December 31, 
 For the Period from March 31, 2021 (Inception) 

 Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative 

Franchise tax expense 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Interest income on cash account 
 
 -

Interest income on investments held in Trust Account 

Offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities issuance 
 -

OTHER INCOME, NET 

Income before provision for income tax 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

NET INCOME 

Weighted-average shares outstanding of redeemable Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, redeemable Class A common stock

Weighted-average shares outstanding of Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

LAVA
MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 31, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH 
DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 deficit 

Balance, March 31, 2021 (Inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock to Sponsor 
 -
 
 -

-

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering Costs allocated to Public Warrants (net of offering costs) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Private Placement Warrant adjustment to record warrant at initial fair value at issuance date 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Accretion for redeemable Class A Common stock to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Accretion for Class A common stock to redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

LAVA
MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year 
Ended 
 December 31, 
 For the Period from 
 March 31, 2021 (Inception) 
 Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income on investments held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities issuance 
 - 

Deferred tax benefit 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Due to affiliate 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise tax payable 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Deposits to Trust Account 
 - 

Withdrdawals from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriter s discount 
 -

Proceeds from sponsor loan 
 -

Repayments of sponsor loan 
 -

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 -

Payment of offering costs 
 -

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 -

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 
 -

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental disclosures of noncash financing activities: 

Initial classification of warrant liabilities 
 -

Initial value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 
 -

Deferred underwriting commissions payable 
 -

Accretion for redeemable Class A common stock to redemption value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

LAVA MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATMENTS 

units Units ), including Units issued pursuant
to the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units
being offered (the Public Shares at per Unit generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note
3. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

additional Units upon receiving notice of the
underwriter s election to fully exercise its over-allotment option, generating additional gross proceeds of . 

private placement warrants at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, LAVA Medtech Sponsor LP (the Sponsor ), generating
gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment, the Company consummated the private placement of
an additional Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . See Note 4 for details. 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, deferred underwriting fees payable
(which are held in the Trust Account (defined below)) and of other costs. As described in Note 6, the deferred underwriting
fee payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination by April 29, 2023, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units
in the IPO and the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account and will be invested in U.S. government securities, within
the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ),
with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by
the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as
described below. 

of the assets held in the
Trust Account excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of
the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no
assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

F- 7 

per Public
Share, plus any pro rata gain then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights with respect to the
Company s warrants. 

, the Public Shares are redeemable and are classified as such on the balance sheet until such
date that a redemption event takes place. 

or more of the Class A common stock sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the Company s prior consent. 

of its Public
Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their Class A common stock in conjunction with any such amendment. 

F- 8 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

per shares held
in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if
and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with
which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability
will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in
or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have
to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

F- 9 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the
abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of . As of December 31, 2022, approximately of the amount
on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company s tax obligations. 

F- 10 

. Of this amount, was charged to stockholders deficit in 2021 upon the completion of the IPO
and was expensed in the period March 31, 2021 (inception through December 31, 2021), due to allocating certain offering costs
to the warrant liabilities. The allocation was based on relative value at the date of the IPO. 

F- 11 

. 

. The excess deposits total . The Company uses JP Morgan for its sole
operating bank account. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to
significant risks on such accounts at this time. 

shares of Class A common stock subject to possible
redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

F- 12 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

Common Stock at per share were issued on October 29, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Public Warrants or Private Placement
Warrants have been exercised. The potential shares of Class A common stock for outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement
Warrants to purchase the Company s stock were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the periods ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 because they are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income (loss)
per common stock is the same as basic net income (loss) per common stock for the period. The table below presents a reconciliation of
the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net income (loss) per share for each class of stock. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and dilution net income per share 

F- 13 

Founder Shares sold
to certain independent directors as of October 14, 2021, was , or per share. The Company used a Monte Carlo Model Simulation
to arrive at the fair value of the stock compensation. The key assumptions in the option-pricing model utilized are assumptions related
to expected separation date of Units, anticipated business combination date, purchase price, share-price volatility, expected term, exercise
date, risk-free interest rate and present value. The expected volatility as of the IPO closing date was derived based upon similar SPAC
warrants and technology exchange-traded funds which aligns with Company s stated industry target and present value factor was based
on risk-free rate and terms until the exercise date. The Company s Founder Shares sold to independent directors were deemed within
the scope of ASC 718 and are subject to a performance condition, namely the occurrence of a Business Combination. Compensation expense
related to the Founder Shares transferred is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence, or more specifically
when a Business Combination is consummated. Management believes that the occurrence of the performance condition is not probable; therefore,
no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized during the period ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Units at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock
(such Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), and one-half a redeemable warrant (each,
a Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of
 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

Private Placement Warrants in a private placement transaction to
the sponsor, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of . A portion of the
proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the IPO which is being held in the Trust Account. If the
Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private
Placement Warrants and all underlying securities will be worthless. 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs on the Company s behalf
in consideration of shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value Class B common stock ). The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of
the Company s initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in Note 7. Holders of
Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock,
subject to adjustment, at any time. The initial stockholders had agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent that the
over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters. Subsequent to December 31, 2021, since the underwriters exercised
the over-allotment option in full, the Sponsor did not forfeit any Founder Shares. 

F- 14 

to cover expenses related to the Proposed Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). Any amounts drawn via this loan have been fully paid off on October
29, 2021, and the Note has been cancelled. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination
entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

for office space, secretarial
and administrative services. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , has been expensed for such expenses under this arrangement, respectively, and 
and , has been accrued under this arrangement, respectively. 

F- 15 

additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at the Proposed Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On October 29, 2021, the underwriters
elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option and purchased Units. 

per unit, or in the aggregate upon the closing of the IPO and exercise
of the over-allotment option. Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to per unit, or in the aggregate as a deferred
underwriting commission. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely if
the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. A portion of the deferred underwriting
commission may be allocated to third parties at the discretion of the Sponsor. 

Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Class A Common stock issued and outstanding, excluding the of Class A common
stock subject to possible redemption and classified as temporary equity. 

Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders
of Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B common
stock outstanding, none of which are subject to forfeiture. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion
of the IPO plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial
Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business
Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the
Company). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of
Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 16 

: 

F- 17 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision expense (benefit) 

and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers
available to offset future taxable income. The federal net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

. For the period from March 31, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, the valuation allowance established was . 

F- 18 

Transaction costs warrants 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative Warrant Liability - Private Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative Warrant Liability - Private Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

F- 19 

for the derivative warrant liabilities upon their issuance on October 29, 2021. The Sponsor paid an aggregate
of for Private Placement Warrants with an initial aggregate fair value of . The difference between the purchase
price and the initial fair value on the Private Placement closing date of was described as a Private Placement Warrant adjustment
to record the warrants at initial fair value at issuance date and recorded against accumulated deficit. 

Exercise Price 

Term (years) 

Volatility 

Risk-Free Rate 

Dividend Yield 

and , respectively. 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

F- 20 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and among RBC Capital Markets, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters. (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (2) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and certain security holders. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 26, 2021 by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 26, 202x1, by and between the Company and Anthony Natale (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Gerry Brunk (1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Fritz A. LaPorte (1) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Vasco Larcina (1) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Richard Emmitt (1) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Daniel Hetu (1) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Peter van der Velden(1) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith 

Furnished
 herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to our Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 1, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated
by reference to our Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 5, 2022 

27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LAVA
 MEDTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Anthony Natale 

Anthony
 Natale 
 Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/
 Vasco Larcina 

Vasco
 Larcina 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Anthony Natale 
 Anthony
 Natale 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/
 Vasco Larcina 
 Vasco
 Larcina 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/
 Richard Emmitt 
 Richard
 Emmitt 
 
 Chairman
 and Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/
 Gerry Brunk 
 Gerry
 Brunk 
 
 President
 and Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/
 Peter van der Velden 
 Peter
 van der Velden 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/
 Fritz LaPorte 
 Fritz
 LaPorte 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_lavamedtech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Anthony Natale, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LAVA Medtech Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Anthony Natale 

Anthony Natale 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_lavamedtech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Vasco Larcina, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LAVA Medtech Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c. Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Vasco Larcina 

Vasco Larcina 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_lavamedtech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of LAVA Medtech Acquisition
Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Anthony Natale, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period
covered by the Report. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Anthony Natale 

Anthony Natale 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_lavamedtech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of LAVA Medtech Acquisition
Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Vasco Larcina, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period
covered by the Report. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Vasco Larcina 

Vasco Larcina 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lvac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lvac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lvac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lvac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lvac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

