<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1552189_0001493152-23-009742.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5855681</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>309447</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1123188</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1646522</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1254703</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1386867</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009742.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330160610
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009742
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PANACEA LIFE SCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001552189
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				271085858
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38190
		FILM NUMBER:		23780672

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5910 SOUTH UNIVERSITY BLVD
		STREET 2:		C18-193
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-455-4822

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5910 SOUTH UNIVERSITY BLVD
		STREET 2:		C18-193
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Exactus, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Spiral Energy Tech., Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Solid Solar Energy, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120613

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009742.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended : , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, Zip Code) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, June 30, 2021, was approximately . The aggregate market value gives effect
to the closing of the Securities Exchange Agreement dated June 30, 2021 and the 1-for-28 reverse stock split on October 28, 2021. 

State
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding as March 15, 2023. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

PART II 
 
 16 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 16 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 20 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 21 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 22 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 22 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 23 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 24 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 25 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 25 

PART IV 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 26 

SIGNATURES 
 27 

i 

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and other written and oral statements made from time to time by us may contain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about our new operations in the hemp
industry through Panacea, our expected revenue growth, our future plans and developments, proposed federal legislation and its potential
impact on the CBD industry, our plans to raise capital, and our liquidity. Words such as expects, anticipates, 
 plans, believes, seeks, estimates, could, would, 
 may, intends, targets and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify
forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Report. The identification
of certain statements as forward-looking is not intended to mean that other statements not specifically identified are
not forward-looking. All statements other than statements about historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking
statements, including, but not limited to, statements that relate to our future revenue, product development, customer demand, market
acceptance, growth rate, competitiveness, gross margins, and expenditures. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts
and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties discussed
under the heading Risk Factors within Part I, Item 1A of this Report, and other documents we file from time-to-time with
the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Such risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value,
and effect could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed herein and in ways not readily foreseeable. Readers
are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report and are based
on information currently and reasonably known to us. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to
reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Report, other than as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully
review and consider the various disclosures made in this Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors
that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

General 

Panacea
Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. (PLSH) is holding company structured to support the life sciences and health and wellness industry. Its
subsidiary, Panacea Life Sciences, Inc. (PLS) is dedicated to manufacturing, research and producing the highest-quality, hemp-derived
cannabinoid, functional mushroom, Kratom and nutraceutical products for consumers and pets. Established in 2017, PLS is a woman-owned
and woman-led company. Panacea operates out of its 51,000 square foot, state-of-the-art, cGMP facility in Golden Colorado, focusing on
natural plant-based extraction, manufacturing, research, testing and fulfillment services. Panacea operates in every segment of the manufacturing
value chain. From cultivation to finished goods, the company ensures its products with stringent GMP standards and testing protocols
employed at every stage of the supply chain. Panacea also offers the purest natural remedies within its branded product lines for every
aspect of life: PANA Health , PANA Beauty , PANA Sport , PANA Pet , PANA Pure and PANA Life . If you would
like more information, please visit www.panacealife.com. 

Recent
Developments 

In
June 2022, given the FDA s lack of clarity regarding the CBD industry, the Company pivoted some of its resources to focus on the
nutraceutical industry. The Company made further investments in its softgel line for bovine and vegan softgels. The sales approach has
been successful and we have closed over ten different nutraceutical contracts. In this same timeframe we have focused on two other natural
plant products functional mushrooms and kratom. These new areas will continue to be a focus area for Panacea in 2023. 

On
November 18, 2021, the Company and an institutional investor signed an agreement for a 1.1 million original issue discount convertible
note (the Note financing in which the investor is paying 1 million in gross proceeds. The one-year Note is convertible
into common stock at 1.40 per share. We also issued the investor 785,715 warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of 1.40
per share. The warrants are exercisable over a five-year period beginning May 18, 2022. The loan payoff was made on December 15, 2022
for the amount of 1,115,000. 

Our
Competitive Analysis 

We
believe that our competitive advantages are derived from being vertically integrated that allows for extraction, enrichment and manufacturing
under a cGMP quality environment: 1) Using pharmaceutical formulation methods to optimize the delivery of various nutraceutical, hemp,
mushroom and kratom products, 2) Developing both full spectrum and THC-free products, 3) hemp supply, and 4) utilize Good Manufacturing
Practice to produce goods that ensures safe and quality products that deliver consistent dosing. The ability to produce both full spectrum
products (those that contain 

Industrial
hemp extracts are found to have particular application as neuroprotectants, for example in limiting neurological damage and increasing
speed of recovery with traumatic brain injury. The cannabinoids have also been reported to treat human disease conditions where currently
multiple pharmacological products are needed, e.g., Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), or where there is no current cure such as
Alzheimer s, Parkinson s Disease, and age-related dementia, to name a few. Cannabinoids have a wide range of possible benefits
which we are pursuing through clinical trials and studies. 

Anti-Nausea
 /Antiemetic 

Anticonvulsant 

Antipsychotic 

Anti-inflammatory 

Anti-oxidant 

Anti-tumoral
 / Anti-cancer 

Anxiolytic
 / Anti-depressant 

Reduces
 nausea and vomiting 

Suppresses
 seizure activity 

Combats
 psychosis disorders 

Combats
 inflammatory disorders 

Combats
 neurodegenerative disorders 

Combats
 tumor and cancer cells 

Combats
 anxiety and depression 

Although
numerous reports describe cannabis/hemp extract health benefits the industry lacks sufficient clinical data and quality control to provide
patient benefit. We are combining human and pet clinical studies with Good Manufacturing Process manufacturing to generate a panel of
products tailored and optimized for specific disease treatment. Our products are designed to optimize formulation with delivery method
to maximize health benefits including an intellectual property portfolio enabling development of topical creams, sublingual products,
oral soft gel capsules, patches, and sprays. Our products are derived from organic practices industrial hemp grown in Colorado. 

1 

Our
goals are to research, produce, and distribute products both domestically and internationally that target and treat major categories
of medical conditions: pain, cancer, psychological, gastrointestinal, autoimmune, neurological, and sleep disorders. These categories
include conditions that affect hundreds of millions of patients and animals worldwide. 

Our
goal is to be a leader in contract manufacturing for end-products, such as nutraceuticals, supplements and pet and farm products. 

Our
Intellectual Property 

We
operate in every segment of the cannabinoid product value chain. From the hemp plant to finished goods, we ensure our products with stringent
testing protocols employed at every stage of the supply chain. Panacea endeavors to offer pure natural remedies within product lines
for every aspect of life, Our portfolio includes the following trademarks and registrations: PANA Health , PANA Beauty , PANA
Sport , PANA Pet , PANA Life . 

Research
and Development 

In
October 2021, Panacea Life Sciences investment in the Cannabinoid Lab at Colorado State University CSU was realized.
The Cannabinoid Research Center is conducting numerous studies and clinical research that will extend our knowledge of how cannabis extracts
affect human and animal health. We will work through the center to form multiple research collaborations as well as perform our own studies
in multiple therapeutic areas. The Panacea Life Sciences Cannabinoid Research Center is housed in the Chemistry Building in the heart
of the CSU campus. The center is expected to be a leader in cannabinoid research nation and world-wide as the industry continues to grow. 

Our
Sales Strategy 

As
previously described, since our cannabinoid products contain little to no THC, we have the ability to sell our products across the United
States and internationally. We have established a multi-faceted sales strategy targeting: 

global
 ecommerce platform for fulfilling orders and shipping worldwide where legally permitted; 

direct
 pharmacy placement; 

direct
 placement in retail stores, salons, spas, athletic facilities, etc. 

Intelligent
 vending machines 

E-commerce
 based systems and social media 

In
addition, we have established several other sales channels via sales reps, e-commerce (selling directly to customers), large bulk sales
to suppliers and to dispensaries. The e-commerce sales platform also works with the commissioned based sales. All sales commissions are
tracked and paid via the ERP platform. 

We
also manufacture nutraceutical and other cannabinoid/kratom/mushroom products for several other companies for various white label and
contract manufacturing deals. We specialize in bovine and vegan soft gel manufacturing. 

Marketing
and Distribution 

We
distribute our products to various businesses across the United States through channels optimized to the individual needs of customers.
Our B2B as well as B2C approach allows much flexibility for healthcare providers the ability to recommend specific treatment options
using cannabinoids as a replacement for conventional pharmaceuticals. 

Currently
we sell over 60 different product SKUs of CBD and CBG products. In addition, we offer white label licensing to retail businesses
and contract manufacturing services to smaller CBD companies. We plan to continue to build an integrated healthcare organization by creating
products and programs using emerging botanical extracts. We deliver these programs through managed agriculture, pharmaceutical production,
physician education, distribution and social media networks. We use our intellectual property in extraction technology, proprietary compounds,
delivery systems, and distribution to produce high-quality products in terms of control, consistency, accountability, and packaging. 

All
our products are stored in a secure distribution area in preparation for delivery to various sales channels, healthcare providers and
other retail locations. The laboratory and production facility have the capacity for domestic and international delivery fulfillment
and for international export. All products are tracked and securely manifested for delivery to retail and medical offices for distribution. 

We
are recruiting key service providers to leverage the power of online sales and social media placement. We have placed products on various
online retail sales stores and has launched product sales on Amazon.com. As product ambassadors are secured, we intend to increase its
online and social media exposure to advance a business-to-consumer and business to business distribution model. 

In
2018, we entered into an agreement with Quintel-MC, Inc. to research and define Panacea Life Sciences business and manufacturing processes.
The ERPCannabis system based on an SAP architecture was used to develop the base installation. All financial, human resource, payroll,
procurement, production planning and materials management business processes are represented in this system. In addition, the system
is linked to our e-Commerce web site. This system allows us to update product costing and determine inventory levels which will be critical
as the company expands. In addition, sophisticated financial and payroll processing are inherent in the solution; thus, offering investors
detailed accounting results related to company investments. 

2 

Our
Industrial Hemp Supply 

Our
2020 and 2021 hemp crop was grown in NeedleRock Farms in Crawford CO. In 2021 XXII was the grower and is using organic practices for
the crop. XXII is contractually obligated to provide use with 500,000 of hemp from the 2021 crop. We also have several hemp tolling
contracts in which the output of crude and or distillate is shared with the growers. 

Biotechnology
Goals 

We
seek to take advantage of an emerging worldwide trend to utilize the production of cannabinoids derived from industrial hemp, such as
CBD, CBDA, CBG, CBDV and CBN, to produce consumer products. Hemp is being used in cosmetics, nutritional supplements, and animal feed,
where we also intend to focus our efforts. The market for hemp-derived products is expected to increase substantially over the next five
years. 

The
therapeutic potential of cannabinoids is attributable to the valuable overlap between phyto-cannabinoids (i.e., plant-derived cannabinoids)
and the endogenous cannabinoid system in humans, termed a therapeutic handshake . Clinical trials demonstrate few adverse
effects from oral CBD doses of up to 1,500 mg/day. The scientific understanding of the hemp plant s clinical effects is based mostly
on studies in specific indications, like epilepsy. One company, GW Pharmaceuticals pls, a leading company developing pharmaceutical drugs
and cannabinoid-based medicines, has sought and obtained US and foreign approvals since 2018. EPIDIOLEX /EPIDYOLEX (cannabidiol),
the first prescription, plant-derived cannabis-based medicine approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in the
U.S. and the European Commission (EC) for use in Europe, is an oral solution which contains highly purified cannabidiol (CBD). In the
U.S., EPIDIOLEX is indicated for the treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS), Dravet syndrome or Tuberous
Sclerosis Complex (TSC) in patients one year of age and older. 

Environmental
Matters 

Compliance
with federal, state and local requirements regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection
of the environment, have not had, nor are they expected to have, any direct material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or
competitive position, however such factors could indirectly affect us as well as participants in the supply chain for our products, and
our business, operations, vendors or suppliers. 

Government
Regulations 

On
December 20, 2018, the President of the United States signed the Farm Bill into law. Among other things, this new law changed certain
federal authorities relating to the production and marketing of hemp, defined as cannabis Cannabis sativa L. ), and hemp products
containing less than 0.3 percent delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC, including removing hemp and derivatives of hemp from the Controlled
Substance Act. January 15, 2021, the USDA issued its final rule regarding the Establishment of a Domestic Hemp Production Program which
authorized hemp to be grown and processed legally in the United States and made it legal to transport in interstate commerce. 

The
Farm Bill recognizes hemp as distinct from its genetic cousin, marijuana, and specifically industrial hemp has been excluded from U.S.
drug laws. The Farm Bill allows for each individual state to regulate industrial hemp and industrial hemp-based products or accept the
USDA rules. Although no longer a controlled substance under federal law, cannabinoids derived from industrial hemp (other than THC) are
still subject to a patchwork of state regulations. We are actively monitoring the regulations and proposed regulations in each state
to ensure our operations are compliant. 

As
of the date of this report, and based upon publicly available information, to our knowledge the FDA has not taken any enforcement actions
against CBD companies. The FDA, however, has sent warning letters to companies demanding they cease and desist from the production, distribution,
or advertising of CBD products, only relating to instances that such CBD companies have made misleading and unapproved label claims.
We will continue to monitor the FDA s position on CBD as the FDA has now transferred this area to Congress. 

We
are subject to federal and state consumer protection laws, including laws protecting the privacy of customer non-public information and
the handling of customer complaints and regulations prohibiting unfair and deceptive trade practices. The growth and demand for online
commerce has and may continue to result in more stringent consumer protection laws that impose additional compliance burdens on online
companies. These laws may cover issues such as user privacy, spyware and the tracking of consumer activities, marketing e-mails and communications,
other advertising and promotional practices, money transfers, pricing, product safety, content and quality of products and services,
taxation, electronic contracts and other communications and information security. 

There
is also great uncertainty over whether or how existing laws governing issues such as sales and other taxes, auctions, libel, and personal
privacy apply to the internet and commercial online services. These issues may take years to resolve. For example, tax authorities in
several states, as well as a Congressional advisory commission, are currently reviewing the appropriate tax treatment of companies engaged
in online commerce, and new state tax regulations may subject us to additional state sales and income taxes. New legislation or regulation,
the application of laws and regulations from jurisdictions whose laws do not currently apply to our business or the application of existing
laws and regulations to the internet and commercial online services could result in significant additional taxes or regulatory restrictions
on our business. These taxes or restrictions could have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and overall financial
condition. Furthermore, there is a possibility that we may be subject to significant fines or other payments for any past failures to
comply with these requirements. 

3 

Human
Capital 

On
December 31, 2022, we had 19 full-time employees. There are no collective bargaining agreements covering any of our employees. We believe
that our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel. We believe that the skills, experience and industry
knowledge of our key employees significantly benefit our operations and performance. 

Employee
health and safety in the workplace is one of our core values. The COVID-19 pandemic has underscored for us the importance of keeping
our employees safe and healthy. In response to the pandemic, we have taken actions aligned with the World Health Organization and the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in an effort to protect our workforce so they can more safely and effectively perform their
work. 

Employee
levels are managed to align with the pace of business and management believes it has sufficient human capital to operate its business
successfully. 

Additional
information 

We
file annual, quarterly and other reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers such as our company that file electronically
with the SEC. 

Our
corporate website address is www.panacealife.com. We make available free of charge, through the Investor section of our website, annual
reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with,
or furnish it to, the SEC. The information which appears on our corporate website is not part of this report. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

RISK
FACTORS 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the following Risk Factors before deciding whether
to invest in us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair
our business operations or our financial condition. If any of the events discussed in the Risk Factors below occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the value and marketability of
our common stock could decline. 

Summary
Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our common stock. Set forth below
is a summary of the principal risks we face: 

We
 intend to raise capital through the sale of our common stock or securities convertible or exercisable into our common stock soon
 which will have a dilutive effect on our existing stockholders; 

Our
 ability to continue as a going concern is in doubt unless we obtain adequate new debt or equity financing and achieve sufficient
 sales levels; 

Because
 we require additional capital to execute our business plan and expand our operations, our inability to generate and obtain such capital
 on acceptable terms, or at all, could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects; 

We
 are highly dependent on our Chief Executive Officer, and the loss of her services or a conflict of interest arising from her loans
 to us, and her other business endeavors would adversely affect us; 

Our
 business and the CBD industry generally are subject to substantial regulation and governmental scrutiny characterized by high compliance
 costs and uncertainty, including the possibility that laws change in a manner adverse to us; 

Panacea s
 operations and our new Chief Executive Officer were not previously subject to SEC reporting obligations, which could render us difficult
 to evaluate and expose us to risk; 

If
 we are unable to keep up with rapid technological change, consumer preferences and economic developments in our industry or in general,
 our products may become obsolete. 

We
 could become subject to data privacy and security claims or enforcement actions, particularly due to our digital marketing efforts; 

We
 may become subject to product liability or related claims based on our production and sale of products containing chemical compounds
 designed to be ingested or applied topically; 

4 

Our
 Chief Executive Officer, directly and through entities she controls, owns a majority of our outstanding common stock and voting power
 on an as-converted basis, rendering other stockholders ability to influence matters before them limited in most cases; and 

Operational
 risks such as material weaknesses and other deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting could result in errors, potentially
 requiring restatements of our historical financial data, leading investors to lose confidence in our reported results. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and the CBD Industry 

Because
we need to raise additional capital any financing based on our common stock or common stock equivalents will dilute our existing stockholders
and the terms of any such financing could impose restrictions on our operations. 

We
have depended upon loans from our Chief Executive Officer and principal stockholder and have primarily
financed our operations by borrowing funds from her. 

Because,
we are highly dependent on the services of Leslie Buttorff, our sole executive officer, the loss of her and our inability to expand our
management team, could harm our business. 

Our
success is largely dependent on the continued services of Leslie Buttorff, our Chief Executive Officer and principal stockholder. The
loss of the services of Ms. Buttorff would leave us without executive leadership, which could diminish our business and growth opportunities.
Additionally, Ms. Buttorff has business interests outside our company and a real estate holding company each of which hold shares in
us as a result of the recent share exchange under the Exchange Agreement. Accordingly, from time-to-time she may not devote her full
time and attention to our affairs, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, and there can be no assurance
that a conflict of interest will not arise from her other business ventures. Further, as of December 31, 2022, Ms. Buttorff holds demand
promissory notes totaling 14,796,011 at various interest rates ranging from 0 to 12 . Thus, she has the power to call the notes and
obtain all our assets. Additionally, we have a line of credit with Ms. Buttorff through which it may borrow up to 5 million at a 10 
annual interest rate. The fact that she continues to advance money and is our principal stockholder reflects her intent to support us. 

The
loss of Ms. Buttorff would have a material adverse effect on us. We do not have key man insurance on the life of Ms. Buttorff. Ms. Buttorff s
Employment Agreement with us (the Employment Agreement permits her to resign for good reason which includes our material
breach of the Employment Agreement including our failure to pay her. In the event Ms. Buttorff terminates her Employment Agreement for
good reason, this would result in the us owing her approximately 760,000 in severance pay plus any deferred compensation and earned
bonuses and other benefits and would leave us without an executive officer which may have a material adverse effect upon us, your investment,
and hamper our ability to continue operations. If we fail to procure the services of additional executive management or implement and
execute an effective contingency or succession plan for Ms. Buttorff, the loss of Ms. Buttorff would significantly disrupt our business
from which we may not be able to recover. 

If
we are unable to develop and maintain our brand and reputation for our product offerings, our business and prospects could be materially
harmed. 

Our
business and prospects depend, in part, on developing and then maintaining and strengthening our brand and reputation in the markets
we serve. If problems with our products cause our customers to have a negative experience or failure or delay in the delivery of our
products to our customers, our brand and reputation could be diminished. If we fail to develop, promote and maintain our brand and reputation
successfully, our business and prospects could be materially harmed. 

Because
we face intense competition, we may not be able to increase our market share which would materially and adversely affect us. 

Our
industry is highly competitive. It is possible that future competitors could enter our market, thereby causing us to lose market share
and revenues or fail to grow our operations and market presence as intended or at all. In addition, some of our current or future competitors
have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do or may have more experience or advantages in
the markets in which we will compete that will allow them to offer lower prices or higher quality products. If we do not successfully
compete with these competitors, we could fail to develop a sufficient market share to achieve our goals and our future business prospects
could be materially adversely affected. 

Because
the sale of our products involves the potential for product liability, we may incur significant losses and expenses in excess of our
insurance coverage. 

We
face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of our products results in, or is believed to have resulted
in, illness or injury. Our products are designed for ingestible or topical use and contain combinations of ingredients, and there is
little experience with or knowledge of the long-term effects of these combinations. In addition, interactions of these ingredients and
products with other products, prescription medications and over-the-counter treatments have not been fully explored or understood and
may have unintended consequences. Future research or results may lead to the discovery of unknown adverse side effects from CBD, which
would harm our business. 

5 

Although
we believe all our products will be safe when taken as directed by us, there is little long-term research on the effects of human consumption
of certain of the new product ingredients or combinations in concentrated form that we use or may in the future use in developing our
CBD products. Any instance of illness or negative side effects of ingesting CBD products or applying them topically on the skin could
have a material adverse effect on our business and operations by, among other things, exposing us to the risk of costly litigation and/or
governmental sanctions and dramatically reducing the demand for some or all our products. 

Any
product liability claims or related developments from our products or CBD in general may increase our costs and adversely affect our
revenue, product demand and operating results. Moreover, liability claims arising from a serious adverse event may increase our costs
through higher insurance premiums and deductibles and may make it more difficult to secure adequate insurance coverage in the future.
In addition, our product liability insurance may fail to cover future product liability claims, which, if adversely determined, could
subject us to substantial monetary damages. 

The
success of our business will depend upon our ability to create and expand our brand awareness. 

The
health and wellness and CBD markets we compete in are highly competitive, with many well-known brands leading the industry. Our competitors
include CBD companies who have a longer history operating in these markets than we do. Our ability to compete effectively and generate
revenue will be based upon our ability to create and expand awareness of our products distinct from those of our competitors. It is imperative
that we are able to convey to consumers the benefits of our products both in general and as compared to competitive offerings. However,
advertising, packaging and labeling of our products is limited by various regulations. Our success will be dependent upon our ability
to convey to consumers that our products are superior to those of our competitors while complying with complex and varying regulations
in the markets in which we attempt to market and sell them. 

If
we fail to develop and introduce new products it will adversely affect our future prospects. 

Our
industry is subject to rapid change. New products are constantly introduced to the market. Our ability to remain competitive depends
in part on our ability to enhance existing products, to develop and manufacture new products in a timely and cost-effective manner, to
adequately anticipate, prepare and execute strategies for market transitions, and to effectively market our products. Management believes
that our future financial results will depend to a great extent on the successful expansion of our current product offerings and on the
development and introduction of new products. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in selecting, developing, manufacturing
and marketing new products or in improving upon or enhancing the market for existing products. 

The
success of new product introductions or expansions to new territories depends on various factors, including, without limitation, the
following: 

Successful
 sales and marketing efforts; 

Timely
 delivery of the products; 

Availability
 of raw materials and/or sufficient production facilities; 

Pricing
 of raw materials and labor; 

Regulatory
 allowance and restrictions of the products; and 

Market
 acceptance and consumer sentiment. 

If
we fail to appropriately respond to changing consumer preferences and demand for new products, it could significantly harm our customer
relationships and product sales and harm our operating results and financial condition. 

Our
business is subject to changing consumer trends and preferences, especially with respect to targeted nutrition and natural wellness products.
Our success will depend in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes, and we may not respond in a timely or commercially
appropriate manner to such changes. Furthermore, the health and wellness industry is characterized by rapid and frequent changes in demand
for products and new product introductions and enhancements. Our failure to accurately predict these trends could negatively impact consumer
opinion of our products, which in turn could harm our customer relationships and product demands and cause the loss of sales. The success
of our product offerings depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to: 

Accurately
 anticipate consumer needs; 

Successfully
 commercialize new products or product enhancements in a timely manner; 

Price
 our products competitively; 

Arrange
 for the production and delivery our products in sufficient volumes and in a timely manner; 

Differentiate
 our products from those of our competitors; and 

Innovate
 and develop new products or product enhancements that meet these trends. 

If
we do not meet these challenges, some of our products could be rendered obsolete, which could negatively impact our operating results
and financial condition. 

Adverse
publicity associated with our products or ingredients, or those of our competitors or similar businesses, could adversely affect our
sales and revenue. 

Adverse
publicity concerning any actual or purported failure by us or our competitors to comply with applicable laws and regulations or concerning
any other aspect of our business or the CBD industry could have an adverse effect on the public perception of us and our products. This,
in turn, could negatively affect our ability to obtain financing, endorsers and attract distributors, retailers or consumers for our
products, which would have a material adverse effect. 

6 

Our
distributors and customers perception of the safety, utility and quality of our products or even similar products distributed
by others can be significantly influenced by national media attention, publicized scientific research or findings, product liability
claims and other publicity concerning our products or similar products distributed by others. Adverse publicity, whether accurate or
not, that causes a perceived connection between consumption of our products or any similar products and illness or other adverse effects,
will likely diminish the public s perception of and in turn the demand for our products. Claims that any products are ineffective,
inappropriately labeled or have inaccurate instructions as to their use, could have a material adverse effect on the market demand for
our products, including reducing our sales and revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

If
we are unable to manufacture our products in sufficient quantities or at defined quality specifications or are unable to maintain regulatory
approvals for our production facility, we may be unable to develop or meet demand for our products and lose time to market and potential
revenues. 

Commercialization
of our products require access to, or development of, facilities to manufacture a sufficient supply of our products. In the future we
may face difficulties in the development, production or distribution of our products. 

 We
may face competition for access to any third-party supply sources, development or production partners and facilities such as hemp growers
and may be subject to production delays if any of those third parties give their other business partners a higher priority than they
give to us. Even if we are able to identify additional or replacement third parties, the delays and costs associated with establishing
and maintaining a relationship with such third parties may have a material adverse effect on us. Further, a reduction in the control
of our production efforts would be inherent in any such outsourcing, which exposes us to a greater risk of liability, including regulatory
enforcement actions for alleged noncompliance with law and product liability claims. This could also result in lower product quality
which could negatively impact demand for our offerings or our competitive advantage. Any of these challenges could prevent us from achieving
our business objectives and harm your investment in us. 

If
the market opportunities for our current and potential future products are less lucrative than anticipated, our ability to generate revenues
may be adversely affected and our business may suffer. 

Our
understanding, expectation and estimates of the market for our current and future products may prove to be incorrect, and new test results
or studies, reports, legislative or regulatory developments or other factors beyond our control may result in the market for our products
being lower than anticipated on a regional, national or global scale. The number of individuals in the U.S. who are willing to purchase
our products may be lower than expected, or expectations for repetitive purchases and consumption may prove to be incorrect. These occurrences
could materially adversely affect our prospects and operational results. 

If
we are unable to establish relationships with third parties to carry out sales, marketing, and distribution functions or to create effective
marketing, sales, and distribution capabilities, we will be unable to market our products successfully. 

Our
business strategy includes using third parties to market and sell the products at the retail level. There can be no assurance that we
will successfully be able to establish marketing, sales, or distribution relationships with a sufficient number of third parties to meet
our goals, that such relationships, if established, will be successful, or that we will be successful in gaining market acceptance for
current or future products. To the extent that we enter into any marketing, sales, or distribution arrangements with third parties, our
product revenues per unit sold are expected to be lower than 

 if
we marketed, sold, and distributed our products directly, and any revenues we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties. 

If
we are unable to establish such third-party marketing and sales relationships, we would have to establish and grow in-house marketing
and sales capabilities. To market any products directly, we would have to build a marketing, sales, and distribution force that has technical
expertise and could support a distribution capability. Competition in the health and wellness and cannabinoid industries for technically
proficient marketing, sales, and distribution personnel is intense, and attracting and retaining such personnel may significantly increase
our costs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to establish internal marketing, sales, or distribution capabilities or that
these capabilities will be sufficient to meet our needs. 

Because
of the Russian Invasion of Ukraine, the effect on the capital markets and the economy is uncertain, and as a result we may have to deal
with a recessionary economy and economic uncertainty, including possible adverse effects upon our ability to raise capital as and when
needed. 

As
a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, certain events are beginning to affect the global and U.S. economy including increased inflation,
substantial increases in the prices of oil and gas, large Western companies ceasing to do business in Russia and uncertain capital markets
with declines in leading market indexes. The duration of this war and its impact are at best uncertain. Ultimately the economy may turn
into a recession with uncertain and potentially severe impacts upon public companies and us, including our ability to raise capital.
We cannot predict how this will affect our operations or the industries in which we operate, however any such impact may be material
and adverse. 

7 

We
have a limited operating history upon which investors can evaluate our future prospects. 

Panacea
was founded and began operations in the CBD industry in 2017 and we therefore have a limited operating history upon which an evaluation
of our business plan or performance and prospects can be made. Our business and prospects must be considered in the light of the potential
problems, delays, uncertainties and complications encountered in connection with a business which is still in its early stages in a relatively
new industry characterized by unexpected change. The risks include, but are not limited to, the possibility that we fail to develop functional
and scalable products, or that although functional and scalable, our products will not be economical to market in order to become or
remain profitable; that our competitors hold proprietary rights precluding us from marketing such products; that our competitors offer
a superior or equivalent product or otherwise achieve or maintain greater market acceptance than us; that we are unable to upgrade or
improve our processes and products to accommodate new features and expand our offerings; or that we fail to receive or maintain necessary
regulatory clearances and compliance for our products and operations. In order to grow our revenue, we must develop and improve upon
our brand name recognition and competitive advantages for our products and expand into new markets. Even if we accomplish such growth,
resulting expenses may be greater than estimated, which could reduce or even eliminate any revenue gains for which such endeavors were
made. There are no assurances that we can successfully address these challenges. If we are unsuccessful, our business, financial condition
and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

If
the market for CBD products declines, it would materially and adversely affect our business. 

Following
the passage of the 2018 Farm Bill described below, our industry experienced an influx of hemp farmers and producers which resulted in
a saturated marketplace. As a result, the supply for CBD and related products has in the past exceeded demand. This trend could force
us to reduce our prices to remain competitive or could result in lower sales levels than we have experienced in the past, either of which
would result in a decline in revenue or growth rate and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and prospects. 

If
we fail to attract new customers in a cost-effective manner, our business may be harmed. 

A
large part of our success depends on our ability to attract new customers in a cost-effective manner. We have made, and may continue
to make, significant investments in attracting new customers through increased advertising spends on social media, radio, podcasts, and
targeted email communications, other media and events, sponsorships, and influencer sponsorships. Marketing campaigns can be expensive
and may not result in the cost-effective acquisition of customers. Further, as our brand becomes more widely known, future marketing
campaigns may not attract new customers at the same rate as past campaigns and the cost of acquiring new customers may increase over
time. Additionally, regulation, algorithms, or participants in the digital marketing ecosystem may change rules for our industry or access
to available demographics which may result in significant changes in the ability to target key demographic pools, impacting our ability
to target our customers effectively. If we are unable to attract new customers, or fail to do so in a cost-effective manner, our business
may be harmed. 

Even
if we meet our growth objectives and our enter into new markets as intended, we may face difficulties evaluating our current and future
business prospects, and we may be unable to effectively manage any growth associated with these achievements, which would increase the
risk of your investment losing value and could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
entry into new markets and/or growth in our product offering or consumer base may place a significant strain on our resources and increase
demands on our executive management, personnel and operational systems, and our human, administrative and financial resources may be
inadequate to meet these demands. We may also be unable to effectively manage any expanded operations or achieve planned growth on a
timely or profitable basis, particularly if the number of customers using our products significantly increases within a short period
of time. If we are unable to manage expanded operations effectively, we may experience operating inefficiencies, the quality of our products
could decline, and our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

If
we cannot manage our growth effectively, our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

We
expect to experience growth as we raise additional capital. Businesses which grow rapidly often have difficulty managing their growth
while maintaining their compliance and quality standards. If we grow as rapidly as anticipated, we will need to expand our management
by recruiting and employing additional executive and key personnel capable of providing the necessary support. There can be no assurance
that management, along with staff, will be able to effectively manage our growth nor can there be any assurance that growth in our product
offerings, customer base or contracts will translate to an increase in revenue or profitability. Any failure to meet the challenges associated
with rapid growth could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Existing
or future governmental regulations relating to cannabinoid products may harm or prevent our ability to produce and/or sell our product
offerings. 

While
a majority of state governments in the United States have legalized the growing, production, and use of CBD in some form and subject
to certain restrictions, cannabis remains illegal under federal law. In addition, in July 2017, the United States Drug Enforcement Agency
issued a statement that certain CBD extractions fall within the definition of marijuana and are therefore a Schedule I controlled substance
under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970, as amended. Thus, the cannabis industry, including companies which sell products containing
CBD, faces significant uncertainty surrounding regulation by the federal government, which could claim supremacy over state regulatory
regimes including those with a friendlier view toward CBD products. While the federal government has for several years
chosen to not intervene in the cannabis business conducted legally within the states that have legislated such activities, there is,
nonetheless, potential that the federal government may at any time choose to begin enforcing its laws against the manufacture, possession,
or use of cannabis-based products such as CBD. Similarly, there is the possibility that the federal government may enact legislation
or rules that authorize the manufacturing, possession or use of those products under specific guidelines. Local, state and federal cannabis
laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations. In the event the federal government was to tighten its
regulation of the industry, we would likely suffer a material adverse effect on our business, including potentially substantial losses. 

8 

Because
laws and regulations affecting our industry are evolving, changes to any regulation may materially affect our CBD products. 

In
conjunction with the enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 (the Farm Bill ), the Food and Drug Administration
(the FDA released a statement about the status of CBD as a nutritional supplement, and the agency s actions in the
short term with regards to CBD will guide the industry. As a company whose products contain CBD, we intend to meet all FDA guidelines
as the regulations evolve. Any difficulties in compliance with future government regulation could increase our operating costs and adversely
impact our results of operations in future periods. 

In
addition, as a result of the Farm Bill s passage, we expect that there will be a constant evolution of laws and regulations affecting
the CBD industry which could affect our operations. Local, state and federal hemp laws and regulations may be broad in scope and subject
to changing interpretations. These changes may require us to incur substantial costs associated with legal and compliance fees and ultimately
require us to alter our business plan. Furthermore, violations of these laws, or alleged violations, could disrupt our business and result
in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, we cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations
or applications, and it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our business. 

Unexpected
changes in federal and state law could cause any of our current products, as well as products that we intend to develop and launch, containing
hemp-derived CBD oil to be illegal, or could otherwise prohibit, limit or restrict any of our products containing CBD. 

Our
business is based on the production and distribution of products containing hemp-derived CBD. The Farm Bill, which amended various sections
of the U.S. Code, and legalized the cultivation and sale of industrial hemp at the federal level, subject to compliance with certain
federal requirements and state law. There can be no assurance that the Farm Bill will not be repealed or amended such that our products
containing hemp-derived CBD would once again be deemed illegal under federal law. 

The
Farm Bill delegates the authority to the states to regulate and limit the production of hemp and hemp-derived products within their territories.
Although many states have adopted laws and regulations that allow for the production and sale of hemp and hemp-derived products under
certain circumstances, no assurance can be given that such state laws may not be repealed or amended such that our intended products
containing hemp-derived CBD would once again be deemed illegal under the laws of one or more states now permitting such products, which
in turn would render such intended products illegal in those states under federal law even if the federal law is unchanged. In the event
of either repeal of federal or of state laws and regulations, or of amendments thereto that are adverse to our intended products, we
may be restricted or limited with respect to those products that we may sell or distribute, which could adversely impact our intended
business plan with respect to such intended products. 

Additionally,
the FDA has indicated that certain products containing CBD are not permissible under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA ),
notwithstanding the passage of the Farm Bill. On December 20, 2018, after the Farm Bill became law, then FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb
issued a statement in which he reiterated the FDA s position that CBD products that are marketed with a claim of therapeutic benefit
must be approved by the FDA for their intended use before they may be distributed in interstate commerce and that the FDCA prohibits
interstate distribution of food products containing CBD and marketing products containing CBD as a dietary supplement, regardless of
whether the substances are hemp-derived. Although we believe our existing and planned CBD products comply with applicable federal and
state laws and regulations, legal proceedings alleging violations of such laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. Sources of hemp-derived CBD depend upon legality of cultivation, processing, marketing and sales
of products derived from those plants under state law. 

Hemp-derived
CBD can only be legally produced in states that have laws and regulations that allow for such production and that comply with the Farm
Bill, apart from state laws legalizing and regulating medical and recreational cannabis or marijuana, which remains illegal under federal
law. This is one of the reasons why we are based in Colorado. Unexpected changes in federal and state law could cause our current CBD
production methods or resulting products, as well as products that we intend to develop and launch, to be illegal or could otherwise
prohibit, limit or restrict some or all of our products in the event of repeal or amendment of laws and regulations which are now comparatively
favorable to the cannabis/hemp industry in certain states, we would be required to locate new suppliers in states with laws and regulations
that qualify under the Farm Bill. If we were to be unsuccessful in arranging new sources of supply of our raw ingredients, or if our
raw ingredients were to become legally unavailable, our intended business plan with respect to such products could be adversely impacted. 

Because
we and our distributors may only sell and ship our products containing hemp-derived CBD in states that have adopted laws and regulations
qualifying under the Farm Bill, a reduction in the number of states having such qualifying laws and regulations could limit, restrict
or otherwise preclude the sale of intended products containing hemp-derived CBD. 

The
interstate shipment of hemp-derived CBD from one state to another is legal only where both states have laws and regulations that allow
for the production and sale of such products and that qualify under the Farm Bill. Therefore, the marketing and sale of our products
is limited by such factors and is restricted to such states. Although we believe we may lawfully sell any of our finished products including
those containing CBD in a majority of states, a repeal or adverse amendment of laws and regulations that are now favorable to the distribution,
marketing and sale of finished products we intend to sell could significantly limit, restrict or prevent us from generating revenue related
to our products that contain hemp-derived CBD. Additionally, any such adverse changes or existing legislation in new markets we target
may stunt our growth and diminish our prospects. Any such repeal or adverse amendment of laws and regulations could have an adverse impact
on our business plan with respect to such products. 

9 

Costs
associated with compliance with numerous laws and regulations and quality standards could adversely impact our financial results. 

The
manufacture, labeling and distribution of CBD products is regulated by various federal, state and local government agencies. These governmental
authorities regulate our products and processes to ensure that the products are not adulterated or misbranded. We are subject to regulation
by the federal government and other state and local agencies as a result of our CBD products. In addition to the risks associated with
the possibility of government enforcement or private litigation due to alleged noncompliance, our compliance costs associated with our
day-to-day operations are high and are expected to increase as we expand into new markets and/or develop and market new products. For
example, as a seed to sale CBD business, meaning a business which handles every step of a CBD product s manufacture
and sale in-house rather than relying on third parties for some or all the production and distribution steps, we are responsible for
the quality of our product, and the means by which it is produced and marketed, at every stage. Compliance with regulations imposed on
our business model means we must deploy and maintain an advanced computer monitoring system which allows us to track our production and
distribution process. We must train our employees and utilize and maintain security measures to ensure our facility functions properly.
Compliance with these and other government requirements for product monitoring, quality, labelling and distribution are costly which
may limit our profitability. 

Our
products or third parties with whom we do business may not comply with health, safety and labelling standards. 

We
do not have control over all of the third parties involved in the sale of our products and their compliance with government health, safety
and labelling standards. Even if our products meet these standards, they could otherwise become contaminated or fail, or the standards
could be changed in a manner adverse to our operations or those of our business partners. A failure to meet these standards could occur
in our operations or those of our distributors or suppliers. This could result in expensive production interruptions, recalls, regulatory
investigations and enforcement actions and liability claims. Moreover, negative publicity could be generated from false, unfounded or
nominal liability claims or limited recalls. Any of these failures or occurrences could negatively affect our business and financial
performance. 

If
we fail to comply with U.S. laws related to privacy, data security, and data protection, it could adversely affect our operating results
and financial condition. 

We
rely on a variety of marketing techniques, including email, radio, display advertising, and social media marketing, targeted online advertisements,
and postal mailings, and we are or may become subject to various laws and regulations that govern such marketing and advertising practices.
A variety of federal and state laws and regulations, including those enforced by various federal government agencies such as the Federal
Trade Commission, Federal Communications Commission, and state and local agencies, govern the collection, use, retention, sharing, and
security of personal data, particularly in the context of online advertising, which we utilize to attract new customers. 

The
legislative and regulatory bodies or self-regulatory organizations in various jurisdictions inside the United States may expand current
laws or regulations, enact new laws or regulations, or issue revised rules or guidance regarding privacy, data protection, consumer protection,
information security, and online advertising. California has enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA ),
which became operative on January 1, 2020, and its implementing regulations took effect in August 2020. The CCPA requires companies that
process personal information on California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about such companies data collection,
use, and sharing practices and inform consumers of their personal information rights such as deletion rights, allows consumers to opt
out of certain data sharing with third parties, and provides a new cause of action for data breaches. In November 2020, California enacted
the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the CPRA ), which amends and expands the scope of the CCPA, while introducing
new privacy protections that extend beyond those included in the CCPA and its implementing regulations. The CCPA, as amended and expanded
by the CPRA, is one of the most prescriptive general privacy law in the United States and may lead to similar laws being enacted in other
U.S. states or at the federal level. For example, the State of Nevada also passed a law effective on October 1, 2019 that amends the
state s online privacy law to allow consumers to submit requests to prevent websites and online service providers Operators from selling personally identifiable information that Operators collect through a website or online service. Further, on March 2, 2021,
the Governor of Virginia signed into law the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (the VCDPA ). The VCDPA creates consumer
rights, similar to the CCPA, but also imposes security and assessment requirements for businesses. In addition, on July 7, 2021, Colorado,
the state in which we are headquartered, enacted the Colorado Privacy Act CoCPA ), becoming the third comprehensive consumer
privacy law to be passed in the United States (after the CCPA and VCDPA). Although the CoCPA closely resembles the VCDPA, both of which
do not contain a private right of action and will instead be enforced by the respective states Attorney General and district attorneys,
the two differ in many ways and once they become enforceable in 2023, we must comply with each if our operations fall within the scope
of these newly enacted comprehensive mandates. Prior efforts undertaken to comply with other recent privacy-related laws have proven
that these initiatives require time to carefully plan, assess gaps in current compliance mechanisms, and implement new policies, processes
and remediation efforts. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission and state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer
protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. Each of these privacy, security,
and data protection laws and regulations, and any other such changes or new laws or regulations, could impose significant limitations,
require changes to our business model or practices, or restrict our use or storage of personal information, which may increase our compliance
expenses and make our business more costly or less efficient to conduct. In addition, any such changes could compromise our ability to
develop an adequate marketing strategy and pursue our growth strategy effectively, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

While
we intend to strive to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data security, and data protection, given that
the scope, interpretation, and application of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be in conflict across jurisdictions,
it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another
and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by us or third-party service providers to comply
with privacy or security policies or privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized
release or transfer of personal data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, or negative publicity, and could have
an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

10 

Our
planned expansion into international markets will involve inherent risks that we may not be able to control. 

Our
business plan includes the eventual marketing and sale of our products in international markets. Specifically, we do not currently have
a set time frame for entering these markets. Accordingly, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected by a variety
of uncontrollable and changing factors relating to international business operations, including: 

Economic
 conditions adversely affecting geographic areas in which we intend to do business; 

Foreign
 currency exchange rates; 

Political
 or social unrest or economic instability in a specific country or region; 

Higher
 costs of doing business in foreign countries; 

Infringement
 claims on foreign patents, copyrights or trademark rights; 

Difficulties
 in staffing and managing operations across disparate geographic areas; 

Difficulties
 associated with enforcing agreements and intellectual property rights through foreign legal systems; 

Trade
 protection measures and other regulatory requirements, which may affect our ability to import or export our products from or to various
 countries; 

Adverse
 tax consequences; 

Unexpected
 changes in legal and regulatory requirements and challenges in complying with varying requirements across jurisdictions; and 

Military
 conflict, terrorist activities, natural disasters and medical epidemics. 

If
we are unable to overcome these or other challenges in executing our planned expansion into international markets, our prospects would
be materially adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

We
may become involved in litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights. 

A
third party may sue us or our strategic collaborators for infringing its intellectual property rights. Likewise, we may need to resort
to litigation to enforce licensed rights or to determine the scope and validity of third-party intellectual property rights. The cost
to us of any litigation or other proceeding relating to intellectual property rights, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial,
and the litigation would divert our efforts. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more
effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. If we do not prevail in this type of litigation, we or our
strategic collaborators may be required to pay monetary damages; stop commercial activities relating to the affected products or services;
obtain a license in order to continue manufacturing or marketing the affected products or services; or attempt to compete in the market
with a substantially similar product. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could limit our
ability to continue some of our operations. In addition, a court may require that we pay expenses or damages, and litigation could distract
management or disrupt our commercial activities. 

If
we become involved in intellectual property litigation, such litigation is likely to be expensive and time-consuming and could be unsuccessful. 

Our
commercial success will depend in part on our avoiding infringement on the patents and proprietary rights of third parties for products
we license or sell. There is substantial litigation, both within and outside the United States, involving patent and other intellectual
property rights in the health and wellness industry, including patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, oppositions, and reexaminations
and other post-grant proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and corresponding foreign patent offices. Numerous U.S.
and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications which are owned by third parties may exist with products we may license and
sell. 

Parties
making intellectual property claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could block our ability to further
develop and commercialize one or more products. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, involves substantial litigation expense
and would be a substantial diversion of our management s attention from our business. If a claim of infringement against us succeeds,
we may have to pay substantial damages, possibly including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties,
redesign our infringing products or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time
and monetary expenditure. 

To
counter infringement or unauthorized use claims against us, we may be required to file infringement claims in response, or we may be
required to defend the validity or enforceability of any such intellectual property rights. In an infringement proceeding, a court may
decide that either our or one or more of our licensors intellectual property rights are not valid or is unenforceable or may refuse
to stop the other party from using the underlying concepts or technology at issue because our intellectual property rights do not cover
those elements. In any event, intellectual property litigation is expensive and time consuming and we may be unsuccessful in defending
or enforcing such claims, which would materially harm our business. 

Any
inability to protect our intellectual property rights could reduce the value of our products and brands, which could adversely affect
our financial condition, results of operations and business. 

Our
business is partly dependent upon our trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights. Effective intellectual
property rights protection, however, may not be available under the laws of every country in which we and our sub-licensees may operate.
There is a risk of certain valuable trade secrets being exposed to potential infringers. Regardless of whether our compounds and technology
are or becomes protected by patents or otherwise, there is a risk that other companies may employ such compounds or technology without
authorization and without recompensing us. 

11 

The
efforts we take to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual
property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. In addition, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly
and time consuming. There is a risk that we may have insufficient resources to counter adequately such infringements through negotiation
or the use of legal remedies. It may not be practicable or cost effective for us to fully protect our intellectual property rights in
some countries or jurisdictions. If we are unable to successfully identify and stop unauthorized use of our intellectual property, we
could lose potential revenue and experience increased operational and enforcement costs, which could adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations and business. 

The
intellectual property behind our products may include unpublished know-how, which is dependent on certain key individuals, as well as
existing and pending intellectual property protection. 

The
commercialization of our products is partially dependent upon know-how and trade secrets held by certain individuals working with and
for us. Because the expertise runs deep in these few individuals, if something were to happen to any or all of these individuals, the
ability to properly manufacture our products without compromising quality and performance could be diminished greatly. Further, [while
our employees and contractors are subject to non-disclosure obligations,] any misappropriation of confidential information including
trade secrets and know-how could allow our competitors and others to overcome any advantage we have and reduce our market share and viability. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities and Our Status as an SEC Reporting Company 

Because
our Chief Executive Officer, directly and through entities she controls, beneficially owns approximately 61 of our issued and outstanding
common stock and voting power on an as-converted basis, she can exert significant control over our business and affairs which may be
averse to those of our stockholders, particularly if a conflict of interest arises. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and currently one of our two directors, owns approximately 61 of our issued and outstanding shares of common
stock and voting power on an as-converted basis. As of December 31, 2022, Ms. Buttorff and or her companies also hold 14.796 million
in demand notes which bear interest at a rate ranging from 0 to 12 per annum. The interests of Ms. Buttorff may differ from the interests
of our other stockholders, including by virtue of her other businesses operated through her entities and their holdings that are not
affiliated with us. As a result, Ms. Buttorff will have significant influence and control over all corporate actions including those
actions requiring stockholder approval, irrespective of how our minority stockholders may vote, including the following actions: 

the
 election of our directors; 

charter
 or bylaw amendments; 

a
 merger, asset sale or other fundamental corporate transaction; and 

any
 other matter submitted to our stockholders for a vote, subject only to applicable law including the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

This
concentration of ownership and the conflicts of interest may have the effect of impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business
combination or tender offer for our common stock which other stockholders may deem desirable or could reduce our stock price or prevent
our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price in such a transaction. Further, to the extent our other stockholders disagree
with an action Ms. Buttorff elects to take as a stockholder, their ability to prevent such action or avoid the effect on their shareholdings
will range from significantly limited to non-existent due to our current capital structure, subject only to applicable law and our charter
documents. Therefore, if Ms. Buttorff has an interest adverse to other stockholders, or if other stockholders otherwise disagree with
Ms. Buttorff with respect to a matter before the stockholders, they will have little to no control over that matter and the direction
we ultimately take. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage
our business. 

The
federal securities laws require us to comply with SEC reporting requirements relating to our business and securities. Complying with
these reporting and other regulatory obligations is time-consuming and will result in increased costs to us which could have a negative
effect on our financial condition or business. These increased costs are not reflected in the financial statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K because during the periods covered Panacea was a private company not subject to SEC reporting obligations. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These
requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources. We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports with the
SEC disclosing certain aspects and developments of our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain
effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. To maintain and improve the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures, we will need to commit significant resources, hire additional executive officers and personnel
and provide for additional management oversight. We intend to implement additional procedures and processes for the purpose of addressing
the standards and requirements applicable to SEC reporting companies. Sustaining our growth will also require us to commit additional
managerial, operational and financial resources to identifying competent professionals to join us and to maintain appropriate operational
and financial systems to adequately support our intended expansion. These activities may divert management s attention from other
business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or business. 

12 

Due
to factors beyond our control, our stock price may be volatile. 

Any
of the following factors could affect the market price of our common stock: 

Our
 failure to generate increasing material revenues from our business; 

Our
 failure to enhance our product offerings or expand into new markets; 

A
 decline in our revenue or growth rate; 

Our
 public disclosure of the terms of any financing which we consummate in the future; 

A
 decline in the economy which impacts the demand for our products and our ability to generate revenue and achieve growth metrics; 

Announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, new products, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures or capital
 commitments; 

Changes
 in laws, regulations or government actions affecting the cannabinoid industry in general or our products in particular; 

Our
 ability to list our common stock on a national securities exchange; 

Our
 ability to attract analyst coverage; 

The
 sale of large numbers of shares of common stock by our shareholders; 

Short
 selling activities; or 

Changes
 in market valuations of similar companies. 

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been instituted. A securities class action suit against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s
time and attention, which would otherwise be used to benefit our business. 
These broad market and industry factors may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock, regardless of our
actual operating performance. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We
are subject to the penny stock rules which will adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The market price of our common stock on the OTCQB is presently less than 5.00
per share and therefore we are considered a penny stock company according to SEC rules. While we intend to effect a reverse
stock split pending compliance with SEC Rules, including the filing of a Schedule 14C, to increase our stock price, until such time as
our stock price rises above 5.00 per share (which may not occur following the reverse stock split or at all), the penny stock 
designation requires any broker-dealer selling our securities to disclose certain information concerning the transaction, obtain a written
agreement from the purchaser and determine that the purchaser is reasonably suitable to purchase the securities. These rules limit the
ability of broker-dealers to solicit purchases of our common stock and therefore reduce the liquidity of the public market for our shares. 

Broker-dealers
are increasingly reluctant to permit investors to buy or sell speculative unlisted stock and often impose costs which make it uneconomical
for small shareholders to do so. Moreover, as a result of apparent regulatory pressure from the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority FINRA a growing number of broker-dealers decline to permit investors to purchase and sell or otherwise make
it difficult to sell shares of penny stocks. The penny stock designation may have a depressive effect upon our common stock
price which the prospective reverse stock split may not sufficiently overcome. 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is in doubt unless we obtain adequate new debt or equity financing and achieve sufficient sales
levels. 

As
noted above, we have incurred significant net losses to date. We anticipate that we will continue to lose money for the foreseeable future.
Additionally, we have negative cash flows from operations and we our revenue may exceed our expenses in the next 12 months. Since our
inception in 2017, we have generated losses from operations. As of December 31, 2021, our accumulated deficit was 16.7 million, and
we had 3.8 million in cash and liquid stock. Our continued existence is dependent upon generating sufficient working capital and obtaining
adequate new debt or equity financing. These factors raise doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of 12
months from the issuance date of this report. Management cannot provide assurance that we will ultimately achieve or maintain profitable
operations or become cash flow positive or raise additional debt and/or equity capital. Because of our continuing losses, without improvements
in our cash flow from operations or new financing, we may have to continue to restrict our expenditures. Working capital limitations
may impinge on our day-to-day operations, which may contribute to continued operating losses. 

Operational
risks such as material weaknesses and other deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting could result in errors, potentially
requiring restatements of our historical financial data, leading investors to lose confidence in our reported results. 

13 

There
are a number of factors that may impede our efforts to establish and maintain effective internal controls and a sound accounting infrastructure,
including our lacking a Chief Financial Officer, our pace of growth, and general uncertainty regarding the operating effectiveness and
sustainability of controls. Controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, provide only reasonable assurance that
material errors in our financial statements will be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Any failure to establish and maintain effective
internal controls over financial reporting increases the risk of material error and/or delay in our financial reporting. Depending on
the nature of a failure and any required remediation, ineffective controls could have a material adverse effect on our business and potentially
result in additional restatements of our historical financial results. Financial restatements or other issues arising from ineffective
controls and our recent change of our auditors could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which
would have an adverse effect on the trading price of our securities. Delays in meeting our financial reporting obligations could affect
our ability to maintain the listing of our securities. Although we seek to reduce these risks through active efforts relating to properly
documented processes, adequate systems, risk culture, compliance with regulations, corporate governance and other factors supporting
internal controls, such procedures may not be effective in limiting each of the operational risks. 

Potential
Impacts of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Our Business Operations 

As
disclosed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, the COVID-19 pandemic has had a notable impact on general economic conditions,
including but not limited to the temporary closures of many businesses, shelter in place and other governmental regulations,
reduced business and consumer spending due to both job losses and reduced investing activity, among many other effects attributable to
the COVID-19 pandemic, and there continue to be many unknowns. 

Potential
Impacts of Certain Current and Proposed Regulations on Our Business and Operations 

A
bill titled the Cannabis Administration and Opportunity Act, put forward by Senate Majority leader Chuck Schumer, D-NY, would amend the
definition of a dietary supplement to remove the prohibition on marketing CBD as a dietary supplement. Management sees the bill, if enacted,
as an opportunity for the FDA to accelerate their decision to classify CBD products as a dietary supplement. This would be a significant
step for hemp/CBD companies as it would open the door to new selling opportunities, such as getting into retail stores, who have largely
been hesitant to welcome CBD in their doors without a clear position from the FDA. 

Many
people are increasingly turning to CBD products for several reasons: CBD is non-psychoactive, so it does not produce a high 
like THC, there are few known contraindications, the properties of different cannabinoids can positively affect a wide range of ailments,
and cannabinoids work directly and indirectly with the body s endocannabinoid system to create balance known as homeostasis. As
demand increases, we believe the FDA must provide more clarity about CBD s legalization, and this bill is a promising first step. 

For
now, many companies that produce hemp-derived CBD products including us undertake to abide by the same regulations as any other dietary
supplements like ingredient filings, good manufacturing practices (GMP), and labeling and marketing provisions. We will continue to sell
CBD and other hemp-derived products while still awaiting a clear path from the FDA about how CBD products can be marketed and used. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

XXII
has allocated 10 acres of the Needle Rock Farm in Delta County, CO to Panacea. We also lease our laboratory space at 16194 West 45 th
 Drive, Golden, CO 80403 from J N Real Estate Company, LLC which is owned by its CEO. See Note 5 to our consolidated financials. 

14 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
have sued Defendants, Mike Fisher, in his official capacity as Osage County District Attorney ex rel. State of Oklahoma as an
investigating and/or prosecuting body, Eddie Virden in his official capacity as the Sheriff of the City of Osage as holder of the property,
and the City of Pawhuska as the property seizing body, (collectively the Government Defendants for the return of approximately
17,000 pounds of industrial hemp (the Property ). We believe we were entitled to possession of the Property pursuant to
an August 23, 2018, contract between us and Blue Circle Development, LLC BCD ), wherein we agreed to pay and BCD agreed
to deliver the Property according to certain terms. Plaintiff performed pursuant to the contract and is entitled to possession of the
Property. We believe the Government Defendants wrongfully detained the Property and is responsible for damages to the Property and to
us. On or about May 4, 2020, the Government Defendants improperly released the Property to BCD in violation of a Court Order. We have
asserted claims against the Government Defendants for interference with the Court Order and BCD for improperly intercepting the Property
from us. The case is currently set for a trial date in March 2023. 

On
February 16, 2021, Henley Group, Inc. filed with the Superior Court of the State of California, San Bernardino County, a complaint (Case
#: SIV SB 2105771) against us for breach of contract and fraud related to our non-delivery of product. While we refunded the purchase
price, the plaintiff seeks damages including lost profits and costs which plaintiff alleged to have incurred in the amount of approximately
 45,000 as well as lost profits from expected future contracts with a prospective third-party buyer which plaintiff alleged to be 720,000.
The plaintiff also seeks attorney s fees and costs, consequential damages and punitive damages. This case was dismissed in May,
2022. 

On
October 7, 2019, CMI Mechanical CMI agreed to procure, deliver, and install a dehumidification system (the System at our facility located at 16194 W. 45th Drive, Golden, Colorado 80403 (the Property ). We believe the System has failed
to meet the requirements of the subject contract, and CMI has not remedied that failure for us. We withheld certain payments as permitted
under the contract. On December 10, 2020, CMI recorded a lien against the Property in the amount of 108,001.48. On January 27, 2021,
the Panacea s attorney notified CMI that its lien was invalid, overstated, and violated the terms of the contract. The letter also
demanded that CMI remove the system at CMI s own cost. The lien was since dropped. We settled this dispute in February 2022. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

15 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrants Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB over-the-counter market under the symbol PLSH. Over-the-counter market quotations reflect
inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. On March
28, 2023 the closing bid price on the OTC Markets for our Common Stock was 0.249. 

Penny
Stock 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a market price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or
quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided
by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny
stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the
customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of
the securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks
and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary
actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such
other information and is in such form, including language, type size and format, as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which
such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and
(d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement as to transactions involving penny stocks,
and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. 

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity for our common stock. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty
selling our securities. 

Holders
of Our Common Stock 

As
of March 28, 2023, we had 14,965,317 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, and approximately 186 shareholders on record. 

Dividends 

There
are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes,
however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 

1.
We would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or; 

 2.
Our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders
who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. 

We
have not declared any dividends and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

A
smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this report. Our discussion includes
forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations
and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
because of several factors, including those set forth under the Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and Business sections in our 2021 10-K,
this report, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, 
 plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, 
 intend, may, will, should, could, and similar expressions to identify
forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated
growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Such
statements are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risk factors described throughout this
report. 

16 

General 

We
are a Nevada corporation organized in 2008. Exactus, Inc. was our former name. We have pursued opportunities in hemp-based businesses,
which we refer to as cannabinoids or CBD . On June 30, 2021 Panacea Life Sciences, Inc. Panacea entered into
an Exchange Agreement with Exactus and as a result became a seed-to-sale Cannabinoid company. The former Panacea stockholders have assumed
majority control of us and all our operations are now operated through Panacea which because of the share exchange became our wholly
owned subsidiary. Leslie Buttorff, became our Chief Executive Officer and a director upon the closing of the share exchange, also became
our principal stockholder through common stock and Convertible Preferred Stock issued to her and entities she controls. 

Panacea
Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. (PLSH) is holding company structured to support the life sciences and health and wellness industry. Panacea,
which was founded by Leslie Buttorff in 2017 as a woman-owned business, attracted a 14 million investment from 22 nd Century
Group, Inc., or XXII, a plant biotechnology company which also has a focus on CBD products and technology, during 2019. XXII has retained
a 15.19 stake in us following the share exchange. Through Panacea, we are dedicated to developing and producing the highest-quality,
most medically relevant, legal, hemp-derived cannabinoid products for consumers and pets. Beginning at a farm Panacea owns a parcel of
located at Needle Rock, Colorado and leases laboratory space located within a 51,000 square foot, state-of-the-art, cGMP, extraction,
manufacturing, testing and fulfillment center located in Golden, Colorado, Panacea operates in every segment of the CBD product value
chain. From cultivation to finished goods, Panacea ensures its products with stringent testing protocols employed at every stage of the
supply chain. Panacea endeavors to offer pure natural remedies within product lines for every aspect of life: PANA Life , PANA Beauty ,
PANA Sport , PANA Pet , PANA PURE and PANA Health . 

Its
subsidiary, Panacea Life Sciences, Inc. (PLS) is dedicated to manufacturing, research and producing the highest-quality, hemp-derived
cannabinoid, functional mushroom, Kratom and nutraceutical products for consumers and pets. From cultivation to finished goods, the company
ensures its products with stringent GMP standards and testing protocols employed at every stage of the supply chain. 

We
are well positioned to develop novel hemp extracts as dietary supplements and topical applications. Our biotechnology plans focus on
our research at Colorado State University where we are involved in several health-related research studies. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

The
following table sets forth our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Period to 

2022 
 2021 
 Period Change 

Revenues from cannabinoid sales 
 1,515,448 
 1,933,627 
 (418,179 
 
 Revenues from PPE sales 
 111,530 
 66,000 
 45,530 
 
 Cost of sales 
 1,230,508 
 1,519,049 
 (288,541 
 
 Operating expenses 
 4,955,348 
 4,959,059 
 (3,710 
 
 General and administrative 
 1,093,364 
 1,518,687 
 (425,322 
 
 Interest expense 
 (2,048,171 
 (1,105,243 
 (942,928 
 
 Unrealized gain on marketable securities 
 (2,660,105 
 1,008,046 
 (3,668,151 
 
 Realized gain on sale of securities 
 22,816 
 160,296 
 (137,480 
 
 Other income (loss) 
 27,598 
 - 
 27,598 
 
 Employer retention credit 
 253,791 
 396,679 
 (142,888 
 
 Rental income 
 232,183 
 236,560 
 (4,377 
 
 Loss on sale of assets 
 - 
 (297,351 
 297,351 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 681,546 
 755,782 
 (74,236 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Net
Revenues 

We
are principally engaged in the business of manufacturing, producing and selling products for nutraceutical companies and our own products
made from industrial hemp. Revenue consists of sales of our five category of brand products, white label and contract manufacturing sales
to other CBD companies, raw material sales (distillate and isolate), and tolling arrangements. 

Our
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased by 432,649, or 21 , to 1,626,978 as compared to 2,059,627 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The decrease in sales is in 2021 was due primarily to the decrease of CBD sales and the continued impact COVID and
the economy has had on the CBD business. In 2022, we continued to see many of our CBD customers go out of business, so this continued
to impact our white label and contract manufacturing contracts. We expect the decrease in sales activity to continue due to limited capital
resources until we consummate additional financing. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, correspondingly decreased by 288,541, or 19 , to 1,230,508 as compared to 1,519,049
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cost of sales was due primarily to decrease in sales as well as the effect of COVID-19
on the materials supply chain. The primary components of cost of sales include the cost of manufacturing the CBD products. The decrease
in costs corresponds to the decrease in sales. 

17 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased by 429,032, or 7 , to 6,048,712 as compared to 6,677,746 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to a cut back in general and administrative expenses of 425,322. 

The
decrease in general and administrative expenses of 429,032 or 7 to 1,093,364 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to
 1,518,686 for the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to decreases in sales commissions, sales and marketing activities
as well as decreases in professional fees such as legal fees and consulting services. 

Within
the total G A category of expenses, sales and marketing expenses decreased from 0.378 million to 0.169 million for the 12 months
ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the 12 months ended December 31, 2021. 

Also,
within the total G A category of expenses, professional, legal, and consulting fees were 0.478 million for the 12 months ended December
31, 2022, when compared to 0.779 million the 12 months ended December 31, 2021. In 2021, legal fees were related to the XXII farm sale
and investment restructuring, the Panacea reverse merger and fees related to obtaining a trademark for our brand. 

Other
income (expense) 

Other
income for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased by 4,645,111, or 402 , to (3,490,432) as compared to 1,154,769 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. This decrease is due primarily to increased interest expense and a decrease in value of the shares of XXII held
by the company. In January, 2022 the XXII was trading at 2.17 verses 0.92 at year end. 

Summary
of Cash Flows 

Years ended December 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash (used in) / provided by 

Operating activities 
 (2,399,579 
 (3,922,090 
 
 Investing activities 
 (196,972 
 522,533 
 
 Financing activities 
 2,583,728 
 3,334,953 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (12,823 
 (64,605 

Cash
flows from operating activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 2,399,579 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 3,922,090 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease in 2022 was due primarily to decreasing operating and SG A expenses. The largest source of operating cash
is from our customers. Approximately one-half of our revenue comes from customers who purchase CBD on-line, so credit card payments are
collected and paid within 1-2 business days. Other white label and contract manufacturing customers pay before the products are released
in most cases. Some larger customers have either net 10, 2 or 30 day net terms. 

Cash
flows from investing activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 196,972 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash provided by investing activities
of 522,533 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of cash provided in 2022 was due primarily to proceeds from sales of fixed
assets and marketable securities. 

Cash
flows from financing activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities totaled 2,583,728 which includes proceeds of 4,090,448 from
related party notes and 253,791 from a related party payroll protection loan partially offset by repayments of convertible notes of
 1,100,000 and repayment of related party notes payable in the amount of 660,511. In 2022 the primary financing was cash provided by
Company s CEO. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities totaled 3,334,953 which includes of 2,302,468 from related
party notes payable, 1,000,000 from convertible notes, and 243,041 from other loans. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.1 million of liquid marketable securities and 7 thousand in cash. Our Chief Executive Officer
holds the XXII shares pursuant to the pledge agreement and has the power at any time to permit us to sell the shares to provide working
capital. We have borrowed substantial sums from Leslie Buttorff, our Chief Executive Officer, to meet its working capital obligations.
On June 30, 2021, Panacea issued an affiliate of Ms. Buttorff a 12 demand promissory note for 4.063 million and issued Ms. Buttorff
a 10 demand promissory note for 1.624 million secured by a pledge of certain XXII common stock owned by Panacea. Additionally, we have
a line of credit with Ms. Buttorff through which it may borrow up to 5 million at a 10 annual interest rate. 

18 

We
may not have sufficient cash resources to sustain our operations for the next 12 months, particularly if the large sales contracts we
have do not result in the revenue anticipated. This raises substantial doubt as a going concern as we are dependent on obtaining financing
from one or more debt or equity offerings or further loans from Ms. Buttorff assuming she agrees to advance further funds. 

These
consolidated financial statements are presented on the basis that we will continue as a going concern. The going concern concept contemplates
the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. No adjustment has been made to the carrying
amount and classification of our assets and the carrying amount of our liabilities based on the going concern uncertainty. These factors
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of 12 months from the issuance date of this report.
Management cannot provide assurance that we will ultimately achieve profitable operations or become cash flow positive or raise additional
debt and/or equity capital. In addition, due to insufficient revenue, we will need to obtain further funding through public or private
equity offerings, debt financing, collaboration arrangements or other sources in order to maintain active business operations. We currently
do not have sufficient cash flow to pay our ongoing financial obligations on a consistent basis. The issuance of any additional shares
of common stock, preferred stock or convertible securities could be substantially dilutive to our stockholders. In addition, adequate
additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise capital, we will be forced to
borrow additional sums from our Chief Executive Officer or delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs, we may not
be able to continue as a going concern, and we may be forced to discontinue operations. These consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that
might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates and New Accounting Pronouncements 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires its management to make
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures. Our management
bases its estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Different assumptions and judgments would change the estimates used in the preparation
of our consolidated financial statements which, in turn, could change the results from those reported. In addition, actual results may
differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to our financial position and results of operations. 

Critical
accounting estimates are those that our management considers the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results
of operations because they require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need
to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Our critical accounting estimates in relation to its consolidated
financial statements include those related to: 

Goodwill
 and intangible assets 

Fair
 value of marketable securities 

Incremental
 Borrowing Rate used Right of Use Asset Calculations 

Business
 combinations 

Goodwill
and Indefinite-Lived Intangibles 

We
allocate the cost of acquired companies to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the
remaining amount classified as goodwill. The identification and valuation of these intangible assets and the determination of the estimated
useful lives at the time of acquisition, as well as the completion of impairment tests, require significant management judgments and
estimates. These estimates are made based on, among other factors, review of projected future operating results and business plans, economic
projections, anticipated highest and best use of future cash flows and the cost of capital. The use of alternative estimates and assumptions
could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of goodwill and other intangible assets, and potentially result in a different impact
to our results of operations. Further, changes in business strategy and/or market conditions may significantly impact these judgments
and thereby impact the fair value of these assets, which could result in an impairment of the goodwill or intangible assets. 

Goodwill
is not amortized but is tested for impairment annually and whenever events or circumstances change that indicate impairment may have
occurred. We tested goodwill for impairment and determined there was no impairment and found not impairment charge based on the excess
of a reporting unit s carrying amount over our fair value. 

Fair
value of marketable securities 

Marketable
securities are recorded at fair value using the quoted market prices and changes in fair value are recorded as net realized gains or
losses in comprehensive income. We monitor these investments for impairment and make appropriate reductions in carrying values as necessary. 

19 

Incremental
Borrowing Rate used Right of Use Asset Calculations 

We
determine if a contract is a lease or contains a lease at the inception of the contract and reassess that conclusion if the contract
is modified. All leases are assessed for classification as an operating lease or a finance lease. Operating lease right-of-use, or ROU,
assets are included in non-current other assets on our consolidated balance sheet. Operating lease liabilities are separated into a current
portion, included within other accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, and a non-current portion, included within other
long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. We do not have any finance lease ROU assets or liabilities. ROU assets represent
our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising
from the lease. We do not obtain and control the right to use the identified asset until the lease commencement date. 

Our
lease liabilities are recognized at the applicable lease commencement date based on the present value of the lease payments required
to be paid over the lease term. Because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable, we generally use our incremental
borrowing rate to discount the lease payments to present value. The estimated incremental borrowing rate is derived from information
available at the lease commencement date. We factor in publicly available data for instruments with similar characteristics when calculating
our incremental borrowing rates. Our ROU assets are also recognized at the applicable lease commencement date. The ROU asset equals the
carrying amount of the related lease liability, adjusted for any lease payments made prior to lease commencement and lease incentives
provided by the lessor. Variable lease payments are expensed as incurred and do not factor into the measurement of the applicable ROU
asset or lease liability. 

Business
Combinations 

We
have applied significant estimates and judgments in order to determine the fair value of the identified assets acquired, liabilities
assumed and goodwill recognized in connection with our business combinations to ensure the value of the assets and liabilities acquired
are recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date. In measuring the fair value, we utilize valuation techniques consistent with
the market approach, income approach, or cost approach. 

The
valuation of the identifiable assets and liabilities includes assumptions made in performing the valuation, such as projected revenue,
weighted average cost of capital, discount rates, estimated useful lives, and other relevant assessments. These assessments can be significantly
affected by our estimates, judgments, and assumptions. If actual results are not consistent with our estimates, judgments, or assumptions,
or if additional or new information arises in the future that affects our fair value estimates, then adjustments to our initial fair
value estimates may have a material impact to our purchase accounting or our results of operations. If actual results are not consistent
with our estimates, judgments, or assumptions, or if additional or new information arises in the future, beyond our one-year measurement
period, that affects our fair value estimates, then adjustments to our initial fair value estimates may have a material impact to our
results of operations 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

A
smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this item. 

20 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index
to Financial Statements Required by Article 8 of Regulation S-X: 

Audited
Financial Statements: 

CONTENTS 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Panacea Life Sciences Holdings, Inc.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Panacea Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations that raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/S/
 (PCAOB ID 5041) 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 

March
 29, 2023 

F- 2 

Panacea
Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiary 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables, related party 

Inventory 

Marketable securities related party 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net, related party 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 
 - 

Goodwill 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability, current portion, related party 

Note payable-current, related party 

Convertible note payable, net 

Paycheck protection loan, SBA Loan 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Operating lease liability, long-term portion, related party 

Other long-term liabilities, related party 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Series A Preferred Stock: 
 Par Value, 
 shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series B-1 Preferred: Par Value, shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

Series B-2 Preferred: Par Value, shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

Series C Preferred: Par Value, shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

Series C-1 Preferred: Par Value, shares designated and and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

Series C-2 Preferred: Par Value, and shares designated and and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 
 - 

Series D Preferred: Par Value, shares designated and and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

Preferred Stock, Value 

Common Stock: Par Value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Panacea
Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiary 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

For the year ending December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUE 

COST OF SALES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Production related operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

Interest expense 

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net 

Realized gain on sale of securities 

Other income (loss) 
 
 - 
 
 Employer retention credit 

Rental Income 

Loss on sale of assets 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

TAXES 
 - 
 - 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

Per-share data 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Panacea
Life Sciences, Inc. 

 Statements
of Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Shares issued in respect of the merger 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common shares for services 

Conversion of Series A Preferred to convertible debt and warrants 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

Panacea
Life Sciences, Inc. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For the years ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation 

Realized gain on sale of securities 

Unrealized (gain)/loss on marketable securities 

Fixed Asset Disposal Loss 
 - 

Non cash settlement of convertible note and accrued interest 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of debt discount and non-cash interest expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expense and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability, net 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Net cash received from acquisition 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of marketable securities 

Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 
 - 

Net fixed asset acquisitions 

Net Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Repayment of notes payable 

Proceeds from payroll protection loan, SBA loan 

Payments of principal on notes payable 

Proceeds from Notes payable - related party 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes, net of discount 
 - 

Cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for income taxes during the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest payments during the year 
 - 
 - 

Noncash investing and financing activity 

Non-cash Receivable - related party 
 - 

Related party loan repayment with inventory 
 - 

Non-cash fixed asset disposal as part of the reverse acquisition 
 - 

Conversion of Preferred A shares to Note Payable 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Common Stock for services 
 
 - 
 
 Capitalized assets purchased on account - related party 

Liabilities from acquisition 
 - 

Debt retired in merger, related party 
 - 

Preferred Series B-1 Issuance in Acquisition 
 - 

Preferred Series B-2 Issuance in Acquisition 
 - 

Common stock issued for the reverse merger with Exactus 
 - 

Discounts related to issuance of convertible debt and warrants 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PANACEA
LIFE SCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

reverse stock split effective October 25, 2021. 

million, and we had million in cash and liquid stock. As of December
31, 2022 the shares of common stock we hold in 22 nd Century Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:XXII) XXII were
valued at approximately million. The XXII stock is pledged to secure a promissory note in favor of Quintel-MC, Incorporated Quintel and a promissory note in favor of Leslie Buttorff, CEO of the Company, but can be used in operations
as the CEO determines. Quintel-MC, Inc. is wholly owned Company of the CEO. These items are shown on the balance sheet as related party
loans. The current plan with respect to the XXII stock is to hold this stock during the short-term. We also currently do not have sufficient
cash flow to pay our ongoing financial obligations on a consistent basis. 

These
factors raise doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of 12 months from the issuance date
of these financial statements. Management plans to raise additional capital to fund operations, until the Company achieves and maintains
profitable operations and cash flows. Management cannot provide assurance that the issuance of any additional shares of common stock,
preferred stock or convertible securities could be substantially dilutive to our shareholders. In addition, adequate additional funding
may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. These audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

and shares of XXII as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
which are classified as available-for-sale and included in current assets. (see Note 2 Going Concern ). Securities are
valued based on market prices for identical assets using third party certified pricing sources. Available-for-sale securities are carried
at fair value with unrealized and realized gains and losses reported as a component of income (loss). Realized gains and losses, if any,
are calculated on the specific identification method and are included in other income in the consolidated statements of operations. 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Total 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

Sale of securities 

Realized gain on sale of securities 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities, net 

Balance at end of period 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has no liabilities that are re-measured at fair value. 

when placed in service. The cost of repairs
and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized. When assets are retired or disposed of,
the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the
year of disposition. 

million of goodwill from the acquisition of the assets of Phoenix Life Sciences,
Inc. in October 2017, and intangible assets of as of December 31, 2022 and million for as of December 31, 2021. In the acquisition
of Phoenix, the Company acquired product formulas which is classified as an intangible asset. 

Intangibles Formulations 
 Years 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Goodwill 

Intangibles Formulations 

Less accumulated amortization 

Net intangible assets 
 - 

and in advanced customer
payments as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively, and these amounts are included in the balance sheet line item
of accounts payable and accrued expenses. The customer payments have increased as the nutraceutical manufacturing business results in
larger contracts. 

Payments received for unearned revenue 

Revenue earned 

Balance, end of period 

Revenue
is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration
that an entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the standard requires disclosure of the nature,
amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The amount of revenue that is recorded
reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods. The Company applies the following five-step
model in order to determine this amount: (i) identification of the promised goods in the contract; (ii) determination of whether the
promised goods are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of
the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance
obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

Revenue
related to the sale of products is recognized once goods have been sold to the customer and the performance obligation has been completed.
In both contracted purchase and retail sales, we offer consumer products through our online stores. Revenue is recognized when control
of the goods is transferred to the customer. This generally occurs upon our delivery to a third-party carrier or, to the customer directly.
Revenue from tolling services is recognized when the performance obligation, such as processing of the material, has been completed and
output material has been transferred to the customer. 

Revenue
is generally recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers and subsequently remitted to governmental
authorities. Some of the Company s contract liabilities consist of advance customer payments. A contract liability results from
transactions in which the Company has been paid for products by customers, but for which all revenue recognition criteria have not yet
been met. Once all revenue recognition criteria have been met, the contract liabilities are recognized. However, the Company s
sales are primarily through retail stores, purchase orders or ecommerce. The Company does not have any multiple-element arrangements. 

and for December 31, 2022, and December
31, 2021, respectively. The increase is due to higher postage costs and larger freight shipments. 

and for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

reverse stock split. Pursuant to GAAP, the Company retrospectively recasted the weighted-average shares included within its
consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The basic and diluted weighted-average
Panacea ordinary shares are retroactively converted to shares of the Company s common stock to conform to the recasted consolidated
statements of stockholders equity (deficit ). 

Series B-1 Convertible Preferred 

Series B-2 Convertible Preferred 

Series C Convertible Preferred 

Series C-1 Convertible Preferred 

Series C-2 Convertible Preferred 

Series D Convertible Preferred 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 Years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 Years 
 
 Leasehold improvement 
 Years 

Furniture and fixtures 

Machinery and equipment 

Land 

Leasehold Improvements 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Total Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and respectively. 

Semi-Finished 

Finished Goods 

Packaging 

Trading 
 - 

Total 

. At inception, the Company recognized a Right of Use Asset and a corresponding lease liability in
the amount of . The Company s lease arrangements may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Company has elected
to combine and account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. The Company has incorporated residual value obligations
in leases for which there is such occurrences. Regarding short-term leases, ASC 842-10-25-2 permits an entity to make a policy election
not to apply the recognition requirements of ASC 842 to Short-term leases. The Company has elected not to apply the ASC 842 recognition
criteria to any leases that qualify as Short-Term Leases. 

The
Company, as of January 1, 2019, leases a portion of the property (formerly the Environmental Protection Agency building) in Golden, CO
from J N Real Estate, owned by the CEO, a related party with a term expiring on . The lease consists of all laboratory
space including testing facilities, water treatment, extraction and production. The lease of the property is based on the fair market
rent and triple net lease (NNN) values competitive in the marketplace for a cGMP facility. The Company also subleases some of its laboratory
space to other CBD companies. This income is presented under the Other Income line items of the income statement. The leases vary from
short-term monthly leases to -year leases but are all month to month. 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Less: Long-term portion of operating lease liability 

Short-term portion of operating lease liability 

Unpaid balances 

Total short-term lease liability obligations 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (Ends December 31, 2030) 
 years 
 years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

During
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized approximately and , respectively in operating lease costs. Operating
lease costs are included in operating expenses in our consolidated statement of operations. 

Approximate
future minimum lease payments for our right of use assets over the remaining lease periods as of December 31, 2022, are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted operating lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

original issue discount senior convertible promissory note
in the principal amount of (the Convertible Note and five -year warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock, par value per share at an exercise price of per share (the Warrants pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the SPA for a total purchase price of . The note was repaid in full on December 20, 2022. 

Paycheck
Protection Program Funding U.S. Small Business Administration Loan 

On
May 28, 2020, the Company received a secured, 30-year, Economic Injury Disaster Loan in the amount of from the U.S. Small Business
Administration. The loan carries interest at a rate of per year, requires monthly payments of principal and interest, and matures
in 30 years. Installment payments, including principal and interest, of monthly, will begin 12 months from the date of the promissory
Note. The SBA loan is secured by a security interest in the Company s tangible and intangible assets. The loan proceeds are to
be used as working capital to alleviate economic injury caused by the Covid-19 disaster occurring in the month of January 31, 2020, and
continuing thereafter. As of December 31, 2022 the current principal balance of this note amounted to and accrued interest was
approximately total for the current and non-current total. 

Employer
Retention Credit 

On
February 16, 2022, Panacea received an employer retention credit from the federal government of . 

Note
payable-current, related party 

As
part of the agreement in the reverse merger transaction, certain loan balances Quintel Loans from Quintel-MC Incorporated,
an affiliate of the Company s CEO, Quintel and historical interest owed of were combined into a new
promissory note with the principal amount of million Quintel Note ). The Quintel Note bears annual interest at 
and was secured by a pledge of certain XXII common stock owned by Panacea (See Note 2 Going concern ). 

On
June 30, 2021, Panacea issued the Company s CEO, Ms. Buttorff, a promissory note in the amount of (the Buttorff
Note ). The Buttorff Note was secured by a pledge of certain XXII common stock owned by Panacea (See Note 2 Going concern ).
This demand note replaced a prior working capital note that Panacea had issued on January 1, 2021. The Company has an additional line
of credit note from Ms. Buttorff of on July 1, 2021. The terms include an annual interest rate of and a maturity date
in 2023. 

CEO Note 

Total related party notes 

Other
long-term liabilities, related party 

The
Company has recorded a related party liability Fixed Asset Loan in the amounts of and , as of December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, relating to building leasehold improvements and SAP software and support fees which were paid by an
affiliate company of the CEO. The balance bears interest of , and the maturity date has not yet been determined. 

In
2020, the Company recorded an additional related party liability in the amount of in respect of certain building improvements
,due to J N Real Estate Company (a company owned by the CEO) J N Building Loan ). The balance bears no interest,
and the maturity date has not yet been determined. 

J N Building Loan 

Total 

shares with a par value of per share. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of Series A Preferred Shares were converted into shares of common stock and on March
3, 2022 the Series A preferred stock was converted to a convertible loan for , due in March 2023. 

Common
stock options 

Stock
Option Plan 

On
June 30, 2021 the Company s stockholders approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan provides
for the issuance of incentive awards in the form of non-qualified and incentive stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted
stock unit awards, warrants and preferred stock. The awards may be granted by the Company s Board of Directors to its employees,
directors and officers and to consultants, agents, advisors and independent contractors who provide services to the Company or to a subsidiary
of the Company. The exercise price for stock options must not be less than the fair market value of the underlying shares on the date
of grant. The incentive awards shall either be fully vested and exercisable from the date of grant or shall vest and become exercisable
in such installments as the Board of Directors or Compensation Committee may specify. Stock options expire no later than ten years from
the date of grant. The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may be issued pursuant to the Plan is . Unless sooner
terminated, the Plan shall terminate in years. 

As
part of the merger of Exactus, Panacea assumed the Exactus 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan ). The 2018 Plan provides
for the issuance of incentive awards in the form of non-qualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock awards, and restricted stock unit awards. The awards may be granted by the Company s Board of Directors to its employees,
directors and officers and to consultants, agents, advisors and independent contractors who provide services to the Company or to a subsidiary
of the Company. The exercise price for stock options must not be less than the fair market value of the underlying shares on the date
of grant. The incentive awards shall either be fully vested and exercisable from the date of grant or shall vest and become exercisable
in such installments as the Board or Compensation Committee may specify. Stock options expire no later than ten years from the date of
grant. The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may be issued pursuant to the Plan is . Unless sooner terminated,
the Plan shall terminate in years. This plan had fully vested options outstanding at the time of the merger. There have been
no options granted under this plan subsequent to the merger. 

Stock
Options 

Options granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options canceled / expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Stock
Warrants 

On
March 3, 2022, the Company entered in an Exchange Agreement with an institutional investor pursuant to which the Company issued a 
original issue discount senior convertible promissory note in the principal amount of (the Note and five-year
warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share at an exercise price of per
share in exchange for shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also
had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. These warrants were previously issued by the Company
prior to the exchange agreement. 

The
Company s outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows, and all were exercisable at that date. 

- 
 
 Options granted 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options canceled / expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

As
of December 31, 2022, the outstanding warrants have no intrinsic value. 

Restricted
Stock 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were no unamortized or unvested stock-based compensation costs related to restricted share arrangements.
These shares are included in the total of outstanding share as of December 31, 2022. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company s authorized preferred stock consists of shares with a par value of . 

On
March 3, 2022, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement with the Investor pursuant to which the company agreed to issue the Note
in the principal amount of and the Warrants in exchange for shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock. On April 19, 2022, the Company filed a Withdrawal of Designation of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with the Secretary
of State and the State of Nevada. 

and of total revenue. 

In
the 3 rd Quarter of 2021, we signed a large contract with a convenience store chain. The revenues from the first shipment of
CBD products are of the 2021 revenue. We also have a tolling partner concentration and this contract was of revenue in 2021. 

The
other concentration is in the accounts receivable category, where two customer accounts for of the accounts receivable in 2021. One
of the three customer contracts is unique in that we produced all the products for them to sell, and they pay Panacea as the items are
sold in the ecommerce marketplace. Thus, until their inventory is depleted, we will have accounts receivable. This customer receivable
is of the . In 2021, this same customer was of our total receivables. 

The
Company has no other contingencies, material commitments, or purchase obligations or sales obligations. 

Executive
Employment Agreement 

On
December 31, 2021 the Company entered into an updated Employment Agreement with Leslie Buttorff pursuant to which Ms. Buttorff serves
as the Company s Chief Executive Officer for an initial term of July 1, 2021 to December 31, 2024 (the Employment Agreement).
Under her Employment Agreement, Ms. Buttorff receives an annual base salary of . Ms. Buttorff is also entitled to receive (i)
a sales commission of of revenue from sales generated by Ms. Buttorff after revenue exceeds for three consecutive months,
(ii) an award of million of shares of common stock upon approval of the Company s common stock for listing on The Nasdaq Capital
Market prior to expiration of the term of the Employment Agreement, and (iii) an annual cash performance bonus of up to of her base
salary based on the achievement of performance metrics for the applicable fiscal year to be set by the Board of Directors. To date, Ms.
Buttorff has not taken a salary, payments have accrued commencing in January, 2021, and the amount due is included in accounts payable. 

Under
her Employment Agreement, she is entitled to severance payments under termination provisions which are intended to comply with Section
409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or the Code, and the Regulations thereunder. 

In
the event of termination by the Company without cause or resignation by Ms. Buttorff for good reason, Ms.
Buttorff is entitled to receive two years base salary, or , all unreimbursed business expenses and other accrued but unpaid
compensation, and any annual bonus earned but not yet paid for any fiscal year ending prior to the fiscal year in which the date of termination
occurs. In addition, in the event of termination by the Company without cause, subject to execution of a general release
Ms. Buttorff will be entitled to (i) a settlement amount equal to another two years base salary (or a total of and
(ii) an amount equal to the annual bonus which Ms. Buttorff would have been entitled to receive in respect of the year of termination
based on the achievement of any performance objectives for the Company. 

Generally,
 good reason is defined as (i) any material breach of the Employment Agreement by the Company, (ii) the Company s
assignment of Ms. Buttorff to a position that has materially less authority, status, or functional responsibility than the position with
the Company as of the commencement date, or the assignment to her of duties that are not those of an executive at the management level,
(iii) the reduction of Ms. Buttorff s base salary, (iv) the requirement that Ms. Buttorff move her primary place of employment
more than 30 miles from her initial place of employment, or (v) upon any change of control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section
1.409A-3(i)(5) provided that within 12 months of the change of control event the Company terminates Ms. Buttorff or fails to obtain an
agreement from any successor to perform the Employment Agreement. 

Under
the terms of her Employment Agreement, Ms. Buttorff is subject to non-competition and non-solicitation covenants during the term of her
employment and following termination of employment with the Company. The Employment Agreement also contains customary confidentiality
and non-disparagement covenants. 

Related party loan-CEO loan 

Related party loan Line of credit 

Accrued Interest 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Interest Expense 

Related party loan J N 

Related party loan-CEO loan 

Related party loan Line of Credit 

Interest Expense 

Other 

The
Company continues to hold shares of XXII stock which is available for trading. As of December 31, 2021, XXII is a common shareholder
of the Company. See Subsequent Events for additional details related to XXII resolution. 

million for income tax purposes as of December 31, 2021.
The net operating losses carry forward for United States income taxes, which may be available to reduce future years taxable income.
Management believes that the realization of the benefits from these losses appears not more than likely due to the Company s limited
operating history and continuing losses for United States income tax purposes. Accordingly, the Company has provided a 100 valuation
allowance on the deferred tax asset to reduce the asset to zero. Management will review this valuation allowance periodically and make
adjustments as necessary. 

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: 

Increase in valuation allowance 

ROU Assets/Liabilities 

State taxes 

Income tax (expense) benefit 
 - 

The
Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax asset for the year ended December 31, 2022, because it was not
known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforward. The increase in the allowance was million
in fiscal 2022. Additionally, the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward to offset future taxable income may be subject
to an annual limitation, based upon IRC Section 382/383 Ownership change rules that may have or could occur in the future. The Company
does not have any uncertain tax positions or events leading to uncertainty in a tax position. The Company s 2017, 2018, 2019 and
2020 Corporate Income Tax Returns are subject to Internal Revenue Service examination. 

million in revenue for the 2022 fiscal year and is estimating that net income
for the year will exceed million. 

PLSH
settled a contract with XXII that it would exchange the common shares XXII holds and the of hemp to reduce the J N Panacea
loan on the building. 

F- 19 

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our principal executive officer (who currently also serves as our principal
financial officer) and our former principal financial officer, required by Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the Exchange Act of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act. Based on their evaluation, our principal executive officer and our former principal financial officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive officer and former principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act). Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by
this report. Our management s evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting was based on the framework in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In designing and
evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that because of inherent limitations, any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, may not prevent or detect misstatements and can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative
to their costs. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
 assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

21 

Management s
Assessment of the Effectiveness of the Company s internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
principal executive officer and our former principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective to ensure that the information relating to us is required to be disclosed in our SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure as a result of the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting: 

The
 Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to only having two officers and limited resources. 

The
 Company does not have an audit committee; and 

The
 Company does not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. 

We
plan to rectify these weaknesses by establishing written policies and procedures for our internal control of financial reporting and
hiring additional accounting personnel at such time as we raise sufficient capital to do so. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following information sets forth the names, ages, and positions of our current directors and executive officers as of March 15, 2023. 

Name 
 Age 
 Present Positions 
 
 Leslie Buttorff 
 65 
 CEO and Chairman 
 
 Lawrence J. Wert 
 65 
 Director 
 
 Nick Cavarra 
 58 
 Senior Vice President Marketing and Sales 
 
 Nathan Berman 
 35 
 Controller 
 
 James Baumgartner 
 58 
 Chief Science Officer and Quality Control 

Directors 

Our
Board is currently comprised of two (2) members. The following biographical information discloses each director s age, business
experience and other directorships held during the past five years. It also includes the experiences, qualifications, attributes and
skills that led to the conclusion that the individual should serve as our director. 

Leslie
Buttorff is our Chief Executive Officer and director since June 30, 2021. Ms. Buttorff has been the Chief Executive Officer of Panacea
Life Sciences, Inc., a company which manufactures and develops pharma-grade hemp-related products since 2017. In addition, Ms. Buttorff
has been the Chairman of the Board of Quintel-MC, Inc. a company that focuses on SAP ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) implementations
since 2002. Ms. Buttorff formed Quintel-MC, Inc. in 2002. Before establishing Quintel, Ms. Buttorff was the global practice leader for
Arthur D. Little s Utilities and Energy practice and was responsible for the alliance with Perot Systems. Ms. Buttorff is also
a member of the Boards of Active Youth Network (provides revenue and enables information for sports teams, high schools and clubs) and
JobZology (a CSU spinoff focused on matching people and jobs for employers). Ms. Buttorff was appointed to our Board as a result of her
knowledge of the business, ownership and position with the Company. 

Lawrence
J. Wert was appointed to our Board on April 29, 2020. Mr. Wert has over 40 years in broadcasting. Mr. Wert served as the President
of Broadcast Media for Tribune Media Company from 2013 through September of 2019. Mr. Wert previously served on the NAB TV Board of Directors,
Fox Board and the CBS Board of Governors. In 2017, Mr. Wert was named Broadcaster of the Year by the Illinois Broadcaster s
Association. Currently, he serves on the Board of Directors for several charities, including the Children s Brittle Bone Foundation,
Catholic Charities, the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce and the 100 Club. Mr. Wert is a member of the Governing Board of Gilda s
Club of Chicago, an advisor to the Chicago Chapter of Make-A-Wish Foundation and an honorary board member of RAINBOWS, an organization
that helps children cope with loss. In 2018, Mr. Wert was inducted into the Chicago Catholic League Hall of Fame. Mr. Wert also sits
on Board of Trustees for Fenwick High School in Oak Park, Ill. Mr. Wert was appointed as a director as a result of his prior experience
with Exactus, Inc. 

Executive
Officers 

The
following provides certain biographical information with respect to each executive officer of the Company who is not a director. 

See
 Directors above for Ms. Buttorff s biographical information. 

Nick
Cavarra is our President of the Company since 2019. Mr. Cavarra brings over 25 years of management, leadership and sales experience
at the local and national level in the broadcast/digital media, software and web/mobile development marketplace. His previous career
positions include C-Level management experience with AYN and Zapotech Inc., and senior account management positions at KUSA-TV and KMGH-TV. 

22 

Nathan
Berman is our Controller since June 30, 2021. Mr. Berman works as the controller for Panacea Life Sciences since December 2019. Prior
to Panacea, Mr. Berman worked for Quintel-MC, Inc, and Media Audits International providing audit and management services on behalf of
large broadcast corporations. Prior to this, Mr. Berman began his career in the banking industry while pursuing his CFA designation through
the CFA Institute. 

James
 Jamie W. Baumgartner is our Chief Science Officer and Quality Control since 2017. Mr. Baumgartner has recently lead
two science-based businesses resulting in marked increases in revenue, productivity and profitability. Mr. Baumgartner adds over 20 years
of drug discovery experience to PLS and reinforces the company s commitment to its foundation in scientific research and development
in the healthcare and biotech industries. 

Employees
and Contractual Arrangements 

As
of January 1, 2018, we employ management and support staff, chemists, extraction specialists, lab technicians order fulfillment and sales
executives. We are building our culture around a performance-based system, and unlike other CBD companies we offer our employees personal
time off (PTO) and health and dental benefits. We believe this is important in order to attract the best individuals for these roles.
We also have an outsourcing agreement with Canna Software, LLC (ERPCannabis solution based on SAP) to provide back-office operations
assistance in the financial, human resources, procurement and payroll and tax areas. We also have under contract ten sales territory
managers that have many sales reps reporting in each sales territory. Overall, we currently has over 20 individuals working under PLS. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between or among the directors. There are family relationships between our CEO, brother and niece. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director, executive
officer, or employee: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being
subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment
or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining,
barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being
found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Leslie
Buttorff serves as the chairman of the audit committee. CFO Squad was previously retained to assist with the audit and SEC filings and
provide other accounting advice. Our Board has determined that Leslie Buttorff is qualified as an audit committee financial expert ,
as that term is defined under the rules of the SEC and in compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Code
of Ethics 

On
January 9, 2019, our Board adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all our directors, executive officers, and employees. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

With
regard to our full-time executive officer, the goal of the salary component of our compensation policy is to provide reasonable compensation
for their full-time service within the constraints faced by a rapidly developing business with significant cash needs for its planned
expansion. Equity grants for our full-time executive officers are currently under review by the compensation committee. The goal of our
anticipated equity grants will be to provide an appropriate mixture of short term and long-term incentives to increase shareholder value. 

On
December 31, 2021, we entered into an updated Employment Agreement with Leslie Buttorff pursuant to which Ms. Buttorff serves as our
Chief Executive Officer for an initial term of July 1, 2021, to December 31, 2024 (the Employment Agreement). Under her
Employment Agreement, Ms. Buttorff receives an annual base salary of 380,000. To date, Ms. Buttorff has not taken a salary and
payments have accrued commencing in January 2021. 

Ms. Buttorff is also entitled to receive (i) a sales commission of 2 of revenue
from sales generated by Ms. Buttorff after revenue exceeds 500,000 for three consecutive months, (ii) an award of 2.2 million of
shares of common stock upon approval of our common stock for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market prior to expiration of the term of
the Employment Agreement, and (iii) an annual cash performance bonus of up to 100 of her base salary based on the achievement of
performance metrics for the applicable fiscal year to be set by our Board. 

23 

Director
Compensation 

Compensation
of Directors Table 

The
following table shows the compensation paid during the year ended December 31, 2022 to our non-employee director. 

Name 
 
 Stock Awards (No.) 
 Option Awards (No.) 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Leslie Buttorff 
 (a) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 380,000 
 380,000 
 
 Executive Chairman 

Lawrence J. Wert 
 (b) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Board Member 

(a)
Compensation is deferred. 

Equity
Awards At Year End 

None. 

Option
Exercises and Stock Vested 

Our
named executive officers did not exercise any stock option awards during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022, regarding the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned
by each director, each named executive officer and by all directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise noted, each shareholder s
address is 5910 S. University Blvd, Suite C18-193, Greenwood Village, CO 80121, and each shareholder has sole voting power and investment
power with respect to securities shown in the table below. 

Title of class 
 Name of beneficial owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent of Class (1) 
 
 Named Executive Officers: 

Common Stock 
 Leslie Buttorff (2) 
 4,646,953 
 31.5 

Common Stock 
 Nathan Berman (3) 
 17,749 

Directors: 

Common Stock 
 Lawrence J. Wert (4) 
 307,868 
 2.1 

Common Stock 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (4 persons) (5) 
 5,043,564 
 31.5 

5 Stockholders: 

Common Stock 
 Quintel-MC Incorporated (7) 
 4,047,054 
 27.4 
 
 Common Stock 
 22 nd Century Group Inc. (8) 
 3,250,573 
 22.0 

(1) 
 
 Applicable
 percentages are based on 14,762,342 of common stock outstanding as of the March 15, 2022, excluding securities held by or for the
 account of the Company. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment
 power with respect to securities. A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by such person
 within 60 days after March 31, 2022, whether upon the exercise of options, warrants or conversion of notes. Unless otherwise indicated
 in the footnotes to this table, we believe that each of the stockholders named in the table has sole voting and investment power
 with respect to the shares of common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them. This table does not include any unvested stock
 options except for those vesting within 60 days. 
 
 (2) 
 Ms.
 Buttorff is our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and director. Includes 4,047,054 shares of common stock held by
 Quintel-MC Incorporated. Ms. Buttorff is the President of Quintel-MC, Incorporated. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr.
 Berman is our Controller. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr.
 Wert is a director. 
 
 (5) 
 Directors
 and Executive Officers as a group. This amount includes ownership by all directors and all current executive officers including those
 who are not Named Executive Officers under the SEC s disclosure rules. 
 
 (6) 
 Quintel-MC
 Incorporated. Ms. Buttorff was the President of Quintel-MC Incorporated. Address is 5910 South University Suite C18-193, Greenwood
 Village, CO 80121. Quintel was sold and is in the process of closure. 
 
 (8) 
 22nd
 Century Group Inc. Based on Schedule 13G filed on July 9, 2021. Address is 500 Seneca Street, Suite 507, Buffalo NY 14204. 

24 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Our
CEO is the owner of related parties J N Real Estate LLC. J N is a major shareholder and holds a note of Panacea and is the
leaseholder for the laboratory in Golden. See Note 6: Notes for Related Party Transactions. 

Director
Independence 

We
are not a listed issuer within the meaning of Item 407 of Regulation S-K and there are no applicable listing standards
for determining the independence of our directors. Applying the definition of independence set forth in Rule 4200(a)(15) of The Nasdaq
Stock Market, Inc., we believe that Larry Wert is an independent director. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following table presents the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years by our independent registered public accounting
firm, Borgers, in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements and other professional services rendered. 

Year Ended: 
 Audit Services 
 Tax Fees 
 Other Fees 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 110,000 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 25,000 
 n/a 
 n/a 

The
following table presents the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years by our independent registered public accounting
firm, RBSM LLP, in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements and other professional services rendered. 

Year Ended: 
 Audit Services 
 Tax Fees 
 Other Fees 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 - 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 165,000 
 n/a 
 n/a 

Pre Approval
Policy of Services Performed by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
Board policy is to pre approve all audit and non audit related services, tax services and other services. The independent
registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent
of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre approval and the fees for
the services performed to date. 

25 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

(a)
Financial Statements and Schedules 

The
following financial statements and schedules listed below are included in this Form 10-K. 

Financial
Statements (See Item 8) 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Filed
 or 
 Furnished 
 
 Exhibit
 # 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 
 
 Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/7/21 
 
 3.1 

3.1(a) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation name change and reverse stock split 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/29/21 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 

Filed 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/18/21 
 
 4.1 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series B-1 Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/4/16 
 
 3.1 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series B-2 Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 2/17/16 
 
 3.2 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/23/21 
 
 3.7 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series C-1 Preferred Stock 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/23/21 
 
 3.8 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series C-2 Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/29/21 
 
 3.2 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series D Preferred Stock 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/23/21 
 
 3.9 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal for Series A 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4/29/22 
 
 3.10 

4.1 
 
 Description of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 

Filed 
 
 10.1 
 
 Agreement (redacted) with Dr. Krassen Dimitrov, Digital Diagnostic, Inc. and KD Innovation, Ltd.+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/27/21 
 
 10.2 

10.2 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement (redacted)+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/18/21 
 
 10.1 

10.3 
 
 Exchange Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/18/21 
 
 10.2 

10.5 
 
 Settlement and Release Agreement with Creed2Med, LLC 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 4/23/21 
 
 10.6 

10.6 
 
 Supply Agreement 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/15/21 
 
 10.3 

10.7 
 
 Note and Loan Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/26/21 
 
 10.1 

10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Exchange Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/7/21 
 
 10.1 

10.9 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/7/21 
 
 10.2 

10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement dated June 30, 2021 Leslie Buttorff 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/23/21 
 
 10.2 

10.11 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued to Quintel-MC Incorporated (Panacea) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/23/21 
 
 10.5 

10.12 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued to Leslie Buttorff (Panacea) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/23/21 
 
 10.6 

10.13 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued to Leslie Buttorff (Exactus) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/23/21 
 
 10.7 

10.14 
 
 Note Exchange Agreement+ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/23/21 
 
 10.8 

10.15 
 
 Assignment of lease 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/23/21 
 
 10.9 

10.16 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/24/21 
 
 10.1 

10.17 
 
 Form of Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Promissory Note 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/24/21 
 
 10.2 

10.18 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/24/21 
 
 10.3 

10.19 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/24/21 
 
 10.4 

10.20 
 
 Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 

Filed 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from RBSM LLP, dated December 28, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/29/21 
 
 16.1 

23.1 
 
 Consent of BF Borgers CPA PC 

Filed 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer (302) 

Filed 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer (906) 

Furnished 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive
 Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Filed 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Exhibits and/or Schedules have been omitted. The Company hereby agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon
request any omitted information. 

This exhibit is being furnished rather than filed and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance
with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

 +Portions
of this exhibit have been omitted as permitted by the rules of the SEC. The information excluded is both (i) not material and (ii) the
type that the Company customarily and actually treats as private or confidential. The Company undertakes to submit a marked copy of this
exhibit for review by the SEC Staff, to the extent it has not been previously provided, and provide supplemental materials to the SEC
Staff promptly upon request. 

Copies
of this Report (including the financial statements) and any of the exhibits referred to above will be furnished at no cost to our shareholders
who make a written request to Panacea Life Sciences Holdings, Inc., at the address on the cover page of this Report, Attention: Corporate
Secretary. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Panacea
 Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Leslie Buttorff 

Leslie
 Buttorff 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

27 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 ex3-2.htm

Exhibit
3.2 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

 OF 

 PANACEA
LIFE SCIENCES HOLDINGS, INC. 

 (a
Nevada corporation) 

ARTICLE
I 

 STOCKHOLDERS 

1.
 CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING STOCK . Certificates representing stock in the corporation shall be signed by, or in the name of, the
corporation by the Chairperson or Vice-Chairperson of the Board of Directors, if any, or by the Chief Executive Officer or a President
and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the corporation. Any or all the signatures
on any such certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature
has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued,
it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date
of issue. 

Whenever
the corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class of stock, and whenever
the corporation shall issue any shares of its stock as partly paid stock, the certificates representing shares of any such class or series
or of any such partly paid stock shall set forth thereon the statements prescribed by the Chapter 78 of the General Corporation Law of
Nevada (the Private Corporations Law ). Any restrictions on the transfer or registration of transfer of any shares of stock
of any class or series shall be noted conspicuously on the certificate representing such shares. 

The
corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged
to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, and the Board of Directors may require the owner of the lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate,
or such owner s legal representative, to give the corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify the corporation against any claim
that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of any such
new certificate or uncertificated shares. 

2.
 UNCERTIFICATED SHARES . Subject to any conditions imposed by the Private Corporations Law, the Board of Directors of the corporation
may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the corporation shall be uncertificated
shares. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of any uncertificated shares, the corporation shall send to the registered
owner thereof any written notice prescribed by the Private Corporations Law. 

3.
 FRACTIONAL SHARE INTERESTS . The corporation may, but shall not be required to, issue fractions of a share. If the corporation
does not issue fractions of a share, it shall (1) arrange for the disposition of fractional interests by those entitled thereto, (2)
pay in cash the fair value of fractions of a share as of the time when those entitled to receive such fractions are determined, or (3)
issue scrip or warrants in registered form (either represented by a certificate or uncertificated) or bearer form (represented by a certificate)
which shall entitle the holder to receive a full share upon the surrender of such scrip or warrants aggregating a full share. A certificate
for a fractional share or an uncertificated fractional share shall, but scrip or warrants shall not unless otherwise provided therein,
entitle the holder to exercise voting rights, to receive dividends thereon, and to participate in any of the assets of the corporation
in the event of liquidation. The Board of Directors may cause scrip or warrants to be issued subject to the conditions that they shall
become void if not exchanged for certificates representing the full shares or uncertificated full shares before a specified date, or
subject to the conditions that the shares for which scrip or warrants are exchangeable may be sold by the corporation and the proceeds
thereof distributed to the holders of scrip or warrants, or subject to any other conditions which the Board of Directors may impose. 

4.
 STOCK TRANSFERS . Upon compliance with provisions restricting the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock, if any,
transfers or registration of transfers of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only on the stock ledger of the corporation
by the registered holder thereof, or by the registered holder s attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed
and filed with the Secretary of the corporation or with a transfer agent or a registrar, if any, and, in the case of shares represented
by certificates, on surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares of stock properly endorsed and the payment of all taxes
due thereon. 

5.
 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDERS . In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at
any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede
the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more
than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date
for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day
next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day
on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders
shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned
meeting. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing
the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for
determining the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board
of Directors is required by the Private Corporations Law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the
action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the corporation by delivery to its principal place of business or an officer or
agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. If no record date
has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by the Private Corporations Law, the
record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of
business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action. In order that the corporation may
determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders
entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion, or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record
date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts
the resolution relating thereto. 

6.
 MEANING OF CERTAIN TERMS . As used herein in respect of the right to notice of a meeting of stockholders or a waiver thereof or
to participate or vote thereat or to consent or dissent in writing in lieu of a meeting, as the case may be, the term share 
or shares or share of stock or shares of stock or stockholder or stockholders 
refers to an outstanding share or shares of stock and to a holder or holders of record of outstanding shares of stock when the corporation
is authorized to issue only one class of shares of stock, and said reference is also intended to include any outstanding share or shares
of stock and any holder or holders of record of outstanding shares of stock of any class upon which or upon whom the articles of incorporation
confers such rights where there are two or more classes or series of shares of stock or upon which or upon whom the Private Corporations
Law confers such rights notwithstanding that the incorporation may provide for more than one class or series of shares of stock, one
or more of which are limited or denied such rights thereunder; provided, however, that no such right shall vest in the event of an increase
or a decrease in the authorized number of shares of stock of any class or series which is otherwise denied voting rights under the provisions
of the articles of incorporation, except as any provision of law may otherwise require. 

7.
 STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS . 

-
 TIME . The annual meeting shall be held on the date and at the time fixed, from time to time, by the directors, provided, that
the first annual meeting shall be held on a date within thirteen months after the organization of the corporation, and each successive
annual meeting shall be held on a date within thirteen months after the date of the preceding annual meeting. A special meeting shall
be held on the date and at the time fixed by the directors. 

-
 PLACE . Annual meetings and special meetings may be held at such place, either within or without the State of Nevada, as the directors
may, from time to time, fix. Whenever the directors shall fail to fix such place, the meeting shall be held at the registered office
of the corporation in the State of Nevada. The board of directors may also, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall
not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 78.320 of the Nevada
Private Corporations Law. If a meeting by remote communication is authorized by the board of directors in its sole discretion, and subject
to guidelines and procedures as the board of directors may adopt, stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting of
stockholders may, by means of remote communication participate in a meeting of stockholders and be deemed present in person and vote
at a meeting of stockholders whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided
that (a) the corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting
by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxyholder, (b) the corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide
such stockholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders,
including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (c) if
any stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or
other action shall be maintained by the corporation. 

-
 CALL . Annual meetings and special meetings may be called by the directors or by any officer instructed by the directors to call
the meeting. 

-
 NOTICE OR WAIVER OF NOTICE . Written notice of all meetings shall be given, which shall state the place, if any, date, and hour
of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person
and vote at such meeting, and in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. The notice of
an annual meeting shall state that the meeting is called for the election of directors and for the transaction of other business which
may properly come before the meeting and shall (if any other action which could be taken at a special meeting is to be taken at such
annual meeting) state the purpose or purposes. The notice of any meeting shall also include, or be accompanied by, any additional statements,
information, or documents prescribed by the Private Corporations Law. Except as otherwise provided by the Private Corporations Law, the
written notice of any meeting shall be given not less than ten days nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder
entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, notice is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the
stockholder at such stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the corporation. If a meeting is adjourned to another
time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications,
if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced
at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the corporation may transact any business which might have
been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is
fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the
meeting. Whenever notice is required to be given under the Private Corporations Law, articles of incorporation or bylaws, a written waiver
signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after
the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a stockholder at a meeting of stockholders shall constitute
a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the stockholder attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning
of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be
transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meetings of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice
or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the articles of incorporation or these bylaws. 

-
 STOCKHOLDER LIST . The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten days
before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order,
and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open
to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting
on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the
notice of the meeting or during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the corporation. In the event that the
corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that
such information is available only to stockholders of the corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall be
produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.
If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder
during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list
shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled
to examine the stock ledger, the list required by this section or the books of the corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any
meeting of stockholders. 

-
 CONDUCT OF MEETING . Meetings of the stockholders shall be presided over by one of the following officers in the order of seniority
and if present and acting - the Chairperson of the Board, if any, the Vice-Chairperson of the Board, if any, the Chief Executive Officer,
President, an Executive Vice-President, or, if none of the foregoing is in office and present and acting, by a chairperson to be chosen
by the stockholders. The Secretary of the corporation, or in such Secretary s absence, an Assistant Secretary, shall act as secretary
of every meeting, but if neither the Secretary nor an Assistant Secretary is present the chairperson of the meeting shall appoint a secretary
of the meeting. 

-
 PROXY REPRESENTATION . Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate
action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall
be voted or acted upon after 3 years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A stockholder may execute a writing
authorizing another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy. Execution may be accomplished by the stockholder or such
stockholder s authorized officer, director, employee or agent signing such writing or causing such person s signature to
be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means including, but not limited to, by facsimile signature. A stockholder may also authorize
another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of a telegram, cablegram,
or other means of electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support
service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided
that any such telegram, cablegram or other means of electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from
which it can be determined that the telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder. If it is
determined that such telegrams, cablegrams or other electronic transmissions are valid, the inspectors or, if there are no inspectors,
such other persons making the determination shall specify the information upon which they relied. Any copy, facsimile telecommunication
or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to Section 78.355 of the Private Corporations Law may
be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission
could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire
original writing or transmission. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and, if, and only as
long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless
of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the corporation generally. 

-
 INSPECTORS . The directors, in advance of any meeting, may, but need not, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at
the meeting or any adjournment thereof. If an inspector or inspectors are not appointed, the person presiding at the meeting may, but
need not, appoint one or more inspectors. In case any person who may be appointed as an inspector fails to appear or act, the vacancy
may be filled by appointment made by the directors in advance of the meeting or at the meeting by the person presiding thereat. Each
inspector, if any, before entering upon the discharge of duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties
of inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspector s ability. The inspectors, if
any, shall determine the number of shares of stock outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares of stock represented at the meeting,
the existence of a quorum, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots, or consents, hear and determine all
challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots, or consents, determine
the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. On request of the person
presiding at the meeting, the inspector or inspectors, if any, shall make a report in writing of any challenge, question, or matter determined
by such inspector or inspectors and execute a certificate of any fact found by such inspector or inspectors. 

-
 QUORUM . The holders of thirty-three and 1/3 of the outstanding shares of stock shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders
for the transaction of any business. The stockholders present may adjourn the meeting despite the absence of a quorum. 

-
 VOTING . Each share of stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes
of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Any other action
shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast except where the Private Corporations Law prescribes a different percentage of votes
and/or a different exercise of voting power, and except as may be otherwise prescribed by the provisions of the articles of incorporation
and these Bylaws. In the election of directors, and for any other action, voting need not be by ballot. 

-
 SPECIAL MEETINGS. Unless otherwise prescribed by law or by the Articles of Incorporation, Special Meetings of Stockholders, for
any purpose or purposes, may be called by either (i) the Chairman, if there be one, or (ii) the President, (iii) any Vice President,
if there be one, (iv) the Secretary, or (v) any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, and shall be called by any such officer at the
request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors or at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority of the capital
stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote (the Requisite Percentage ). Written notice of a Special
Meeting stating the place, date and hour of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called shall be given not
less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. 

A
stockholder request for a Special Meeting (a Special Meeting Request shall be directed to the Secretary of the Corporation
and shall be signed by each stockholder, or a duly authorized agent of such stockholder, requesting the Special Meeting (each, a Requesting
Stockholder and shall be accompanied by a notice setting forth (1) the information required by Section 9 of this Article II as
to any nominations proposed to be made or any other business proposed to be conducted at such Special Meeting and as to such Requesting
Stockholders (including the completed written questionnaires and written representations and agreements required by Section 9 of this
Article II from any nominee for election as a director of the Corporation, as applicable); (2) a statement of the specific purpose or
purposes of the Special Meeting; (3) an acknowledgement by the Requesting Stockholders and the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule l3d-3
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any successor thereto) (the Act )) (the Beneficial Owner ),
if any, on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request(s) are being made that a disposition of shares of the Corporation s capital
stock owned of record or beneficially as of the date on which the Special Meeting Request(s) in respect of such shares is delivered to
the Secretary that is made at any time prior to the Special Meeting shall constitute a revocation of such Special Meeting Request(s)
with respect to such disposed shares; and (4) documentary evidence that the Requesting Stockholder(s) own the Requisite Percentage of
as of the date of such Special Meeting Request. 

In
determining whether a Special Meeting of Stockholders has been requested by the record holders of shares representing in the aggregate
at least the Requisite Percentage, multiple Special Meeting Requests will be considered together only if (i) each Special Meeting Request
identifies substantially the same purpose or purposes of the Special Meeting and substantially the same matters proposed to be acted
on at the Special Meeting (in each case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) and (ii) such Special Meeting Requests
have been dated and delivered to the Secretary within thirty (30) days of the earliest dated Special Meeting Request. A stockholder may
revoke a Special Meeting Request at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary, and if, following any revocation (including
any deemed revocation pursuant to clause (3) of the foregoing paragraph), the un-revoked Special Meeting Requests are from stockholders
holding in the aggregate less than the Requisite Percentage, the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may cancel the Special Meeting. 

8.
 CONSENT OF STOCKHOLDERS IN LIEU OF MEETING . 

Unless
otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any Annual or Special Meeting of
Stockholders of the Corporation, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting
forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that
would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
Every written consent purporting to take or authorize the taking of corporate action must bear the date of signature of each stockholder
who signs the written consent, and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within
sixty (60) days of the earliest dated written consent delivered in the manner required by this Section 6, written consent signed by a
sufficient number of stockholders to take such action are so delivered to the Corporation. The written consents shall be delivered to
the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Nevada, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation
having custody of the book in which the proceedings are recorded. Delivery to the registered officer shall be by hand or certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous
written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. 

The
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall
be as fixed by the Board of Directors or as otherwise established under this Section 6. Any person seeking to have the stockholders authorize
or take corporate action by written consent without a meeting shall, by written notice addressed to the Secretary of the Corporation
and delivered to the Corporation and signed by a stockholder of record, request that a record date be fixed for such purpose. The written
notice must contain the following information with respect to each action that the stockholder proposes to take by consent: (a) the information
required by Section 9 of Article II of these Bylaws as though such stockholder was intending to make a nomination or to bring any other
matter before a meeting of stockholders, and (b) to the extent not otherwise required by Section 9 of Article II of these Bylaws, such
notice must also state, (i) the text of the proposal (including the text of any resolutions to be effected by consent and the language
of any proposed amendment to the Bylaws of the Corporation), (ii) the reasons for soliciting consents for the proposal, (iii) any material
interest in the proposal held by the stockholder and the Beneficial Owner(s), if any, on whose behalf the action is to be taken, and
(iv) any other information relating to the stockholder, the Beneficial Owner(s), any person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate
for election or appointment as a director of the Corporation pursuant to such solicitation of written consents or the proposal of other
business by the stockholder, as applicable, that would be required to be disclosed in filings in connection with the solicitation of
proxies or consents pursuant to Section 14 of the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (or any successor provision
of the Act or the rules or regulations promulgated thereunder). Following receipt of the notice, the Board of Directors shall have ten
(10) calendar days to determine the validity of the request, and if appropriate, adopt a resolution fixing the record date for such purpose.
The record date for such purpose shall be no more than ten (10) calendar days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors and shall not precede the date such resolution is adopted. If the Board of Directors fails
within ten (10) calendar days after the Corporation receives such notice to fix a record date for such purpose, provided that the request
is valid and fixing a record date is appropriate, the record date shall be the day on which the first written consent is delivered to
the Corporation in the manner described in the first paragraph of this Section 6; except that, if prior action by the Board of Directors
is required by applicable law, the record date shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the
resolution taking such prior action. 

Nothing
contained in this Section 6 shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Board of Directors or any stockholder shall not
be entitled to contest the validity of any consent or related revocations, whether before or after such certification by the inspectors
or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution, or defense of any litigation with respect
thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 

Section
9. Advance Notice of Stockholder Proposals and Stockholder Nominations . Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors
of the Corporation and the proposal of business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at any meeting of stockholders only
(a) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting, (b) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or (c) by any stockholder
of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in these Bylaws and continues to be a
stockholder of record at the time of such meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures
set forth in this Section 9. 

To
be timely, a stockholder s notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not
later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary
of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by
more than 30 days or delayed by more than 70 days from such anniversary date or if the Corporation has not previously held an annual
meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to
such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth day
following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the public
announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting to a later date or time commence a new time period for the giving
of a stockholder s notice as described above. For purposes of these Bylaws, public announcement shall mean disclosure
in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Such
stockholder s notice shall set forth (I) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the Beneficial Owner, if any, on whose behalf
the nomination or proposal is made (each, a Stockholder Associated Person (a) the name and address of such stockholder,
as they appear on the Corporation s books, and of each other Stockholder Associated Person; (b) (1) the class and number of shares
of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such Stockholder Associated Person; (2) any option, warrant, convertible
security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at
a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any
class or series of shares of the Corporation, or any derivative or synthetic arrangement having the characteristics of a long position
in any class or series of shares of the Corporation, or any contract, derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions
designed to produce economic benefits and risks that correspond substantially to the ownership of any class or series of shares of the
Corporation, including due to the fact that the value of such contract, derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions
is determined by reference to the price, value or volatility of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such
instrument, contract or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of shares of the Corporation, through
the delivery of cash or other property, or otherwise, and without regard of whether any Stockholder Associated Person may have entered
into transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such instrument, contract or right or any other direct or indirect opportunity
to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation (any of the foregoing,
a Derivative Instrument directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such Stockholder Associated Person, (3) any proxy,
contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which any Stockholder Associated Person has a right to vote any class
or series of shares of the Corporation, (4) any agreement, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, including any repurchase
or similar so-called stock borrowing agreement or arrangement, engaged in, directly or indirectly, by any Stockholder Associated
Person, the purpose or effect of which is to mitigate loss to, reduce the economic risk (of ownership or otherwise) of any class or series
of the shares of the Corporation by, manage the risk of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder
with respect to any class or series of the shares of the Corporation, or which provides, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit
or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the price or value of any class or series of the shares of the Corporation (any of
the foregoing, Short Interests ), (5) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by any
Stockholder Associated Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (6) any proportionate interest
in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which any
Stockholder Associated Person is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner of
such general or limited partnership, (7) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that any Stockholder Associated
Person is entitled to base on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, including
without limitation any such interests held by members of such Stockholder Associated Person s immediate family sharing the same
household, (8) any significant equity interests or any Derivative Instruments or Short Interests in any principal competitor of the Corporation
held by any Stockholder Associated Person, and (9) any direct or indirect interest of any Stockholder Associated Person in any contract
with the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any principal competitor of the Corporation (including, in any such case, any
employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement); (d) any other information relating to any Stockholder
Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement and form of proxy or other filings required to be made
in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election of directors in a contested election
pursuant to Section 14 of the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (e) a representation that the stockholder
is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the
meeting and nominate the person or persons specified in the notice; (II) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate
for election or reelection as a director (a) all information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy
statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election
pursuant to Section 14 of the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such person s written consent
to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected), (b) the name and address of the person or
persons to be nominated, (c) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other
person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the stockholder;
(e) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during
the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among any Stockholder Associated Person, on the one hand, and
each proposed nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand,
including, without limitation all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation
S-K if such Stockholder Associated Person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director
or executive officer of such registrant; and (f) a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of such person
and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided
by the Secretary upon written request), and a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written
request) that such person (1) is not and will not become a party to (A) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not
given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act
or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (B) any Voting
Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with
such person s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (C) agrees to comply with all policies of the Corporation as in effect from
time to time and (D) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other
than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service
or action as a director that has not been disclosed therein; and (III) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring
before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business
at the meeting and any material interest in such business of any Stockholder Associated Person. In addition, the stockholder making such
proposal shall promptly provide any other information reasonably requested by the Corporation. Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws
to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at any meeting of the stockholders except in accordance with the procedures set forth
in this Section 9. The Chairman of any such meeting shall direct that any nomination or business not properly brought before the meeting
shall not be considered. 

ARTICLE
II 

DIRECTORS 

1.
 FUNCTIONS AND DEFINITION . The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board
of Directors of the corporation. The Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of the members thereof. The
use of the phrase whole board herein refers to the total number of directors which the corporation would have if there
were no vacancies. 

2.
 QUALIFICATIONS AND NUMBER . A director need not be a stockholder, a citizen of the United States, or a resident of the State of
Nevada. The initial Board of Directors shall consist of one person. Thereafter the number of directors constituting the whole board shall
be at least one. Subject to the foregoing limitation and except for the first Board of Directors, such number may be fixed from time
to time by action of the stockholders or of the directors, or, if the number is not fixed, the number shall be one. The number of directors
may be increased or decreased by action of the stockholders or of the directors. 

3.
 ELECTION AND TERM . The first Board of Directors, unless the members thereof shall have been named in the articles of incorporation,
shall be elected by the incorporator or incorporators and shall hold office until the first annual meeting of stockholders and until
their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon notice
given in writing or by electronic transmission to the corporation. Thereafter, directors who are elected at an annual meeting of stockholders,
and directors who are elected in the interim to fill vacancies and newly created directorships, shall hold office until the next annual
meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Except as
the Private Corporations Law may otherwise require, in the interim between annual meetings of stockholders or of special meetings of
stockholders called for the election of directors and/or for the removal of one or more directors and for the filling of any vacancy
in that connection, newly created directorships and any vacancies in the Board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting from
the removal of directors for cause or without cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office,
although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. 

4.
 MEETINGS . 

-
 TIME . Meetings shall be held at such time as the Board shall fix, except that the first meeting of a newly elected Board shall
be held as soon after its election as the directors may conveniently assemble. 

-
 PLACE . Meetings shall be held at such place within or without the State of Nevada as shall be fixed by the Board. 

-
 CALL . No call shall be required for regular meetings for which the time and place have been fixed. Special meetings may be called
by or at the direction of the Chairperson of the Board, if any, the Vice-Chairperson of the Board, if any, of the President, or of a
majority of the directors in office. 

-
 NOTICE OR ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE WAIVER . No notice shall be required for regular meetings for which the time and place have been
fixed. Written, oral, or any other mode of notice of the time and place shall be given for special meetings in sufficient time for the
convenient assembly of the directors thereat. Whenever notice is required to be given under the Private Corporations Law, articles of
incorporation or bylaws, a written waiver signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person
entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of any such person
at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of
objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.
Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meetings of the directors need be specified in any
written waiver of notice. 

-
 QUORUM AND ACTION . A majority of the whole Board shall constitute a quorum except when a vacancy or vacancies prevents such majority,
whereupon a majority of the directors in office shall constitute a quorum, provided, that such majority shall constitute at least one-third
of the whole Board. A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn a meeting to another time and
place. Except as herein otherwise provided, and except as otherwise provided by the Private Corporations Law, the vote of the majority
of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. The quorum and voting provisions herein
stated shall not be construed as conflicting with any provisions of the Private Corporations Law and these Bylaws which govern a meeting
of directors held to fill vacancies and newly created directorships in the Board or action of disinterested directors. 

Any
member or members of the Board of Directors or of any committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board, or
any such committee, as the case may be, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other. 

-
 CHAIRPERSON OF THE MEETING . The Chairperson of the Board, if any and if present and acting, shall preside at all meetings. Otherwise,
the Vice-Chairperson of the Board, if any and if present and acting, or the President, if present and acting, or any other director chosen
by the Board, shall preside. 

5.
 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS . Except as may otherwise be provided by the Private Corporations Law, any director or the entire Board of
Directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. 

6.
 COMMITTEES . The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors
of the corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or
disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of any such committee or committees,
the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute
a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified
member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority
of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation with the exception of any power or authority
the delegation of which is prohibited by Section 78.125 of the Private Corporations Law, and may authorize the seal of the corporation
to be affixed to all papers which may require it. 

7.
 WRITTEN ACTION . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof
may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or electronic
transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the
Board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if
the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 

ARTICLE
III 

OFFICERS 

The
officers of the corporation shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer, President, a Secretary, a Treasurer, and, if deemed necessary,
expedient, or desirable by the Board of Directors, a Chairperson of the Board, a Vice-Chairperson of the Board, one or more Executive
Vice-Presidents, one or more other Vice-Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and such other
officers with such titles as the resolution of the Board of Directors choosing them shall designate. Except as may otherwise be provided
in the resolution of the Board of Directors choosing such officer, no officer other than the Chairperson or Vice-Chairperson of the Board,
if any, need be a director. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, as the directors may determine. 

Unless
otherwise provided in the resolution choosing such officer, each officer shall be chosen for a term which shall continue until the meeting
of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such officer s successor shall have been
chosen and qualified. 

All
officers of the corporation shall have such authority and perform such duties in the management and operation of the corporation as shall
be prescribed in the resolutions of the Board of Directors designating and choosing such officers and prescribing their authority and
duties and shall have such additional authority and duties as are incident to their office except to the extent that such resolutions
may be inconsistent therewith. The Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the corporation shall record all of the proceedings of all
meetings and actions in writing of stockholders, directors, and committees of directors, and shall exercise such additional authority
and perform such additional duties as the Board shall assign to such Secretary or Assistant Secretary. Any officer may be removed, with
or without cause, by the Board of Directors. Any vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE
IV 

CORPORATE
SEAL 

The
corporate seal shall be in such form as the Board of Directors shall prescribe. 

ARTICLE
V 

FISCAL
YEAR 

The
fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed, and shall be subject to change, by the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE
VI 

CONTROL
OVER BYLAWS 

Subject
to the provisions of the articles of incorporation and the provisions of the Private Corporations Law, the power to amend, alter, or
repeal these Bylaws and to adopt new Bylaws may be exercised by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders. 

ARTICLE
VII 

INDEMNIFICATION
OF OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS 

1.
Discretionary and Mandatory Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees and Agents. 

a.
 Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than those by or in the Right of the Corporation . Subject to Article
VIII, Section 1(c), the Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the Nevada Revised Statutes, as now or hereafter in effect,
indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the Corporation, by reason
of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation
as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses,
including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection
with the action, suit or proceeding if he: (i) is not liable pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes Section 78.138; or (ii) acted in good
faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect
to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit
or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, does not, of itself, create
a presumption that the person is liable pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes Section 78.138 or did not act in good faith and in a
manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or that, with respect to any criminal
action or proceeding, he had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

b.
 Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation . Subject to Article VII, Section 1(c),
the Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the Nevada Revised Statutes, as now or hereafter in effect, indemnify any person
who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of
the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of
the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys fees
actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he: (i) is not liable pursuant
to Nevada Revised Statutes Section 78.138; or (ii) acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the Corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has
been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the Corporation or for
amounts paid in settlement to the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or
other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly
and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper. 

c.
 Authorization . Any indemnification pursuant to Article VIII, Section 1, unless ordered by a court or advanced pursuant to Article
VIII, Section 6, shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of
the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances. The determination must be made: (i) by the stockholders; (ii)
by the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding;
(iii) if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent
legal counsel in a written opinion; or (iv) if a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding
cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion.. To the extent, however, that a director, officer, employee or
agent of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Article
VIII, Section 1, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the Corporation shall indemnify such person against expenses, including
attorneys fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense. 

2.
 Expenses Payable in Advance . Expenses incurred by a current or former director or officer in defending or investigating a threatened
or pending action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the Corporation, upon the determination by the Board of Directors, in advance of
the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to
repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in
this Article VIII, provided the Corporation approves in advance counsel selected by the director or officer (which approval shall not
be unreasonably withheld). The provisions of this Article VIII, Section 2 do not affect any rights to advancement of expenses to which
corporate personnel other than directors or officers may be entitled under any contract or otherwise by law. 

3.
 Contract Rights . The provisions of this Article VIII shall be deemed to be a contract right between the Corporation and each director,
officer, employee or agent of the Corporation who serves in any such capacity at any time while this Article VIII and the relevant provisions
of the Nevada Revised Statutes or other applicable law are in effect. Such contract right shall vest for each director and officer at
the time such person is elected or appointed to such position, and no repeal or modification of this Article VIII or any such law shall
affect any such vested rights or obligations then existing with respect to any state of facts or proceeding arising after such election
or appointment. 

4.
 Non-exclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by or
granted pursuant to this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement
of expenses may be entitled under the Articles of Incorporation or any Bylaws, agreement, contract, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or pursuant to the direction (howsoever embodied) of any court of competent jurisdiction or otherwise, both as to action in
his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification
of the persons specified in Article VIII, Section 1 shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this Article
VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Article VIII, Section 1 but whom the Corporation
has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes, or otherwise. However, indemnification,
unless ordered by a court pursuant to Article VIII, Section 6 or for the advancement of expenses made pursuant to Article VII, Section
2, may not be made to or on behalf of any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation if a final adjudication establishes
that his acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of the law and was material to the cause of
action. 

5.
 Insurance . The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of
the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise against any liability
asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would
have the power or the obligation to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VIII. 

6.
 Indemnification by a Court . Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Article VIII, Section 1(c),
and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any director or officer may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction
in the State of Nevada for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible under Article VIII, Section 1. The basis of such indemnification
by a court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because
he has met the applicable standards of conduct set forth in Article VIII, Section 1, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination
in the specific case under Article VIII, Section 1(c) nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application
or create a presumption that the director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. Notice of
any application for indemnification pursuant to Article VIII, Section 6 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of
such application. If successful, in whole or in part, the director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid
the expense of prosecuting such application to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

7.
 Limitation on Indemnification . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article VIII, Section 6 to the contrary, except for
proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 5 of this Article VIII), the Corporation shall not
be obligated to indemnify any director or officer in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such
proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 

8.
 Severability . If these Bylaws or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction,
then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each person as provided above as to the expenses (including attorney s fees),
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement with respect to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative, including a grand jury proceeding and an action by the Corporation, to the full extent permitted by any applicable
portion of these Bylaws that shall not have been invalidated or by any other applicable law. 

9.
 Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by the Corporation
pursuant to this Article VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to
be a director, officer, employee or agent and inures to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such person. 

10.
 Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Article VIII, references to the Corporation shall include, in addition
to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or
merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so
that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent
corporation serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of
this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation
if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to fines shall include any excise
taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation 
shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services
by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good
faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan
shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this Article
VIII. 

ARTICLE
VIII. 

FORUM
SELECTION 

Unless
the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, a state or federal court located within the State of New
York shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any
action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation
or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any actions asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Nevada Revised
Statutes, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, in each case as amended, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the
internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to such court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named
as defendants therein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article VIII. 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Authorized
Capital Stock 

The
total number of shares of stock Panacea Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. is authorized to issue shall be 700,000,000 shares. This stock shall
be divided into two classes to be designated as Common Stock and Preferred Stock. 

Common
Stock 

The
total number of authorized shares of common stock shall be 650,000,000 shares with a par value of 0.0001 per share. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock shall be 50,000,000 shares with a par value of 0.0001 per share. The board of directors
shall have the authority to authorize the issuance of the Preferred Stock from time to time in one or more classes or series, and to
state in the resolution or resolutions from time to time adopted providing for the issuance thereof the following: 

(a)
Whether or not the class or series shall have voting rights, full or limited, the nature and qualifications, limitations and restrictions
on those rights, or whether the class or series will be without voting rights; 

(b)
The number of shares to constitute the class or series and the designation thereof; 

(c)
The preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions
thereof, if any, with respect to any class or series; 

(d)
Whether or not the shares of any class or series shall be redeemable and if redeemable, the redemption price or prices, and the time
or times at which, and the terms and conditions upon which, such shares shall be redeemable and the manner of redemption; 

(e)
Whether or not the shares of a class or series shall be subject to the operation of retirement or sinking funds to be applied to the
purchase or redemption of such shares for retirement, and if such retirement or sinking funds be established, the amount and the terms
and provisions thereof; 

(f)
The dividend rate, whether dividends are payable in cash, stock of the Corporation, or other property, the conditions upon which and
the times when such dividends are payable, the preference to or the relation to the payment of dividends payable on any other class or
classes or series of stock, whether or not such dividend shall be cumulative or noncumulative, and if cumulative, the date or dates from
which such dividends shall accumulate; 

(g)
The preferences, if any, and the amounts thereof which the holders of any class or series thereof are entitled to receive upon the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution of, or upon any distribution of assets of, the Corporation; 

(h)
Whether or not the shares of any class or series are convertible into, or exchangeable for, the shares of any other class or classes
or of any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation and the conversion price or prices or ratio
or ratios or the rate or rates at which such exchange may be made, with such adjustments, if any, as shall be stated and expressed or
provided for in such resolution or resolutions; and 

(i)
Such other rights and provisions with respect to any class or series as may to the board of directors seem advisable. 

The
shares of each class or series of the Preferred Stock may vary from the shares of any other class or series thereof in any respect. The
Board of Directors may increase the number of shares of the Preferred Stock designated for any existing class or series by a resolution
adding to such class or series authorized and unissued shares of the Preferred Stock not designated for any existing class or series
of the Preferred Stock and the shares so subtracted shall become authorized, unissued and undesignated shares of the Preferred Stock. 

Special
Meetings 

Under
our bylaws, unless otherwise prescribed by law or by the Articles of Incorporation, Special Meetings of Stockholders, for any purpose
or purposes, may be called by either (i) the Chairman, if there be one, or (ii) the President, (iii) any Vice President, if there be
one, (iv) the Secretary, or (v) any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, and shall be called by any such officer at the request in writing
of a majority of the Board of Directors or at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority of the capital stock of the Corporation
issued and outstanding and entitled to vote (the Requisite Percentage ). Written notice of a Special Meeting stating the
place, date and hour of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called shall be given not less than ten nor
more than sixty days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. 

A
stockholder request for a Special Meeting (a Special Meeting Request shall be directed to the Secretary of the Corporation
and shall be signed by each stockholder, or a duly authorized agent of such stockholder, requesting the Special Meeting (each, a Requesting
Stockholder and shall be accompanied by a notice setting forth (1) the information required by Section 9 of this Article II as
to any nominations proposed to be made or any other business proposed to be conducted at such Special Meeting and as to such Requesting
Stockholders (including the completed written questionnaires and written representations and agreements required by Section 9 of this
Article II from any nominee for election as a director of the Corporation, as applicable); (2) a statement of the specific purpose or
purposes of the Special Meeting; (3) an acknowledgement by the Requesting Stockholders and the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule l3d-3
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any successor thereto) (the Act )) (the Beneficial Owner ),
if any, on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request(s) are being made that a disposition of shares of the Corporation s capital
stock owned of record or beneficially as of the date on which the Special Meeting Request(s) in respect of such shares is delivered to
the Secretary that is made at any time prior to the Special Meeting shall constitute a revocation of such Special Meeting Request(s)
with respect to such disposed shares; and (4) documentary evidence that the Requesting Stockholder(s) own the Requisite Percentage of
as of the date of such Special Meeting Request. 

In
determining whether a Special Meeting of Stockholders has been requested by the record holders of shares representing in the aggregate
at least the Requisite Percentage, multiple Special Meeting Requests will be considered together only if (i) each Special Meeting Request
identifies substantially the same purpose or purposes of the Special Meeting and substantially the same matters proposed to be acted
on at the Special Meeting (in each case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) and (ii) such Special Meeting Requests
have been dated and delivered to the Secretary within thirty (30) days of the earliest dated Special Meeting Request. A stockholder may
revoke a Special Meeting Request at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary, and if, following any revocation (including
any deemed revocation pursuant to clause (3) of the foregoing paragraph), the un-revoked Special Meeting Requests are from stockholders
holding in the aggregate less than the Requisite Percentage, the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may cancel the Special Meeting. 

Consent
of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting 

Unless
otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any Annual or Special Meeting of
Stockholders of the Corporation, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting
forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that
would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
Every written consent purporting to take or authorize the taking of corporate action must bear the date of signature of each stockholder
who signs the written consent, and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within
sixty (60) days of the earliest dated written consent delivered in the manner required by this Section 6, written consent signed by a
sufficient number of stockholders to take such action are so delivered to the Corporation. The written consents shall be delivered to
the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Nevada, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation
having custody of the book in which the proceedings are recorded. Delivery to the registered officer shall be by hand or certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous
written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. 

The
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall
be as fixed by the Board of Directors or as otherwise established under this Section 6. Any person seeking to have the stockholders authorize
or take corporate action by written consent without a meeting shall, by written notice addressed to the Secretary of the Corporation
and delivered to the Corporation and signed by a stockholder of record, request that a record date be fixed for such purpose. The written
notice must contain the following information with respect to each action that the stockholder proposes to take by consent: (a) the information
required by Section 9 of Article II of these Bylaws as though such stockholder was intending to make a nomination or to bring any other
matter before a meeting of stockholders, and (b) to the extent not otherwise required by Section 9 of Article II of these Bylaws, such
notice must also state, (i) the text of the proposal (including the text of any resolutions to be effected by consent and the language
of any proposed amendment to the Bylaws of the Corporation), (ii) the reasons for soliciting consents for the proposal, (iii) any material
interest in the proposal held by the stockholder and the Beneficial Owner(s), if any, on whose behalf the action is to be taken, and
(iv) any other information relating to the stockholder, the Beneficial Owner(s), any person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate
for election or appointment as a director of the Corporation pursuant to such solicitation of written consents or the proposal of other
business by the stockholder, as applicable, that would be required to be disclosed in filings in connection with the solicitation of
proxies or consents pursuant to Section 14 of the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (or any successor provision
of the Act or the rules or regulations promulgated thereunder). Following receipt of the notice, the Board of Directors shall have ten
(10) calendar days to determine the validity of the request, and if appropriate, adopt a resolution fixing the record date for such purpose.
The record date for such purpose shall be no more than ten (10) calendar days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors and shall not precede the date such resolution is adopted. If the Board of Directors fails
within ten (10) calendar days after the Corporation receives such notice to fix a record date for such purpose, provided that the request
is valid and fixing a record date is appropriate, the record date shall be the day on which the first written consent is delivered to
the Corporation in the manner described in the first paragraph of this Section 6; except that, if prior action by the Board of Directors
is required by applicable law, the record date shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the
resolution taking such prior action. 

Nothing
contained in this Section 6 shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Board of Directors or any stockholder shall not
be entitled to contest the validity of any consent or related revocations, whether before or after such certification by the inspectors
or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution, or defense of any litigation with respect
thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

Equity
Stock Transfer is the transfer agent and registrar in respect of the common stock. 

Pursuant
to Item 202(a), the information regarding the Common Stock contained herein does not constitute a complete legal description of the Common
Stock and is qualified in all material respects by the provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
and bylaws, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.20>
 4
 ex10-20.htm

Exhibit
10.20 

Panacea
Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. 

 Amended
and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 

1.
 Scope of Plan; Definitions . 

(a)
This Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan is intended to advance the interests of Panacea Life Sciences
Holdings, Inc. (the Company and its Related Corporations by enhancing the ability of the Company to attract and retain
qualified employees, consultants, Officers and directors, by creating incentives and rewards for their contributions to the success of
the Company and its Related Corporations. This Plan will provide to (a) Officers and other employees of the Company and its Related Corporations
opportunities to purchase common stock, par value 0.0001 Common Stock of the Company pursuant to Options granted hereunder
which qualify as incentive stock options ISOs under Section 422(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ),
(b) directors, Officers, employees and consultants of the Company and Related Corporations opportunities to purchase Common Stock of
the Company pursuant to options granted hereunder which do not qualify as ISOs Non-Qualified Options ); (c) directors,
Officers, employees and consultants of the Company and Related Corporations opportunities to receive shares of Common Stock of the Company
which normally are subject to restrictions on sale Restricted Stock ); (d) directors, Officers, employees and consultants
of the Company and Related Corporations opportunities to receive grants of stock appreciation rights SARs ); and (e) directors,
Officers, employees and consultants of the Company and Related Corporations opportunities to receive grants of restricted stock units RSUs ). ISOs and Non-Qualified Options are referred to hereafter as Options. Options, Restricted Stock, RSUs
and SARs are sometimes referred to hereafter collectively as Stock Rights. Any of the Options and/or Stock Rights may in
the Board of Directors or Compensation Committee s discretion be issued in tandem to one or more other Options and/or Stock
Rights to the extent permitted by law. 

(b)
For purposes of the Plan, capitalized words and terms shall have the following meaning: 

Board 
means the board of directors of the Company. 

Chairman 
means the chairman of the Board. 

Change
of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company
of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in a transaction which requires shareholder approval under applicable state
law; or (ii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation
which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least 50 of the total voting power
represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger
or consolidation. 

Code 
shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

Common
Stock shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

Company 
shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

Compensation
Committee means the compensation committee of the Board, if any, which shall consist of two or more members of the Board, each
of whom shall be both an outside director within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code and a non-employee director 
within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. All references in this Plan to the Compensation Committee shall mean the Board when (i) there is no
Compensation Committee or (ii) the Board has retained the power to administer this Plan. 

Disability 
means permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code or successor statute. 

Disqualifying
Disposition means any disposition (including any sale) of Common Stock underlying an ISO before the later of (i) two years after
the date of employee was granted the ISO or (ii) one year after the date the employee acquired Common Stock by exercising the ISO. 

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Fair
Market Value shall be determined as of the last Trading Day before the date a Stock Right is granted and shall mean: 

(1)
the closing price on the principal market if the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange or the OTCQB or OTCQX. 

(2)
if the Company s shares are not listed on a national securities exchange or the OTCQB or OTCQX, then the closing price if reported
or the average bid and asked price for the Company s shares as published by OTC Markets Group, Inc.; 

(3)
if there are no prices available under clauses (1) or (2), then Fair Market Value shall be based upon the average closing bid and asked
price as determined following a polling of all dealers making a market in the Company s Common Stock; or 

(4)
if there is no regularly established trading market for the Company s Common Stock or if the Company s Common Stock is listed,
quoted or reported under clauses (1) or (2) but it trades sporadically rather than every day, the Fair Market Value shall be established
by the Board or the Compensation Committee taking into consideration all relevant factors including the most recent price at which the
Company s Common Stock was sold. 

ISO 
shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

Non-Qualified
Options shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

Officers 
means a person who is an executive officer of the Company and is required to file ownership reports under Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act. 

Options 
shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

Plan 
shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

Related
Corporations shall mean a corporation which is a subsidiary corporation with respect to the Company within the meaning of Section
424(f) of the Code. 

Restricted
Stock shall have the meaning contained in Section 1(a). 

RSU 
shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

SAR 
shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933. 

Stock
Rights shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

Trading
Day shall mean a day on which The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC is open for business. 

This
Plan is intended to comply in all respects with Rule 16b-3 Rule 16b-3 and its successor rules as promulgated under Section
16(b) of the Exchange Act for participants who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. To the extent any provision of the Plan
or action by the Plan administrators fails to so comply, it shall be deemed null and void to the extent permitted by law and deemed advisable
by the Plan administrators. Provided , however , such exercise of discretion by the Plan administrators shall not interfere
with the contract rights of any grantee. In the event that any interpretation or construction of the Plan is required, it shall be interpreted
and construed in order to ensure, to the maximum extent permissible by law, that such grantee does not violate the short-swing profit
provisions of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and that any exemption available under Rule 16b-3 or other rule is available. 

2.
 Administration of the Plan . 

(a)
The Plan may be administered by the entire Board or by the Compensation Committee. Once appointed, the Compensation Committee shall continue
to serve until otherwise directed by the Board. A majority of the members of the Compensation Committee shall constitute a quorum, and
all determinations of the Compensation Committee shall be made by the majority of its members present at a meeting. Any determination
of the Compensation Committee under the Plan may be made without notice or meeting of the Compensation Committee by a writing signed
by all of the Compensation Committee members. Subject to ratification of the grant of each Stock Right by the Board (but only if so required
by applicable state law), and subject to the terms of the Plan, the Compensation Committee shall have the authority to (i) determine
the employees of the Company and Related Corporations (from among the class of employees eligible under Section 3 to receive ISOs) to
whom ISOs may be granted, and to determine (from among the class of individuals and entities eligible under Section 3 to receive Non-Qualified
Options, Restricted Stock, RSUs and SARs) to whom Non-Qualified Options, Restricted Stock, RSUs and SARs may be granted; (ii) determine
when Stock Rights may be granted; (iii) determine the exercise prices of Stock Rights other than Restricted Stock and RSUs, which shall
not be less than the Fair Market Value; (iv) determine whether each Option granted shall be an ISO or a Non-Qualified Option; (v) determine
when Stock Rights shall become exercisable, the duration of the exercise period and when each Stock Right shall vest; (vi) determine
whether restrictions such as repurchase options are to be imposed on shares subject to or issued in connection with Stock Rights, and
the nature of such restrictions, if any, and (vii) interpret the Plan and promulgate and rescind rules and regulations relating to it.
The interpretation and construction by the Compensation Committee of any provisions of the Plan or of any Stock Right granted under it
shall be final, binding and conclusive unless otherwise determined by the Board. The Compensation Committee may from time to time adopt
such rules and regulations for carrying out the Plan as it may deem best. 

No
members of the Compensation Committee or the Board shall be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to
the Plan or any Stock Right granted under it. No member of the Compensation Committee or the Board shall be liable for any act or omission
of any other member of the Compensation Committee or the Board or for any act or omission on his own part, including but not limited
to the exercise of any power and discretion given to him under the Plan, except those resulting from his own gross negligence or willful
misconduct. 

(b)
The Compensation Committee may select one of its members as its chairman and shall hold meetings at such time and places as it may determine.
All references in this Plan to the Compensation Committee shall mean the Board if no Compensation Committee has been appointed. From
time to time the Board may increase the size of the Compensation Committee and appoint additional members thereof, remove members (with
or without cause) and appoint new members in substitution therefor, fill vacancies however caused or remove all members of the Compensation
Committee and thereafter directly administer the Plan. 

(c)
Stock Rights may be granted to members of the Board, whether such grants are in their capacity as directors, Officers or consultants.
All grants of Stock Rights to members of the Board shall in all other respects be made in accordance with the provisions of this Plan
applicable to other eligible persons. Members of the Board who are either (i) eligible for Stock Rights pursuant to the Plan or (ii)
have been granted Stock Rights may vote on any matters affecting the administration of the Plan or the grant of any Stock Rights pursuant
to the Plan. 

(d)
In addition to such other rights of indemnification as he or she may have as a member of the Board, and with respect to administration
of the Plan and the granting of Stock Rights under it, each member of the Board and of the Compensation Committee shall be entitled without
further act on his part to indemnification from the Company for all expenses (including advances of litigation expenses, the amount of
judgment and the amount of approved settlements made with a view to the curtailment of costs of litigation) reasonably incurred by him
in connection with or arising out of any action, suit or proceeding, including any appeal thereof, with respect to the administration
of the Plan or the granting of Stock Rights under it in which he may be involved by reason of his being or having been a member of the
Board or the Compensation Committee, whether or not he continues to be such member of the Board or the Compensation Committee at the
time of the incurring of such expenses; provided , however , that such indemnity shall be subject to the limitations contained
in any Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the Board member or Officer. The foregoing right of indemnification shall inure
to the benefit of the heirs, executors or administrators of each such member of the Board or the Compensation Committee and shall be
in addition to all other rights to which such member of the Board or the Compensation Committee would be entitled to as a matter of law,
contract or otherwise. 

(e)
The Board may delegate the powers to grant Stock Rights to Officers to the extent permitted by the laws of the Company s state
of incorporation. 

3.
 Eligible Employees and Others . ISOs may be granted to any employee of the Company or any Related Corporation. Those Officers and
directors of the Company who are not employees may not be granted ISOs under the Plan. Subject to compliance with Rule 16b-3 and other
applicable securities laws, Non-Qualified Options, Restricted Stock, RSUs and SARs may be granted to any director (whether or not an
employee), Officers, employees or consultants of the Company or any Related Corporation. The Compensation Committee may take into consideration
a recipient s individual circumstances in determining whether to grant an ISO, a Non-Qualified Option, Restricted Stock, RSUs or
a SAR. Granting of any Stock Right to any individual or entity shall neither entitle that individual or entity to, nor disqualify him
from participation in, any other grant of Stock Rights. 

4.
 Common Stock . The Common Stock subject to Stock Rights shall be authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock or shares of Common
Stock reacquired by the Company in any manner, including purchase, forfeiture or otherwise. The aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock which may be issued pursuant to the Plan is 113,383,460, less any Stock Rights previously granted or exercised, subject to adjustment
as provided in Section 14. Any such shares may be issued under ISOs, Non-Qualified Options, Restricted Stock, RSUs or SARs, so long as
the number of shares so issued does not exceed the limitations in this Section. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 14,
no more than 113,383,460 shares of Common Stock may be issued in the aggregate pursuant to the exercise of ISOs. If any Stock Rights
granted under the Plan shall expire or terminate for any reason without having been exercised in full or shall cease for any reason to
be exercisable in whole or in part, or if the Company shall reacquire any unvested shares, the unpurchased shares subject to such Stock
Rights and any unvested shares so reacquired by the Company shall again be available for grants under the Plan. For the avoidance of
doubt, in the event that (i) the payment of the exercise price of any Stock Right, or (ii) the satisfaction of any tax withholding obligations
arising from any Stock Right is made by withholding of shares of Common Stock by the Company, the shares so withheld shall again become
available for grants under the Plan. 

5.
 Granting of Stock Rights . 

(a)
The date of grant of a Stock Right under the Plan will be the date specified by the Board or Compensation Committee at the time it grants
the Stock Right; provided , however , that such date shall not be prior to the date on which the Board or Compensation Committee
acts to approve the grant. The Board or Compensation Committee shall have the right, with the consent of the optionee, to convert an
ISO granted under the Plan to a Non-Qualified Option pursuant to Section 17. 

(b)
The Board or Compensation Committee shall grant Stock Rights to participants that it, in its sole discretion, selects. Stock Rights shall
be granted on such terms as the Board or Compensation Committee shall determine except that ISOs shall be granted on terms that comply
with the Code and regulations thereunder. 

(c)
A SAR entitles the holder to receive, as designated by the Board or Compensation Committee, cash or shares of Common Stock, value equal
to (or otherwise based on) the excess of: (a) the Fair Market Value of a specified number of shares of Common Stock at the time of exercise
over (b) an exercise price established by the Board or Compensation Committee. The exercise price of each SAR granted under this Plan
shall be established by the Compensation Committee or shall be determined by a method established by the Board or Compensation Committee
at the time the SAR is granted, provided the exercise price shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common
Stock on the date of the grant of the SAR, or such higher price as is established by the Board or Compensation Committee. A SAR shall
be exercisable in accordance with such terms and conditions and during such periods as may be established by the Board or Compensation
Committee. Shares of Common Stock delivered pursuant to the exercise of a SAR shall be subject to such conditions, restrictions and contingencies
as the Board or Compensation Committee may establish in the applicable SAR agreement or document, if any. The Board or Compensation Committee,
in its discretion, may impose such conditions, restrictions and contingencies with respect to shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant
to the exercise of each SAR as the Board or Compensation Committee determines to be desirable. A SAR under the Plan shall be subject
to such terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the Plan, as the Board or Compensation Committee shall, in its discretion, prescribe.
The terms and conditions of any SAR to any grantee shall be reflected in such form of agreement as is determined by the Board or Compensation
Committee. A copy of such document, if any, shall be provided to the grantee, and the Board or Compensation Committee may condition the
granting of the SAR on the grantee executing such agreement. 

(d)
An RSU gives the grantee the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s Common Stock on applicable vesting or other dates.
Delivery of the RSUs may be deferred beyond vesting as determined by the Board or Compensation Committee. RSUs shall be evidenced by
an RSU agreement in the form determined by the Board or Compensation Committee. With respect to an RSU, which becomes non-forfeitable
due to the lapse of time, the Compensation Committee shall prescribe in the RSU agreement the vesting period. With respect to the granting
of the RSU, which becomes non-forfeitable due to the satisfaction of certain pre-established performance-based objectives imposed by
the Board or Compensation Committee, the measurement date of whether such performance-based objectives have been satisfied shall be a
date no earlier than the first anniversary of the date of the RSU. A recipient who is granted an RSU shall possess no incidents of ownership
with respect to such underlying Common Stock, although the RSU agreement may provide for payments in lieu of dividends to such grantee. 

(e)
Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan, the Board or Compensation Committee may impose conditions and restrictions on any grant of
Stock Rights including forfeiture of vested Options, cancellation of Common Stock acquired in connection with any Stock Right and forfeiture
of profits. 

(f)
The Options and SARs shall not be exercisable for a period of more than 10 years from the date of grant. 

6.
 Sale of Shares . The shares underlying Stock Rights granted to any Officer, director or a beneficial owner of 10 or more of the
Company s securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act shall not be sold, assigned or transferred by the grantee
until at least six months elapse from the date of the grant thereof. 

7.
 ISO Minimum Option Price and Other Limitations . 

(a)
The exercise price per share relating to all Options granted under the Plan shall not be less than the Fair Market Value per share of
Common Stock on the last trading day prior to the date of such grant. For purposes of determining the exercise price, the date of the
grant shall be the later of (i) the date of approval by the Board or Compensation Committee or the Board, or (ii) for ISOs, the date
the recipient becomes an employee of the Company. In the case of an ISO to be granted to an employee owning Common Stock which represents
more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Related Corporation, the price per share
shall not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the date of grant and such ISO shall not be exercisable
after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. 

(b)
In no event shall the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time an ISO is granted) of Common Stock for which ISOs granted to
any employee are exercisable for the first time by such employee during any calendar year (under all stock option plans of the Company
and any Related Corporation) exceed 100,000. 

8.
 Duration of Stock Rights . Subject to earlier termination as provided in Sections 5, 9, 10 and 11, each Option and SAR shall expire
on the date specified in the original instrument granting such Stock Right (except with respect to any part of an ISO that is converted
into a Non-Qualified Option pursuant to Section 17), provided , however , that such instrument must comply with Section 422
of the Code with regard to ISOs and Rule 16b-3 with regard to all Stock Rights granted pursuant to the Plan to Officers, directors and
10 shareholders of the Company. 

9.
 Exercise of Options and SARs; Vesting of Stock Rights . Subject to the provisions of Sections 9 through 13, each Option and SAR
granted under the Plan shall be exercisable as follows: 

(a)
The Options and SARs shall either be fully vested and exercisable from the date of grant or shall vest and become exercisable in such
installments as the Board or Compensation Committee may specify. 

(b)
Once an installment becomes exercisable it shall remain exercisable until expiration or termination of the Option and SAR, unless otherwise
specified by the Board or Compensation Committee. 

(c)
Each Option and SAR or installment, once it becomes exercisable, may be exercised at any time or from time to time, in whole or in part,
for up to the total number of shares with respect to which it is then exercisable. 

(d)
The Board or Compensation Committee shall have the right to accelerate the vesting date of any installment of any Stock Right; provided
 that the Board or Compensation Committee shall not accelerate the exercise date of any installment of any Option granted to any employee
as an ISO (and not previously converted into a Non-Qualified Option pursuant to Section 17) if such acceleration would violate the annual
exercisability limitation contained in Section 422(d) of the Code as described in Section 7(b). 

10.
 Termination of Service . Subject to any contrary provisions or restrictions as may be imposed by the Board or Compensation Committee
or by a written agreement, if an optionee ceases to be employed by the Company or any Related Corporations, other than by reason of death
or disability, no further installments of his Options shall vest or become exercisable, and the Options shall terminate on 5:30 pm New
York, NY time on the day three months after the day of the termination of his employment, but in no event later than on their specified
expiration dates. Employment shall be considered as continuing uninterrupted during any bona fide leave of absence (such as those attributable
to illness, military obligations or governmental service) provided that the period of such leave does not exceed 90 days or, if longer,
any period during which such optionee s right to re-employment is guaranteed by statute. A leave of absence with the written approval
of the Board shall not be considered an interruption of employment under the Plan, provided that such written approval contractually
obligates the Company or any Related Corporation to continue the employment of the optionee after the approved period of absence. ISOs
granted under the Plan shall not be affected by any change of employment within or among the Company and Related Corporations so long
as the optionee continues to be an employee of the Company or any Related Corporation. 

11.
 Death; Disability . Unless otherwise determined by the Board or Compensation Committee or by a written agreement: 

(a)
If the holder of an Option or SAR ceases to be employed by the Company and all Related Corporations by reason of his death, any Options
or SARs held by the optionee may be exercised to the extent he could have exercised it on the date of his death, by his estate, personal
representative or beneficiary who has acquired the Options or SARs by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, at any time prior
to the earlier of: (i) the Options or SARs specified expiration date or (ii) one year (except three months for an ISO)
from the date of death. 

(b)
If the holder of an Option or SAR ceases to be employed by the Company and all Related Corporations, or a director or Director Advisor
can no longer perform his duties, by reason of his Disability, any Options or SARs held by the optionee may be exercised to the extent
he could have exercised it on the date of termination due to Disability until the earlier of (i) the Options or SARs specified
expiration date or (ii) one year from the date of the termination. 

12.
 Assignment, Transfer or Sale . 

(a)
No ISO granted under this Plan shall be assignable or transferable by the grantee except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution,
and during the lifetime of the grantee, each ISO shall be exercisable only by him, his guardian or legal representative. 

(b)
Except for ISOs, all Stock Rights are transferable subject to compliance with applicable securities laws and Section 6 of this Plan. 

13.
 Terms and Conditions of Stock Rights . Stock Rights shall be evidenced by instruments (which need not be identical) in such forms
as the Board or Compensation Committee may from time to time approve. Such instruments shall conform to the terms and conditions set
forth in Sections 5 through 12 hereof and may contain such other provisions as the Board or Compensation Committee deems advisable which
are not inconsistent with the Plan. In granting any Stock Rights, the Board or Compensation Committee may specify that Stock Rights shall
be subject to the restrictions set forth herein with respect to ISOs, or to such other termination and cancellation provisions as the
Board or Compensation Committee may determine. The Board or Compensation Committee may from time to time confer authority and responsibility
on one or more of its own members and/or one or more Officers of the Company to execute and deliver such instruments. The proper Officers
of the Company are authorized and directed to take any and all action necessary or advisable from time to time to carry out the terms
of such instruments. 

14.
 Adjustments Upon Certain Events . 

(a)
Subject to any required action by the shareholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each outstanding Stock
Right, and the number of shares of Common Stock which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Stock Rights
have yet been granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of a Stock Right, as well as the price
per share of Common Stock (or cash, as applicable) covered by each such outstanding Option or SAR, shall be proportionately adjusted
for any increases or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend, combination or reclassification of Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common
Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company; provided , however , that conversion of any convertible securities
of the Company or the voluntary cancellation whether by virtue of a cashless exercise of a derivative security of the Company or otherwise
shall not be deemed to have been effected without receipt of consideration. Such adjustment shall be made by the Board
or Compensation Committee, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein,
no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect,
and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to a Stock Right.
No adjustments shall be made for dividends or other distributions paid in cash or in property other than securities of the Company. 

(b)
In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Board or Compensation Committee shall notify each participant
as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it has not been previously exercised,
a Stock Right will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action. 

(c)
In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation, or a Change of Control, each outstanding Stock Right shall
be assumed (as defined below) or an equivalent option or right substituted by the successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary of
the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Stock Rights, the participants
shall fully vest in and have the right to exercise their Stock Rights as to which it would not otherwise be vested or exercisable. If
a Stock Right becomes fully vested and exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in the event of a merger or sale of assets,
the Board or Compensation Committee shall notify the participant in writing or electronically that the Stock Right shall be fully vested
and exercisable for a period of at least 15 days from the date of such notice, and any Options or SARs shall terminate one minute prior
to the closing of the merger or sale of assets. 

For
the purposes of this Section 14(c), the Stock Right shall be considered assumed if, following the merger or Change of Control,
the option or right confers the right to purchase or receive, for each share of Common Stock subject to the Stock Right immediately prior
to the merger or Change of Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or
Change of Control by holders of Common Stock for each share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered
a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided ,
 however , that if such consideration received in the merger or Change of Control is not solely common stock of the successor corporation
or its parent, the Board or Compensation Committee may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration
to be received upon the exercise of the Stock Right, for each share of Common Stock subject to the Stock Right, to be solely common stock
of the successor corporation or its parent equal in Fair Market Value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common Stock
in the merger or Change of Control. 

(d)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any adjustments made pursuant to Section 14(a), (b) or (c) with respect to ISOs shall be made only after
the Board or Compensation Committee, after consulting with counsel for the Company, determines whether such adjustments would constitute
a modification of such ISOs (as that term is defined in Section 424(h) of the Code) or would cause any adverse tax consequences
for the holders of such ISOs. If the Board or Compensation Committee determines that such adjustments made with respect to ISOs would
constitute a modification of such ISOs it may refrain from making such adjustments. 

(e)
No fractional shares shall be issued under the Plan and the optionee shall receive from the Company cash in lieu of such fractional shares. 

15.
 Means of Exercising Stock Rights . 

(a)
An Option or SAR (or any part or installment thereof) shall be exercised by giving written notice to the Company at its principal office
address. Such notice shall identify the Stock Right being exercised and specify the number of shares as to which such Stock Right is
being exercised, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price therefor (to the extent it is exercisable in cash) either (i) in United
States dollars by check or wire transfer; or (ii) at the discretion of the Board or Compensation Committee, through delivery of shares
of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal as of the date of the exercise to the cash exercise price of the Stock Right or such
other formula as may be approved by the Board or Compensation Committee; or (iii) at the discretion of the Board or Compensation Committee,
by any combination of (i) and (ii) above. If the Board or Compensation Committee exercises its discretion to permit payment of the exercise
price of an ISO by means of the methods set forth in clauses (ii) or (iii) of the preceding sentence, such discretion need not be exercised
in writing at the time of the grant of the Stock Right in question. The holder of a Stock Right shall not have the rights of a shareholder
with respect to the shares covered by his Stock Right until the date of issuance of a stock certificate to him for such shares. Except
as expressly provided above in Section 14 with respect to changes in capitalization and stock dividends, no adjustment shall be made
for dividends or similar rights for which the record date is before the date such stock certificate is issued. 

(b)
Each notice of exercise shall, unless the shares of Common Stock are covered by a then current registration statement under the Securities
Act, contain the holder s acknowledgment in form and substance satisfactory to the Company that (i) such shares are being purchased
for investment and not for distribution or resale (other than a distribution or resale which, in the opinion of counsel satisfactory
to the Company, may be made without violating the registration provisions of the Securities Act), (ii) the holder has been advised and
understands that (1) the shares have not been registered under the Securities Act and are restricted securities within
the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and are subject to restrictions on transfer and (2) the Company is under no obligation
to register the shares under the Securities Act or to take any action which would make available to the holder any exemption from such
registration, and (iii) such shares may not be transferred without compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.
Notwithstanding the above, should the Company be advised by counsel that issuance of shares should be delayed pending registration under
federal or state securities laws or the receipt of an opinion that an appropriate exemption therefrom is available, the Company may defer
exercise of any Stock Right granted hereunder until such event has occurred. 

16.
 Term, Termination and Amendment . 

(a)
This Plan was adopted by the Board. This Plan may be approved by the Company s shareholders, which approval is required for ISOs. 

(b)
The Board may terminate the Plan at any time. Unless sooner terminated, the Plan shall terminate on June 30, 2031 or 10 years from the
date the Board adopts the Plan. No Stock Rights may be granted under the Plan once the Plan is terminated. Termination of the Plan shall
not impair rights and obligations under any Stock Right granted while the Plan is in effect, except with the written consent of the grantee. 

(c)
The Board at any time, and from time to time, may amend the Plan. Provided , however , except as provided in Section 14 relating
to adjustments in Common Stock, no amendment shall be effective unless approved by the shareholders of the Company to the extent (i)
shareholder approval is necessary to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or (ii) required by the rules of the principal
national securities exchange or trading market upon which the Company s Common Stock trades. Rights under any Stock Rights granted
before amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan, except with the written consent of the grantee. 

(d)
The Board at any time, and from time to time, may amend the terms of any one or more Stock Rights; provided , however , that
the rights under the Stock Right shall not be impaired by any such amendment, except with the written consent of the grantee. 

17.
 Conversion of ISOs into Non-Qualified Options; Termination of ISOs . The Board or Compensation Committee, at the written request
of any optionee, may in its discretion take such actions as may be necessary to convert such optionee s ISOs (or any installments
or portions of installments thereof) that have not been exercised on the date of conversion into Non-Qualified Options at any time prior
to the expiration of such ISOs, regardless of whether the optionee is an employee of the Company or a Related Corporation at the time
of such conversion. Provided , however , the Board or Compensation Committee shall not reprice the Options or extend the
exercise period or reduce the exercise price of the appropriate installments of such Options without the approval of the Company s
shareholders. At the time of such conversion, the Board or Compensation Committee (with the consent of the optionee) may impose such
conditions on the exercise of the resulting Non-Qualified Options as the Board or Compensation Committee in its discretion may determine,
provided that such conditions shall not be inconsistent with this Plan. Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any optionee the
right to have such optionee s ISOs converted into Non-Qualified Options, and no such conversion shall occur until and unless the
Board or Compensation Committee takes appropriate action. The Compensation Committee, with the consent of the optionee, may also terminate
any portion of any ISO that has not been exercised at the time of such termination. 

18.
 Application of Funds . The proceeds received by the Company from the sale of shares pursuant to Options or SARS (if cash settled)
granted under the Plan shall be used for general corporate purposes. 

19.
 Governmental Regulations . The Company s obligation to sell and deliver shares of the Common Stock under this Plan is subject
to the approval of any governmental authority required in connection with the authorization, issuance or sale of such shares. 

20.
 Withholding of Additional Income Taxes . In connection with the granting, exercise or vesting of a Stock Right or the making of
a Disqualifying Disposition the Company, in accordance with Section 3402(a) of the Code, may require the optionee to pay additional withholding
taxes in respect of the amount that is considered compensation includable in such person s gross income. 

To
the extent that the Company is required to withhold taxes for federal income tax purposes as provided above, if any optionee may elect
to satisfy such withholding requirement by (i) paying the amount of the required withholding tax to the Company; (ii) delivering to the
Company shares of its Common Stock (including shares of Restricted Stock) previously owned by the optionee; or (iii) having the Company
retain a portion of the shares covered by an Option exercise. The number of shares to be delivered to or withheld by the Company times
the Fair Market Value of such shares or such other formula as may be approved by the Board or Compensation Committee pursuant to the
Plan shall equal the cash required to be withheld. 

21.
 Notice to the Company of Disqualifying Disposition . Each employee who receives an ISO must agree to notify the Company in writing
immediately after the employee makes a Disqualifying Disposition of any Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an ISO. If
the employee has died before such stock is sold, the holding periods requirements of the Disqualifying Disposition do not apply and no
Disqualifying Disposition can occur thereafter. 

22.
 Continued Employment . The grant of a Stock Right pursuant to the Plan shall not be construed to imply or to constitute evidence
of any agreement, express or implied, on the part of the Company or any Related Corporation to retain the grantee in the employ of the
Company or a Related Corporation, as a member of the Company s Board or in any other capacity, whichever the case may be. 

23.
 Governing Law; Construction . The validity and construction of the Plan and the instruments evidencing Stock Rights shall be governed
by the laws of the Company s state of incorporation. In construing this Plan, the singular shall include the plural and the masculine
gender shall include the feminine and neuter, unless the context otherwise requires. 

24.
(a) Forfeiture of Stock Rights Granted to Employees or Consultants . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, and unless
otherwise provided for in a Stock Rights Agreement, all vested or unvested Stock Rights granted to employees or consultants shall be
immediately forfeited at the discretion of the Board if any of the following events occur: 

(1)
Termination of the relationship with the grantee for cause including, but not limited to, fraud, theft, dishonesty and violation of Company
policy; 

(2)
Purchasing or selling securities of the Company in violation of the Company s insider trading guidelines then in effect; 

(3)
Breaching any duty of confidentiality including that required by the Company s insider trading guidelines then in effect; 

(4)
Competing with the Company; 

(5)
Being unavailable for consultation after leaving the Company s employment if such availability is a condition of any agreement
between the Company and the grantee; 

(6)
Recruitment of Company personnel after termination of employment, whether such termination is voluntary or for cause; 

(7)
Failure to assign any invention or technology to the Company if such assignment is a condition of employment or any other agreements
between the Company and the grantee; or 

(8)
A finding by the Board that the grantee has acted disloyally and/or against the interests of the Company. 

(b)
 Forfeiture of Stock Rights Granted to Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, and unless otherwise provided
for in a Stock Rights Agreement, all vested or unvested Stock Rights granted to directors shall be immediately forfeited at the discretion
of the Board if any of the following events occur: 

(1)
Purchasing or selling securities of the Company in violation of the Company s insider trading guidelines then in effect; 

(2)
Breaching any duty of confidentiality including that required by the Company s insider trading guidelines then in effect; 

(3)
Competing with the Company; 

(4)
Recruitment of Company personnel after ceasing to be a director; 

 or 

(5)
A finding by the Board that the grantee has acted disloyally and/or against the interests of the Company. 

The
Company may impose other forfeiture restrictions which are more or less restrictive and require a return of profits from the sale of
Common Stock as part of said forfeiture provisions if such forfeiture provisions and/or return of provisions are contained in a Stock
Rights Agreement. 

(c)
 Profits on the Sale of Certain Shares; Redemption . If any of the events specified in Section 24(a) or (b) of the Plan occur within
one year from the date the grantee last performed services for the Company in the capacity for which the Stock Rights were granted (the
 Termination Date (or such longer period required by any written agreement), all profits earned from the sale of the Company s
securities, including the sale of shares of Common Stock underlying the Stock Rights, during the two-year period commencing one year
prior to the Termination Date shall be forfeited and immediately paid by the grantee to the Company. Further, in such event, the Company
may at its option redeem shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Right by payment of the exercise price to the grantee.
To the extent that another written agreement with the Company extends the events in Section 24(a) or (b) beyond one year following the
Termination Date, the two-year period shall be extended by an equal number of days. The Company s rights under this Section 24(c)
do not lapse one year form the Termination Date but are contract rights subject to any appropriate statutory limitation period. 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation in this Annual report on Form 10-K of our report dated March 29, 2023, relating to the consolidated
financial statements of Panacea Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. as of December 31, 2021 and to all references to our firm included in this
Annual Report. 

Certified
Public Accountants 

 Lakewood,
CO 

 March
30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Leslie Buttorff, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Panacea Life Sciences Holdings, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report. 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Leslie Buttorff 

Leslie
 Buttorff 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Panacea Life Sciences Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Leslie
Buttorff, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Leslie Buttorff 

Leslie
 Buttorff 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 plsh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 plsh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 plsh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 plsh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

