<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1856589_0001213900-23-025611.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5414616</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>505628</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1060454</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1152810</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1351676</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1208863</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025611.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331170741
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025611
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			M3-Brigade Acquisition III Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001856589
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				863185502
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40946
		FILM NUMBER:		23789038

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		19TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 202-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		19TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025611.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_m3brigade3.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable public warrant MBSC.U New York Stock Exchange Public warrants, each whole public warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share MBSC WS New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. YES . NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by the
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officer during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 249.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

The Registrant s Units began trading on the New York Stock Exchange
on October 22, 2021 and the Registrant s shares of Class A common stock and public warrants began separate trading on the New York
Stock Exchange on December 13, 2021. The aggregate market value of the Registrant s shares of Class A common stock outstanding,
other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, at June 30, 2022, was . 

As of March 31, 2023, there were shares of Class A common
stock, 0.0001 par value, and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 ii 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 48 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 

PART II 
 49 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 49 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 50 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 50 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 56 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 56 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 56 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 57 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 57 

PART III 
 58 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 58 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 72 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 73 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 77 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 78 

SIGNATURES 
 81 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report (the annual report includes, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company may include, forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future
events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause
our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, 
 anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other
similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related
matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this annual report. Factors that might cause
or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. Forward-looking statements in this annual report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination, including our recently announced proposed business combination with Greenfire Resources, Inc., an Alberta corporation Greenfire, and such proposed business combination, the Greenfire Business Combination 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are
based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance
that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks,
uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, those factors described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in
our other filings with the SEC. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may
be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

PART I 

References in this annual report to we, 
 us, company or our company are to M3-Brigade Acquisition III Corp., a Delaware corporation.
References to management or our management team are to our officers and directors. References to our sponsor 
is to M3-Brigade Sponsor III LP, a Delaware limited partnership. References to our initial stockholders are to the holders
of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering. 

Item 1. Business. 

Introduction 

We were incorporated on March 25, 2021 as a Delaware
corporation and were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this annual report as our initial business
combination. We have reviewed a number of opportunities to enter into a business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the
Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. 

We were formed as an independent company by executives
of M3 Partners and Brigade. M3 Partners is a leading financial advisory firm which provides advisory services to companies at inflection
points in their growth trajectories. Brigade is a leading global investment advisor that was founded in 2006 to specialize in credit-focused
investment strategies and has approximately 30 billion in assets under management. M3 Partners and Brigade have agreed to provide support
to us in our pursuit of a successful initial business combination. The team at M3 Partners has successfully completed hundreds of engagements
in which it has assisted stockholders, creditors and companies in maximizing the value of businesses and assets held by them. Brigade
brings a track record of over 14 years of deep fundamental credit research driven by a disciplined investment process which has been proven
over numerous market cycles. 

On December 14, 2022, we entered into a Business
Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement, 
and the transactions contemplated thereby, collectively, the Greenfire Business Combination ), with Greenfire, and certain
other parties. Greenfire and its affiliates collectively are a Calgary-based energy company focused on the sustainable production
and development of thermal energy resources from the Athabasca region of Alberta, Canada. Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements with certain investors, pursuant to which they have subscribed for an aggregate
of (i) 4,950,496 shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 50,000,000 and (ii) 50,000,000
aggregate principal amount of 9.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 of Greenfire Resources Ltd., an Alberta corporation GRL ).
The financing to be provided by such investors will be consummated prior to or substantially concurrently with the consummation of the
proposed Greenfire Business Combination and will be automatically reduced based on the amount remaining in the trust account on the closing
date of the proposed Greenfire Business Combination after giving effect to any redemptions by holders of our Class A common stock. The
consummation of the proposed Greenfire Business Combination is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Business Combination
Agreement. Also on December 14, 2022, the parties to the forward purchase agreement entered into at the time of our initial public offering
agreed to terminate such forward purchase agreement effective as of, and conditioned upon, consummation of the proposed Greenfire Business
Combination. 

We
are led by the team that organized M III Acquisition Corp. (the Initial SPAC ), M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. (the Second
SPAC and Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corporation (the Euro SPAC ). Members of our team managed the Initial SPAC
through an initial business combination in March 2018 to create Infrastructure and Energy Alternatives, Inc. IEA (NASDAQ:IEA).
IEA is a leading engineering, procurement and construction company which specializes in renewable energy infrastructure and was acquired
by MasTec, Inc. (NYSE:MTZ) on October 7, 2022. The Second SPAC completed its initial public offering on March 8, 2021 and, having obtained
an extension to its required liquidation date from its shareholders. It is anticipated that the Second SPAC will liquidate on or prior
to December 8, 2023 in accordance with the terms of its certificate of incorporation,
unless it has successfully consummated an initial business combination by that date. The Euro SPAC completed its initial public offering
on December 10, 2021 and also is currently seeking an appropriate partner for its initial business combination. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we had until October 26, 2022 to consummate our initial business combination unless we exercised our option to extend the
time to complete our initial business combination up to four times by an additional 3 months (for a total of up to 24 months) or until
such other date as may be established by an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) to complete our initial
business combination (the period from the closing of the IPO until October 26, 2022, or such later date as described herein, the completion
window ). Our option to extend the completion window beyond October 26, 2022 is subject to the deposit of additional funds into
the trust account on or prior to each extension date. We have exercised this extension option twice (on October 26, 2022 and on January
26, 2023) by giving the required notices and depositing or causing to be deposited 1,696,500 into the trust account on each such extension
date. Our sponsor has informed us that it intends to request additional extensions of the period of time we have to consummate our initial
business combination, to the extent necessary to consummate the Greenfire Business Combination. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation permits a total of four three-month extensions (i.e., until October 26, 2023), of which two have been effected. 

1 

Our executive offices are located at 1700 Broadway,
19th Floor, New York, NY 10019 and our telephone number is (212) 202-2200. Our corporate website address is www.m3-brigade.com. Our website
and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is
not considered part of, this annual report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our
securities. 

Company History 

On October 26, 2021, we completed our IPO of 30,000,000
units at a price of 10.00 per unit (the units ), generating gross proceeds of 300,000,000. Each unit consists of one of
the Company s shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one public warrant. Each whole public
warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

Simultaneously with the completion of the IPO,
our sponsor and the Underwriter purchased an aggregate of 5,786,667 and 1,740,000 warrants (the private placement warrants ),
respectively, at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 11,290,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 303,000,000 from the proceeds of the
IPO and 3,000,000 from the proceeds of the private placement warrants was placed in a trust account (the trust account such that the trust account held 303,000,000 (or 10.10 per share) at the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

In connection with the consummation of the IPO, we entered into a forward
purchase agreement with M3-Brigade III FPA LP, a Delaware limited partnership that is an affiliate of our sponsor (the Forward
Purchase Affiliate), which provided for the purchase of up to 40,000,000 of shares of Class A common stock (the Forward Purchase
Shares ), subject to adjustment, for a purchase price of 10.00 per share, in a private placement to occur in connection with the
closing of the initial Business Combination. On December 14, 2022, the parties to the Forward Purchase Agreement agreed to terminate the
Forward Purchase Agreement effective as of, and conditioned upon, consummation of the Greenfire Business Combination (the FPA Termination ). 

On December 10, 2021, we announced that, commencing
December 13, 2021, holders of the 30,000,000 units sold in the IPO may elect to separately trade the shares of Class A common stock and
the warrants included in the units. Those units not separated continued to trade on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol MBSC.U and the shares of Class A common stock and warrants that were separated trade under the symbols
 MBSC and MBSC WS, respectively. 

Initial Business Combination 

The NYSE rules provide that our initial business combination must be
with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less
any deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with
our initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or
businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority FINRA ), or a qualified independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests
or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction
company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the
target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses
that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more
than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

2 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm
that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Members of our management team own common stock and warrants, and,
accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which
to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect
to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target
business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination (as is the case with respect to most of our
officers and all of our directors in connection with the Greenfire Business Combination). 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity, including to the Second SPAC,
pursuant to which such officer or director is required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any
of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has
current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business
combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our executive officers will materially affect our ability to complete our initial
business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. 

Greenfire Business Combination 

On December 14, 2022, we entered into a Business
Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement, 
and the transactions contemplated thereby, collectively, the Business Combination ), with GRL, DE Greenfire Merger Sub Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of GRL DE Merger Sub ), 2476276 Alberta ULC, an Alberta corporation
and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of GRL Canadian Merger Sub and, together with GRL and DE Merger Sub, each an Acquisition
Entity and, together, the Acquisition Entities ), and Greenfire, pursuant to which, among other things and subject
to the terms and conditions contained in the Business Combination Agreement and the plan of arrangement attached as Exhibit F thereto
(the Plan of Arrangement ), (i) Canadian Merger Sub will amalgamate with and into Greenfire pursuant to an amalgamation to
form Amalco (the Amalgamation ), except that the legal existence of Greenfire will not cease and Greenfire
will survive the Amalgamation, and Amalco will become a wholly owned subsidiary of GRL and (ii) DE Merger Sub will merge with and into
MBSC (the Merger ), with MBSC continuing as the surviving corporation following the Merger New MBSC ), as a
result of which New MBSC will become a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of GRL. 

At the effective time of the Merger, by virtue of the Merger, (a) each
share of our Class A common stock, other than shares of our Class A common stock held in treasury
or owned by Greenfire or any other wholly owned subsidiary of Greenfire or MBSC immediately prior to the Merger Excluded Shares and after giving effect to the right of the holders of our Class A common stock to redeem
all or a portion of their Class A common stock as set forth in our governing documents (the MBSC Stockholder Redemption and the amount of the PIPE Investment (as defined below) consisting of subscriptions for our Class A common stock, if any, pursuant
to the Subscription Agreements (as defined below), will be automatically converted into and exchanged for the right to receive (i) if
an amount in cash less than or equal to 100,000,000 is remaining in the trust account after giving effect to the MBSC Stockholder Redemption,
one common share of GRL and (ii) if an amount in cash greater than 100,000,000 is remaining in the trust account after giving effect
to the MBSC Stockholder Redemption, (A) a fraction of one common share of GRL equal to 100,000,000 divided by the amount
in the trust account after giving effect to the MBSC Stockholder Redemption, and (B) an amount in cash equal to the quotient of (I) the
amount in the trust account after giving effect to the MBSC Stockholder Redemption that exceeds 100,000,000 minus the
aggregate amounts deposited by our sponsor, or its affiliates or designees, to the trust account to extend the period of time we have
to consummate an initial business combination pursuant to our charter (collectively, the MBSC Extension Amount as of the
effective time of the Merger divided by (II) the amount of shares of our Class A common stock (other than any Excluded Shares
and after giving effect to the MBSC Stockholder Redemption and the amount of the PIPE Investment consisting of subscriptions for our Class
A common stock, if any, pursuant to the Subscription Agreements) and (b) each issued and outstanding share of our Class B common
stock (other than any Excluded Shares and after giving effect to certain forfeitures by our sponsor of our Class B common stock) will
be automatically converted into and exchanged for the right to receive (i) one common share of GRL and (ii) an amount in cash equal
to the quotient of (A) our unrestricted cash on the balance sheet at the closing of the Greenfire Business Combination (the Closing plus the MBSC Extension Amount at the effective time of the Merger divided by (B) our Class B common stock
outstanding at the Closing. 

3 

On December 14, 2022, concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain investors (the
 Transaction Financing Investors ), pursuant to which the Transaction Financing Investors have subscribed for an aggregate
of (i) 4,950,496 shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 50,000,000 (the PIPE Investment and (ii) 50,000,000 aggregate principal amount of GRL s 9.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the GRL Debt Financing 
and, together with the PIPE Investment, the Transaction Financing ). The Transaction Financing will be consummated prior
to or substantially concurrently with the Closing. Each of the PIPE Investment and the GRL Debt Financing will be automatically reduced
based on the amount remaining in the trust account after giving effect to the MBSC Stockholder Redemption, with the GRL Debt Financing
being reduced first, and, if reduced in its entirety, the PIPE Investment being thereafter reduced. 

The consummation of the proposed Greenfire Business
Combination is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Greenfire Business Combination Agreement. 

Corporate Information 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from
various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Initial Public Offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.0 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Financial Position 

With funds available in trust for a business combination in the amount
of 306,523,972 as of December 31, 2022, assuming no redemptions, no distributions of amounts held in trust, and before payment of up
to 14,280,000 of deferred underwriting fees, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its
owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its
debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination
of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid
to the target business to fit its needs and desires. 

In
connection with the proposed Greenfire Business Combination, we have entered into subscription agreements with certain investors, pursuant
to which they have subscribed for an aggregate of (i) 4,950,496 shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of
approximately 50,000,000 and (ii) 50,000,000 aggregate principal
amount of GRL s 9.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028. The financing to be provided by such investors will be consummated prior
to or substantially concurrently with the consummation of the proposed Greenfire Business Combination and will be automatically reduced
based on the amount remaining in the trust account on the closing date of the proposed Greenfire Business Combination after giving effect
to any redemptions by holders of our Class A common stock. Also on December 14, 2022, the parties to the forward purchase agreement entered
into a the time of our initial public offering agreed to terminate such forward purchase agreement effective as of, and conditioned upon,
consummation of the proposed Greenfire Business Combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. 

4 

Unlike other entities that have the resources
to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources
to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination
with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the
necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team,
if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will
remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is highly unlikely that any of them will devote
their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management
team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following our initial business combination, we
may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will
have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

Redemption rights for public stockholders upon
completion of our initial business combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial
business combination, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject
to the limitations described herein. At completion of the business combination, we will be required to purchase any public shares properly
delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account as of the closing of the IPO was 10.10 per public share.
The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
fees we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption right will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption
right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares
and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (the letter agreement ). 

Manner of conducting redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
either: (1) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination; or (2) by means of a tender offer. The
decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by
us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of
the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions
and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and
any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation would typically require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in
a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed
business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions pursuant to a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required
by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the
SEC for business or other reasons. 

5 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common
stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange
Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will
not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender
offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based
on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred
underwriting fees, to be less than the minimum amount required such that our Class A common stock will not become a penny stock 
as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained
in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase,
we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other
reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

We expect that a final proxy statement would be
mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be
made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and
procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any stockholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our NYSE listing
or Exchange Act registration. 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business
combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock
of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote
at such meeting. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors will count towards this quorum and have agreed to vote any founder shares
and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds and agreements, may
make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares
without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

6 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting
fees, to be less than the minimum amount required such that our Class A common stock will not become a penny stock as such
term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset
test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination
may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital
or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed
business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock
that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business
combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and
all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on redemption upon completion of our
initial business combination if we seek stockholder approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any
affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 
of the shares sold in the IPO, without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. We believe this restriction
will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to
exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our affiliates to purchase their shares
at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding
more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares
are not purchased by us or our sponsor or our affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms.
By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability
of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly
in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares)
for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering stock certificates in connection with
a tender offer or redemption rights 

We may require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders,
or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At
Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination at the holder s option. The tender offer or
proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that
any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares.
Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer
period, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender
its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be
not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a stockholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders
at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders
well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation.
Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced
tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/
Withdrawal At Custodian) System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker
whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require
holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption
rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

7 

The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check
companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply
vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her
redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to
deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion
of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose
above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to
the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder
meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder
delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s
election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in
our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election
of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply
request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed
to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is
not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until the end of the completion window. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if
no Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we were to have until October 26, 2022 to consummate our initial business combination unless we exercised our option to
extend the time to complete our initial business combination up to four times by an additional 3 months (for a total of up to 24 months)
if additional funds are deposited into the trust account or until such other date as may be established by an amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation) to complete our initial business combination (the period from the closing of the IPO until
October 26, 2022, or such later date as described herein, the completion window ). We have exercised this extension option
twice (on October 26, 2022 and on January 26, 2023) by giving the required notices and depositing or causing to be deposited 1,696,500
into the trust account prior to or on each such extension date. Our sponsor has informed us that it intends to request additional extensions
of the period of time we have to consummate our initial business combination, to the extent necessary to complete the Greenfire Business
Combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation permits a total of four three-month extensions (i.e., until October
26, 2023), of which two have been effected. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination prior to the end of the completion
window, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (3) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. 

Our initial stockholders, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion
window. However, if our sponsor or any of our officers and directors acquires public shares after the IPO, it will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the completion window. 

8 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written
agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to
redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, unless we provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per
share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted
withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting fees, to be less than the minimum amount required such
that our Class A common stock will not become a penny stock as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. 

Although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for
such purpose, we expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors,
will be funded from amounts remaining held outside the trust account and from the permitted withdrawal from the trust account of up to
 100,000 of accrued interest in the trust account. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into
account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments or expenses for the dissolution of the trust, the per share
redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be 10.10. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however,
become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure
you that the actual per share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.10. Please see Risk
Factors If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption
amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors included herein. Under Section 281(b)
of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made
in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our
remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient
to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we
do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account
for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such
agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third
party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management
believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible
instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose
particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree
to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the
trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent
registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.10 per public share or (2) the
actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.10 per
share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals, except as to any claims by a third
party that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and
believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those
obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be
able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available
for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.10 per public share. In such event, we may not
be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption
of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors
and prospective target businesses. 

9 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below: (1) 10.10 per public share; or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of
the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net
of permitted withdrawals, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment may choose not to do so in certain instances. For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent
directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not
likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per share redemption price will not
be substantially less than 10.10 per share. Please see Risk Factors If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share 
and other risk factors included herein. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of
the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, we had access to 497,693
outside the trust account with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation,
currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that
the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims
made by creditors. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination within the completion window may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation
complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims
against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period
during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions
are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the
third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust
account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business
combination within the completion window, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution
is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six
years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per
share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted
withdrawals and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under
Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem
our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the expiry of our completion window and, therefore, we do not intend to comply
with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by
them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

10 

Because we will not be complying with Section
280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent ten years. However, because
we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target
businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective
target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors,
service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the
trust account. 

As a result of this obligation, the claims that
could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the
trust account is remote. 

Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the
extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below: (1) 10.10 per public share; or (2) the actual
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.10 per share
due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals and will not be liable as to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.10 per share to our
public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is
not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors
and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for
these reasons. Please see Risk Factors If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders,
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may
seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our
creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within the completion window or if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination.
In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with our initial business combination
alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such
stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

11 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain
requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If
we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or with respect to any other material provisions
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock or pre-initial business combination business activity, we will provide public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our initial stockholders, officers and
directors have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides,
among other things, that: 

prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either: (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for, against, or abstain from voting on, the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals); or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of the minimum amount required such that our Class A common stock will not become a penny stock as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination at a duly held stockholders meeting; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated within the completion window, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote on any initial business combination. 

These provisions cannot be amended without the
approval of holders of 65 of our common stock. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless otherwise required by applicable law or stock exchange rules,
we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by a majority of the shares of common stock voted by our stockholders
at a duly held stockholders meeting. 

Certain Potential Conflicts of Interest Relating
to M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp., Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. and the Company and Our Officers and Directors 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company
prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest
in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become
involved. In particular, our officers and directors have formed and are actively engaged in each of M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp., a
special purpose acquisition corporation that completed its initial public offering in March 2021 and Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.,
a special purpose acquisition corporation that completed its initial public offering in December 2021. Each of M3-Brigade Acquisition
II Corp. and Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp., like us, may pursue initial business combination targets in any businesses or industries.
In addition, one of our directors is actively engaged with Osiris Acquisition Corp., which also may purse initial business combination
targets in any business or industry. M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. has until December 8, 2023 to
complete its initial business combination and Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. has until June 14, 2023 to do so (absent an extension
in accordance with its charter) and Osiris Acquisition Corp. has until May 12, 2023 to do so. Any such companies, including M3-Brigade
Acquisition II Corp., Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. and Osiris Acquisition Corp., may present additional conflicts of interest
in pursuing an acquisition target. 

12 

In addition, affiliates of our sponsor, officers
and directors may own equity interests in our initial business combination target and may have the right to vote in favor of the proposed
business combination without owing any fiduciary obligation to our public stockholders with respect to their shares of our Class A common
stock. Such a conflict may make it more likely that the Company would enter into an initial business combination with a target in which
such affiliates have a pre-existing interest and could result in the Company consummating an initial business combination that is less
advantageous to our public stockholders than would otherwise be the case. 

The potential conflicts described above may limit
our ability to enter into a business combination or other transactions. These circumstances could give rise to numerous situations where
interests may conflict. There can be no assurance that these or other conflicts of interest with the potential for adverse effects on
the Company and investors will not arise. 

Limitations on Our Access to Investment Opportunities 

M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. and Brigade-M3
European Acquisition Corp. may compete with us for acquisition opportunities that we may target for our initial business combination.
If our management team, which includes management involved in M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. and Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.,
may decide to pursue any such opportunity or determines in its sole discretion not to offer such opportunity to us, we may be precluded
from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within the group of such involved persons who may make decisions
for us may be suitable for both us and for M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. or Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. may be directed to
M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp., Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. or other third parties rather than to us. Such involved management
team members do not have any fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to our company, including, without limitation, to present
us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. 

Our management team, in their other endeavors
(including any affiliation they may have with M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. and Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.), may choose or
be required to present potential business combinations or other transactions to M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. or Brigade-M3 European
Acquisition Corp. or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. Please see Risk Factors Certain of our
officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar
to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity or other transaction should be presented. 

Sponsor Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered
or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the
amount of funds in the trust account to below: (1) 10.10 per public share; or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case, net of permitted withdrawals, except as to any claims by a third party that executed a waiver of any and all rights
to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not any such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor
to reserve for such obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. We believe
the likelihood of our sponsor having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective
target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to monies held in the trust account. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
1700 Broadway, 19th Floor, New York, NY 10019. The cost for our use of this space is paid by our sponsor, which also provides us with
utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Human Capital 

We currently have six executive officers, consisting
of Mohsin Y. Meghji, Matthew Perkal, Chris Chaice, William Gallagher, Charles Garner and Christopher Good. Members of our management team
are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. 

13 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are
registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current
reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains such reports, proxy and information statements
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act,
our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP or international financial reporting standards as promulgated
by the international accounting standards board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements
may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ).
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable
to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete
our initial business combination within the completion window. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by
us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential
target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that
these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential
business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a
large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer an emerging growth company will we be required to have our internal control
procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their
internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes- Oxley Act may
increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following October 26, 2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of
at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock
that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the
date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to
 emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation,
arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and
we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date hereof. 

14 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this
annual report, the prospectus associated with our IPO and the registration statement of which such prospectus forms a part before making
a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results
may be materially adversely affected and additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not
material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event,
the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
These risks include, but are not limited to: 

We are a newly formed company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination or otherwise have insufficient working capital to finance our continuing operations, in which case we would be forced to liquidate. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

15 

The ability of our stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent novel coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak. 

Our search for a business combination, our ability to finance such business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be material adversely affected by the recent outbreak of hostilities between The Russian Federation and Ukraine and the sanctions and other steps taken by governmental authorities around the world in reaction to those hostilities. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 

If a public stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

We expect to incur significant transaction
costs in connection with the Greenfire Business Combination. 

The consummation of the Greenfire Business Combination is subject to a number of conditions and if those conditions are not satisfied or waived, the business combination agreement with respect thereto may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the Greenfire Business Combination may not be completed. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

16 

Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or
Inability to Consummate, an Initial Business Combination 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an
opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve
our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable state law or the
rules of the NYSE or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the NYSE rules currently allow
us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking
to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were
structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek stockholder approval
of such business combination. However, except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed
business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock do not approve of the business combination we consummate. 

In evaluating a prospective target business for
our initial business combination, our management will rely on the availability of all of the funds from the sale of the forward purchase
shares to be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, unless otherwise agreed (including
in connection with the FPA Termination). If the sale of the forward purchase shares, which is subject to certain closing conditions, does
not close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination. 

In connection with the Initial Public Offering,
we entered into a forward purchase agreement with an affiliate of our sponsor, which provides for the purchase of up to 40,000,000 shares
of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment, for a purchase price of 10.00 per share, in a private placement to occur in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination. The amount of forward purchase shares purchased by our forward purchase affiliate
under the forward purchase agreement may be increased at our request at any time prior to our initial business combination, but only if
agreed to by our forward purchase affiliate in its sole discretion. There can be no assurances that our forward purchase affiliate will
agree to any increase in the number of forward purchase shares that we may request and we should not assume that any funds to be provided
thereby will be available. The proceeds from the sale of forward purchase shares may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers
in our initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction
company. However, if we are not able to enter into the forward purchase agreement or the sale of the forward purchase shares, which is
subject to certain closing conditions, does not close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination. The
obligations under the forward purchase agreement does not depend on whether any public stockholders elect to redeem their shares in connection
with our initial business combination. 

The forward purchase agreement also contains customary
closing conditions, the fulfillment of which is a condition for our forward purchase affiliate to purchase the forward purchase shares
and the satisfaction of which shall be reasonably determined by the forward purchase affiliate in good faith, including that our initial
business combination must be consummated substantially concurrently with, and immediately following, the purchase of forward purchase
shares. In the event of any such failure to fund, any obligation is so terminated or any such condition is not satisfied and not waived,
we may not be able to obtain additional funds to account for such shortfall on terms favorable to us or at all. Any such shortfall would
also reduce the amount of funds that we have available for working capital of the post-business combination company. The closing conditions
include: (i) our initial business combination being consummated substantially concurrently with, and immediately following, the purchase
of the forward purchase shares; (ii) the forward purchase affiliate having capital commitments not subject to opt-out rights, subject
to additional conditions in the forward purchase agreement; (iii) the ratio of enterprise value to the projected full fiscal year adjusted
EBITDA (as defined below) of the target for the first fiscal year following entry into the definitive agreement related to the
initial business combination is less than or equal to 15.00:1.00; (iv) our delivery to the forward purchase affiliate of a certificate
evidencing our good standing as a Delaware corporation within five business days of the consummation of our initial business combination;
(v) all representations and warranties made by us in the forward purchase agreement being true and correct in all material respects; (vi)
our performing, satisfying and complying in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by the forward
purchase agreement; (vii) no order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination, or award having been entered or threatened by or
with any governmental, regulatory, or administrative authority or any court, tribunal, or judicial, or arbitral body, and no other legal
restraint or prohibition shall be in effect or threatened, preventing the purchase by the forward purchase affiliate of the forward purchase
shares; (viii) our having consummated a private investment in public equity (a PIPE for the purchase of our shares of Class
A common stock at a price of 10.00 per share or convertible PIPE securities, pursuant to which we shall have received net cash proceeds
from third-party investors who are not affiliates of us or our sponsor in an aggregate amount of at least three times the total forward
purchase of 40,000,000, or 120,000,000 (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if such third-party investment is made in the form of convertible
PIPE securities, the forward purchase affiliate shall be entitled to elect to purchase such convertible PIPE securities in lieu of its
purchase of the forward purchase shares in accordance with Section 1(a)(i) of the forward purchase agreement); and (ix) our having reimbursed
the forward purchase affiliate for its costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, execution and performance of the
forward purchase agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated therein, including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
fees and expenses of agents, representatives, financial advisors, legal counsel and accountants. 

17 

Additionally, our forward purchase affiliate s
obligations to purchase the forward purchase shares will be subject to termination prior to the closing of the sale of such securities
by mutual written consent of the Company and such party, or automatically if our initial business combination is not consummated within
the completion window or if we become subject to any voluntary or involuntary petition under the United States federal bankruptcy laws
or any state insolvency law, in each case which is not withdrawn within sixty (60) days after being filed, or a receiver, fiscal agent
or similar officer is appointed by a court for business or property of us, in each case which is not removed, withdrawn or terminated
within sixty (60) days after such appointment. On December 14, 2022, the parties to the Forward Purchase Agreement agreed to terminate
the Forward Purchase Agreement effective as of, and conditioned upon, consummation of the Greenfire Business Combination. 

For the purposes of the adjusted EBITDA 
calculation referenced in closing condition (iii) above, adjusted EBITDA refers to, for any period, with respect to the
target, the adjusted EBITDA measure presented to potential investors in the PIPE in connection with our initial business combination,
which shall be reasonable and prepared in good faith at the time such calculations are made. This condition will have the effect of limiting
the number of target enterprises we can consider for our initial business combination. 

In connection with negotiating our initial business
combination, we may seek to raise additional funds pursuant to the PIPE. If we raise additional funds pursuant to the PIPE, we will be
permitted to sell forward purchase shares to the forward purchase affiliate through the forward purchase agreement in an amount equal
to one-third of the size of the PIPE, subject to a maximum of 40,000,000, or such other amount as the forward purchase affiliate and
we shall agree. In determining the size of any PIPE, the amount of forward purchase shares we intend to sell to the forward purchaser,
or any other capital raise in connection with our initial business combination, we will take into account the purchase price of the potential
target, the liquidity needs in connection with the transaction, including any repayment of indebtedness, the amount of fees and expenses
with respect to the above, redemptions of our Class A common stock and market conditions at the time. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our
public stockholders vote. 

Unlike many other blank check companies in which
the initial stockholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public stockholders
in connection with an initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any
public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering, in favor of our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders
own 20.0 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination,
it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial stockholders agreed to
vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash,
unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors
may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval (unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange
listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons), public stockholders may not have
the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity
to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within
the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders
in which we describe our initial business combination. 

18 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem
their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as
a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an
amount that would cause our Class A common stock to become a penny stock as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange
Act or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination.
Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets upon consummation of our initial
business combination to be less than the minimum amount required such that our Class A common stock will not become a penny stock 
as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described
above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business
combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction
with us. 

The ability of our stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our
capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to
structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have
a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or
arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing.
Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize
our capital structure. 

The ability of our stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If our business combination agreement requires
us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful,
you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate
liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro
rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit
of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline,
which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within the completion
window. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not
complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination
with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited
time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive
investigation. 

19 

We may not be able to complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we
would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors
have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination within the completion window. We may not be able to find a suitable
target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination
within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our working capital requirements as well as to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies
evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could
increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial
business combination. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose
acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies
have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for
an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets
may be available to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose
acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets
with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms.
Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or
increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could
increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and
may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

Unlike similar blank check companies, which generally
are only permitted to extend the time period to complete an initial business combination in connection with an amendment to their amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, our sponsor also has the right to extend the term we have to consummate our initial business
combination to up to 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering without providing our stockholders with a corresponding
redemption right. 

We
have until 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to consummate our initial business combination. However, unlike
other similarly structured blank check companies, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination
within 12 months, we may, by resolution of our board of directors if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time we will have
to consummate an initial business combination up to four times by an additional 3 months, subject to our sponsor depositing additional
funds into the trust account. Our stockholders will not be entitled to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension.
Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, in order to extend the period of time to consummate an
initial business combination in such a manner, in connection with each extension, the sponsor must deposit 1,696,500 into the trust
account on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. The deposit of the 1,696,500 may be accelerated at any time following the
closing of the Initial Public Offering and prior to the consummation of our initial business combination with the same effect of extending
the time we will have to consummate an initial business combination by 3, 6, 9 or 12 months, as applicable. This structure is unlike
the structure of similar blank check companies, which generally are only permitted to extend the time period to complete an initial business
combination in connection with an amendment to their amended and restated certificate of incorporation. We have exercised this extension
option twice (on October 26, 2022 and on January 26, 2023) by giving the required notices and depositing or causing to be deposited 1,696,500
into the trust account on each such extension date. Our sponsor has informed us that it intends to request additional extensions of the
period of time we have to consummate our initial business combination, to the extent necessary to consummate the Greenfire Business Combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation permits a total of four three-month extensions (i.e., until October 26, 2023),
of which two have been effected. 

20 

Our search for a business combination, and any
target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the continuing effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

A significant outbreak of a new COVID-19 variant and other infectious
diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the
business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if the occurrence of a virile COVID-19 variant restricts travel, limits
the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable
to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. If the disruptions posed by a new COVID-19 variant or other matters of global
concern continue for an extended period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business
with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

Our search for a business combination, and any
target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent outbreak
of hostilities between the Russian Federation and Ukraine. 

In February 2022, the Russian Federation launched
a military campaign against Ukraine. In response to these actions, the United States, the European Union and other governmental authorities
have imposed a series of sanctions and penalties upon Russia and certain of its political and business leaders. In addition, a number
of companies throughout the world who were not directly restricted by those sanctions have voluntarily elected to cease doing business
with companies affiliated with Russia and it is anticipated that Russia will retaliate with its own restrictions and sanctions. Additional
sanctions and penalties with respect to such military campaign may be imposed in the future which further restrict the ability of companies
throughout the world to do business with Russia. It is expected that these events will have an impact upon, among other things, financial
markets for the foreseeable future. If the disruptions caused by these events continue for an extended period of time, our ability to
search for a business combination or finance such business combination, and the business, operations and financial performance of any
target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or
public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float 
of our Class A common stock or public warrants. 

21 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are
under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record
holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event
that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated
transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be
required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their public shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in
favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or
to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash
at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the
completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making
it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If a public stockholder fails to receive notice
of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender offer rules or
proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these
rules, if a public stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware
of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish
to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be
complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a public stockholder fails to comply with these procedures,
its shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds
from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell
your public shares or public warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
connection with those shares of our Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations
described herein, and (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the
completion window, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we are unable to complete an initial business
combination within the completion window for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution
to our then- existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public
stockholders may be forced to wait beyond the completion window before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances
will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you
may be forced to sell your public shares or public warrants, potentially at a loss. 

22 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, on our
redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, if we are obligated to pay cash for the
shares of Class A common stock redeemed and, in the event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination, we make purchases
of our Class A common stock, this may potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these
obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least
the completion window, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

The funds available to us outside of the trust
account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least twelve months from the date of our financial statements. Of the funds
available to us, we could use a portion to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use
a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep
target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses)
with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into
a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit
such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct
due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available
to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from
our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or our management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our business combination. 

Of
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 497,693 is
currently available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements as of December 31, 2022. We also are
permitted to withdraw accrued interest on the funds in the trust account for working capital purposes. If we are required to seek
additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, our management team or other
third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their
affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds
held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of
such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of
the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust
account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.10 per share on our redemption of our public
shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

23 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business
combination, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could
have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose
some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on
a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present
inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be
forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in
our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known
risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and
would not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market
perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which
we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt
financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully
claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or
if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating
to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the
proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10
per share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may
not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements,
or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited
to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust
account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

24 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage
a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases
where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to
complete our business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our
business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against
us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less
than the 10.10 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be
liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.10
per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except
as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will
not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We
have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such eventuality. We believe the likelihood of our sponsor having to indemnify the trust account
is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification
obligations of our sponsor resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per share or (ii) other than due to the failure to obtain such waiver, such lesser amount per
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose
not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders
may be reduced below 10.10 per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our
creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that
would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced. 

25 

The securities in which we invest the funds held
in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share. 

The proceeds held in the trust account will be
invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S.
government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent
years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal
Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we
are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income,
net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative
interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders
may be less than 10.10 per share. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under
the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which
may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
on the nature of our investments, and 

restrictions
on the issuance of securities, 

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business
combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
as an investment company; 

adoption
of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal
activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in
United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States
Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will
be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory
burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to
comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their
interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business,
investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied,
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

26 

Because we are not limited to a particular industry
or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or
risks of any particular target business s operations. 

Although we have entered into the Greenfire Business
Combination Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby remain subject to a range of conditions which may or
may not ultimately be satisfied. In the event that we are unable to consummate the proposed Greenfire Business Combination, then we intend
to seek an alternative business combination with an operating company which has been temporarily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and
which has a strong sustainability component or opportunity, but are not required to do so and have not limited such operating company
to a particular industry, except that we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate
our business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we are not yet certain of
the identity of the ultimate target business with respect to a business combination, we may not have a basis to evaluate the possible
merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition
or prospects. To the extent we complete our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations
with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales
or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage
entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure
you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence.
Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those
risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more
favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a potential business combination target. Accordingly,
any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares.
Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully
bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained
an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We may seek investment opportunities in industries which
may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

In the event that the proposed Greenfire Business
Combination is not consummated, then we intend to seek to identify alternative business combination candidates which have been temporarily
impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and have a strong sustainability component or opportunity, we are not limited to doing so and may consider
a business combination which lacks such characteristics if we determine that such candidate offers an attractive investment opportunity
for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate which possesses such characteristics after having expended a reasonable
amount of time and effort in an attempt to do so. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular
business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors.
We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the Initial Public
Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. Additionally, our management s
expertise may not be directly applicable to the evaluation or operation of the business combination candidate selected by us, and the
information contained herein regarding the target characteristics for our business combination would not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to acquire. 

27 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not
meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of
our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our
general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for
us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition,
if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal
reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does
not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may
receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may seek investment opportunities with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, including a company
which has recently exited the bankruptcy or restructuring process, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of
the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key
personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not
be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence.
Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those
risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking or accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the
price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our business combination with
an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking or accounting firm that the price
we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the
judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community.
Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial
business combination. 

We may issue additional shares of common or preferred
stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination,
any one of which would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. We may also issue shares of Class A common
stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination
as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would
dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of up to 551,000,000 shares of all classes of capital stock, consisting of two classes as follows: (i) 550,000,000
shares, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, of common stock, with such class comprising two series of (a) 500,000,000 shares designated
the Class A common stock and (b) 50,000,000 shares designated the Class B common stock; and (ii) 1,000,000 shares, each with a par value
of 0.0001 per share, of preferred stock. After the Initial Public Offering, there are 473,900,000 and 42,500,000 authorized but unissued
shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account
shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock or the forward
purchase shares. Our Class B common stock is convertible into Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment
as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to
our initial business combination. After the Initial Public Offering, there are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

28 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion
of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a
ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among
other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the
holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be
amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may
significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering; 

may
subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could
cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability
to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
and 

may
adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or public warrants. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions
that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a
specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable.
Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination
for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred
which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may only be able to complete one business combination
with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent
on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations
and profitability. 

The net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
and the private placement of units provided us with 303,000,000 (before payment of 14,280,000 of deferred underwriting fees) that we
may use to complete our business combination. In addition, in connection with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we entered
into a forward purchase agreement with an affiliate of our sponsor, which provided for the purchase of up to 40,000,000 of shares of
Class A common stock, subject to adjustment, for a purchase price of 10.00 per share, in a private placement to occur in connection with
the closing of the initial Business Combination. The amount of forward purchase shares purchased by our forward purchase affiliate under
the forward purchase agreement may be increased at our request at any time prior to our initial business combination, but only if agreed
to by our forward purchase affiliate in its sole discretion. The forward purchase shares will be issued only in connection with the closing
of the initial business combination. On December 14, 2022, the parties to the Forward Purchase Agreement agreed to terminate the Forward
Purchase Agreement effective as of, and conditioned upon, consummation of the Greenfire Business Combination. The proceeds from the sale
of forward purchase shares may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, expenses in connection
with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. 

29 

We may effectuate our business combination with
a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to
effectuate our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex
accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results
and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business
combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks.
Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike
other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a
single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent
upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular
industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business
combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and give rise to increased
costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business
combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek
to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little public information exists about
private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the
basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if
at all. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control
of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business,
new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure a business combination so that
the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of
a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet
such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to
the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire
a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders
immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction.
In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger
share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not
be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

30 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial
majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our Class A common stock to become a penny stock as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act
or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination.
As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not
agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and
do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately
negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate
cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any
amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash
available to us, and any such condition is not waived, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares
of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business
combination. 

In order to effectuate our initial business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. We cannot
assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that
will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. For example,
blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and changed industry focus.
We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which are lower thresholds than
that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision
in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business
combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these
provisions requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s public stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except
in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by
holders of 65 of our common stock, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust
account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock. In addition, we may extend the time in which we must complete
a business combination with the approval of holders of a majority of our voting stock that is voted at a meeting to consider such extension.
In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our common stock,
subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially
own 20 of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust
agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies,
and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies
against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

31 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors
have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within the completion window, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which
interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in letter
agreements that we have entered into with our sponsor, executive officers and directors. Prior to acquiring any securities from our initial
stockholders, permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement with us agreeing to be bound by the same restriction. Our stockholders
are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against
our sponsor, executive officers, directors or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach,
our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. 

In the event that we do not consummate the Greenfire
Business Combination and must seek an alternative initial business combination, we anticipate that we will find the greatest number of
opportunities for our initial business combination among companies with aggregate enterprise value of approximately 1 billion to 1.5
billion. If we are unable to use our capital stock in sufficient quantity in addition to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering,
the sale of the private placement warrants and the forward purchase securities, the acquisition of a target business with enterprise value
within this range will require that we seek additional financing in excess of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering the sale
of the private placement warrants. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent
that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to
either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share
plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our working capital
requirements as well as franchise and income taxes on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In
addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the
operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued
development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to
us in connection with or after our business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may only receive approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

32 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

The NYSE may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

We have been approved to list our units, Class
A common stock and public warrants on the NYSE. Although we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards
set forth in the NYSE listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the NYSE
in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial
business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum number
of holders of our securities (generally 300 round lot holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we
will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE s
continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, our stock price
would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our aggregate market value would be required to be at least 100,000,000,
and the market value of our publicly-held shares would be required to be at least 80,000,000. We cannot assure you that we will be able
to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If the NYSE delists our securities from trading
on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be
quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a
limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
liquidity for our securities; 

a
determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock
to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our
securities; 

a
limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A common stock and public warrants will
be listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A common stock and public warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted
from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion
of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check
companies, other than the state of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these
powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were
no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which
we offer our securities. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally
afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

As we intend to use the net proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants to complete an initial business combination with a target business that
has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However,
because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the private placement warrants and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact,
we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors
will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. In accordance with SEC penny stock rules, we will calculate net tangible
assets as total assets less intangible assets and liabilities. Our net intangible assets are not less than the minimum amount required
such that our Class A common stock is not a penny stock as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act, as our
total assets primarily consist of the 303,000,000 of proceeds in the trust account and our total liabilities will consist of deferred
underwriting fees and accrued offering costs and other payables. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable
and we will have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the
Initial Public Offering had been subject to Rule 419, that rule would have prohibited the release of any interest earned on funds held
in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an
initial business combination. 

33 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial
Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability
to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares
will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment
in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect
to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, or
DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them
in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares
in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window may be considered a liquidation distribution
under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it
makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought
against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our
public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 12th month (or such later time, as described herein by the Completion Window)
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore, we do not intend
to comply with those procedures. 

Because we will not be complying with Section
280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution.
However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or
prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with
respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot
assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially
be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend
beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders
upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window
is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant
to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution,
instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. 

34 

We do not currently intend to hold an annual meeting
of stockholders until after our consummation of a business combination and you will not be entitled to any of the corporate protections
provided by such a meeting. 

We do not currently intend to hold an annual meeting
of stockholders until after we consummate a business combination (unless required by the NYSE), and thus may not be in compliance with
Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting of stockholders be held for the purposes of electing directors in accordance
with a company s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders
want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of a business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting
an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

Holders of shares of Class A common stock will
not be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination and the consent of sponsor s
required for us to enter into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination. 

Prior to our initial business combination, only
holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled
to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders
of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason and the consent of sponsor s required
for us to enter into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management
of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial
stockholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to the agreement entered into concurrently
with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Initial Public Offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees
can demand that we register the founder shares and holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand
that we register the private placement warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement
warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. Pursuant to the forward purchase agreement, we will use our reasonable
best efforts to file after closing of the initial business combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering
of the forward purchase shares to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and assist with offerings. In addition, the
forward purchase agreement provides for certain piggy-back registration rights to the holders of forward purchase shares
to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. The registration and availability of such a significant number
of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition,
the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because
the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration
to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial
stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or our forward purchase shares, or their respective permitted transferees, are
registered. 

35 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or
otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date
of this annual report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial
debt to complete our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender
a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt
will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety
of negative effects, including: 

default
and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our
inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
and 

limitations
on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of
our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

Our initial stockholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
not support. 

Our initial stockholders own 20.0 of our issued
and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If our initial stockholders
purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control.
Neither our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional
securities, other than as disclosed in this annual report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would
include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were
elected by our sponsor, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class
of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion
of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business
combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the
board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable
influence regarding the outcome. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our
founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert
control at least until the completion of our business combination. 

36 

Unlike most other similarly structured blank check
companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue shares to consummate an initial
business combination. 

The founder shares will automatically convert
into shares of Class A common stock on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination at a ratio
such that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on
an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of the
Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the sum of (a) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable
upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in
relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable
for or convertible into shares of common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private
placement warrants issued to our 

sponsor upon conversion of working capital loans, minus (b) the number
of public shares redeemed by public stockholders in connection with our initial business combination. This is different than most other
similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial stockholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number
of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. 

Our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately
 0.003 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A common
stock. In addition, you may face additional dilution as a result of the conversion of up to 1,500,000 in loans from our sponsor or an
affiliate of our sponsor or our management into warrants. 

The nominal purchase price paid by our sponsor
for the founder shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your public shares upon the consummation of our initial
business combination. 

We offered our units at an offering price of 10.00 per unit and the
amount deposited in our trust account is 10.10 per public share, implying an initial value of 10.10 per public share. However, prior
to the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor paid a nominal aggregate purchase price of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately
 0.003 per share. As a result, the value of your public shares may be significantly diluted upon the consummation of our initial business
combination, when the founder shares are converted into public shares. For example, the following table shows the dilutive effect of the
founder shares on the implied value of the public shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination, assuming that our
equity value at that time is 288,720,000, which is the amount in cash we would have for our initial business combination in the trust
account after giving effect to the payment of 14,280,000 of deferred underwriting fees, assuming that no interest is earned on the funds
held in the trust account and no public shares are redeemed in connection with our initial business combination, and without taking into
account any other potential impacts on our valuation at such time, such as the trading price of our public shares, the business combination
transaction costs, any equity issued or cash paid to the target s equity holders or other third parties, or the target s business
itself, including its assets, liabilities, management and prospects, or the impact of our public and private warrants. 

37 

We may amend the terms of the public warrants
in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. 

Our public warrants have been issued in registered
form under a public warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The public warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct
any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the public warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the public warrants
and the public warrant agreement set forth in this annual report, or to correct any defective provision contained therein, or to provide
for the delivery of an alternative issuance (as defined in the public warrant agreement), but requires the approval by the
holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any other modification or amendment to the terms of the public
warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the
then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent
of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other
things, increase the exercise price of the public warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class
A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a public warrant. 

Our warrant agreements designate the courts of
the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain
types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to
obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreements provide that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreements, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreements do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreements. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreements,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
(a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the
personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such
court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant
holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the 

foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

38 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant
holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage
such lawsuits. Warrant holders who are unable to bring their claims in the judicial forum of their choosing may be required to incur additional
costs in pursuit of actions which are subject to our choice-of-forum provision. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions
of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we
may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and
board of directors. 

We may redeem your unexpired public warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your public warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding public
warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per public warrant, if among other
things, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock has been at least 18.00 per share for any ten (10) trading days within
the twenty (20)-trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is given to the
to the public warrant holders. If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we
are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the issued
and outstanding public warrants could force you (i) to exercise your public warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when
it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your public warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise
wish to hold your public warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding public warrants are
called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

Our management s ability to require holders
of our public warrants to exercise such public warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer Class A common stock upon
their exercise of the public warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their public warrants for cash. 

If we call our public warrants for redemption
after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this annual report have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require
any holder that wishes to exercise its public warrants (including any public warrants held by our sponsor, officers, directors or their
permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their public
warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been
had such holder exercised their public warrants for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of
the holder s investment in us. 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the
market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination. 

We issued public warrants to purchase 10,000,000
shares of our Class A common stock as part of the units offered by the Initial Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, we issued in a private placement transaction an aggregate of 7,526,667 warrants, each exercisable to purchase
one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock.
To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial
number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle
to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock
and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make
it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The private placement warrants are identical to
the warrants sold as part of the units in the Initial Public Offering except that (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including
the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by the sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders
on a cashless basis. 

39 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement
with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer
documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in
accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international
financing reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement
requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements
in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that
we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we
remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek
to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its
internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase
the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These
provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series
of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve
payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Risks Relating to Our Management Team 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and
directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed our business combination. In addition, our executive
officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of
interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring
the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive
officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on
us. 

40 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may
join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our business
combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot
presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions
following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While
we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of
these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated
by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements and take time
away from oversight of our operations. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or
consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them
to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining
whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with the
company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection
with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and
could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence
their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us
after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed
with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion
of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions
with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management
of a prospective target business and, as a result, may consummate our initial business combination with a target business whose management
may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may
be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of
a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that
the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material
omission. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate
may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. 

The departure of a potential business combination
target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an
acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time.
Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition
candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not
wish to remain in place. 

41 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required
to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full- time employees prior
to the completion of our business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which
he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours
per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers 
and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

Certain of our executive officers and directors
are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to
be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented to our company or to another entity. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our executive officers and directors are,
or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. 

Our officers and directors also may become aware
of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or
contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented to our company or to another entity. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business
may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Members of our management team directly or indirectly
own common stock and warrants, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is
an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have
a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers
and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

42 

Certain of our officers and directors are now,
and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted
by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity or other transaction
should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are,
or may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar
business. We do not have employment contracts with our officers and directors that will limit their ability to work at other businesses.
In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank
check company prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have had
conflicts of interest in determining to proceed with the proposed Greenfire Business Combination and, in the event that it is not consummated,
may have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check
company with which they may become involved. In addition, one of our directors is actively engaged with Osiris Acquisition Corp., which
also may purse initial business combination targets in any business or industry. M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. has until December 2023
to complete its initial business combination and Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. has until June 14, 2023 to do so (absent an extension
in accordance with its charter) and Osiris Acquisition Corp. has until May 12, 2023 to do so. Any such companies, including M3-Brigade
Acquisition II Corp., Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. and Osiris Acquisition Corp., may present additional conflicts of interest
in pursuing an acquisition target. Any such companies, including M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. and Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.,
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to
which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present
such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he
or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may
be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we
renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless (i) such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company, (ii) such opportunity is one we are legally and
contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue and (iii) the director or officer is permitted
to refer the opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their
respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in
any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may
enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although
we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

We may engage in a business combination with one
or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our executive officers, directors or existing
holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers
and directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business
combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete
our business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a
business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction
with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business
combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination
with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential
conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public
stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

43 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors
will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

As of the date of this annual report, our sponsor,
executive officers and directors beneficially own an aggregate of 7,500,000 founder shares, for which they paid an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000. In addition, our sponsor and Cantor, the representative of the underwriters, purchased 7,526,667 private placement warrants,
each exercisable to purchase one Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per private placement
warrant in a share of private placement transaction that closed simultaneously with the Initial Public Offering. All of these securities
will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. 

The personal and financial interests of our executive
officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial
business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors
will not be eligible to be reimbursed from the trust account for their out-of-pocket expenses if our business combination is not completed,
a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business
combination. 

At the closing of our initial business combination,
our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf. These financial interests of our sponsor, executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying
and selecting a target business combination and completing an initial business combination. 

Our management team and our sponsor may make a
profit on any initial business combination, even if any public stockholders who did not redeem their shares would experience a loss on
that business combination. As a result, the economic interests of our management team and our sponsor may not fully align with the economic
interests of public stockholders. 

Like most SPACs, our structure may not fully align
the economic interests of our sponsor and those persons, including our officers and directors, who have interests in our sponsor with
the economic interests of our public stockholders. Our sponsor and Cantor, the representative of the underwriters, have invested in us
an aggregate of 11,315,000, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder shares and the 11,290,000 purchase price for the
private placement warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial business combination, the 7,500,000
founder shares would have an aggregate implied value of 75,000,000. Even if the trading price of our Class A common stock was as low
as 1.51 per share, and the private placement warrants were worthless, the value of the founder shares would be equal to the sponsor s
initial investment in us. As a result, so long as we complete an initial business combination, our sponsor is likely to be able to recoup
its investment in us and make a substantial profit on that investment, even if our public shares lose significant value. Accordingly,
our sponsor and members of our management team who own interests in our sponsor may have incentives to pursue and consummate an initial
business combination quickly, with a risky or not well established target business, and/or on transaction terms favorable to the equity
holders of the target business, rather than continue to seek a more favorable business combination transaction that could result in an
improved outcome for our public stockholders or liquidate and return all of the cash in the trust to the public stockholders. For the
foregoing reasons, you should consider our sponsor s and management team s financial incentive to complete an initial business
combination when evaluating whether to invest in the Initial Public Offering and/or redeem your shares prior to or in connection with
an initial business combination. 

44 

Members of our management team and board of directors
have significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies. Certain of those persons
have been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related to those companies or
otherwise. The defense or prosecution of these matters could be time-consuming and could divert our management s attention, and
may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

During the course of their careers, members of
our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees
of other companies. Although we are not currently aware of any pending litigation, as a result of their involvement and positions in these
companies, certain of those persons have been, may be or may in the future become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings,
including relating to the business affairs of such companies, transactions entered into by such companies, or otherwise. Individual members
of our management team and board of directors also may become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings involving claims
or allegations related to or as a result of their previous personal conduct, either in their capacity as a corporate officer or director
or otherwise, and may be personally named in such actions and potentially subject to personal liability as a result of their previous
individual conduct or otherwise. Any such liability may or may not be covered by insurance and/or indemnification, depending on the facts
and circumstances. The defense or prosecution of these matters could be time-consuming. Any litigation, investigations or other proceedings
and the potential outcomes of such actions may divert the attention and resources of our management team and board of directors away from
identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation,
which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign
Countries 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company located in United States of America but with operations or opportunities outside of the United States of America, we would
be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company located in the United States of America but with operations or opportunities outside of the United States of America, we
would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any
of the following: 

costs
and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs
and trade barriers; 

regulations
related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
payment cycles; 

tax
issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
of inflation; 

challenges
in collecting accounts receivable; 

45 

cultural
and language differences; 

employment
regulations; 

crime,
strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration
of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial
condition. 

General Risk Factors 

We are an independent company and neither M3 Partners
nor Brigade owe any duties to investors, or any liability, for matters relating to us. 

We were recently formed as an independent company.
Although certain executives of M3 Partners and Brigade serve as our officers and directors and each of M3 Partners and Brigade have agreed
to provide certain support to us without compensation, we are not controlled by or under common control with either M3 Partners or Brigade.
None of M3 Partners, Brigade or any of their respective affiliates is an affiliate of ours and each disclaims responsibility for our activities.
In the event that one or more stockholders might have claims against us, it is not anticipated that M3 Partners or Brigade would have
any obligations or liability in respect of such claims. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act and, if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies,
this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public
companies. 

We are an emerging growth
company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain
information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause
us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following
December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our
securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading
prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

46 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
designate specific courts as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by the Company s stockholders, which
could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
is the sole and exclusive forum for state law claims for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (2) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders;
(3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation
or bylaws; (4) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or (5)
any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine (the Delaware Forum Provision ). The Delaware Forum
Provision will not apply to any causes of action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation further provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall
be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act (the Federal
Forum Provision ). In addition, our bylaws provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares
of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision; provided,
however, that stockholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder. 

The Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal
Forum Provision in our bylaws may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing any such claims. Additionally, these
forum selection clauses may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes
with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage the filing of lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and
employees, even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. In addition, while the Delaware Supreme Court ruled
in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court
are facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our Federal Forum Provision.
If the Federal Forum Provision is found to be unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters. The
Federal Forum Provision may also impose additional litigation costs on stockholders who assert that the provision is not enforceable
or invalid. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may
be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than to our stockholders. 

Risks Relating to the Greenfire Business Combination 

We have incurred and expect to incur significant,
non-recurring costs in connection with consummating the Greenfire Business Combination. All expenses incurred in connection with the related
business combination agreement and the Greenfire Business Combination, including all legal, accounting, consulting, investment banking
and other fees, expenses and costs, will be for the account of the party incurring such fees, expenses and costs. 

We may not be able to complete the Greenfire
Business Combination within the completion window. Our ability to complete the Greenfire Business Combination may be negatively impacted
by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and other risks described herein. If we have not completed the
Greenfire Business Combination (or another initial business combination) within such time period, we will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem our
outstanding Class A common stock at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the trust account not previously released to us (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses
and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding shares of Class A common stock, which redemption
will completely extinguish our public stockholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of other applicable law. The
holders of our Class A common stock may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of the trust account (or less than
 10.10 per share in certain circumstances where a third party brings a claim against us that our Sponsor is unable to indemnify (as described
below)), and our Warrants will expire without value to the holder. 

47 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within the completion
window. Consequently, if we are unable to complete this initial business combination, a potential target may obtain leverage over us in
negotiating a business combination, knowing that we may be unable to complete a business combination with another target business within
the completion window. This risk will increase as we get closer to the expiry of the completion window. In addition, we may have limited
time to conduct due diligence and may enter into a business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive
investigation. 

The business combination agreement with respect
to the Greenfire Business Combination is subject to a number of conditions which must be fulfilled in order to complete such business
combination. Those conditions include, among other things: (a) approval by the Greenfire shareholders and our stockholders, (b) the listing
of common shares and warrants of the company which is the survivor of the Greenfire Business Combination to be issued in connection with
the closing of the Greenfire Business Combination on the NYSE (or another national securities exchange mutually agreed to by the parties
to such business combination agreement) and (c) the effectiveness of the registration statement/proxy statement with respect thereto.
In addition, we and Greenfire can mutually decide to terminate such business combination agreement at any time prior to the effectiveness
of the business combination contemplated thereby, before or after shareholder approval, or either we or Greenfire may elect to terminate
such business combination agreement in certain other circumstances. 

Risks Relating to the Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have identified a
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal
control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely
affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We have identified a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting related to our (a) control environment which resulted in inadequate oversight over the performance
of controls and our control activities due to a lack of sufficient personnel with an appropriate level of internal controls and accounting
knowledge, training and experience commensurate with our financial reporting requirements, which resulted in additional material weaknesses
in our financial reporting process, specifically related to (b) a failure to properly design and implement controls over (i) the presentation
of earnings per share and cash flow activity; (ii) complex accounting, specifically we failed to analyze the appropriate accounting for
our subscription purchase agreement; and (iii) the review of third party valuations. A material weakness, as defined in the SEC regulations,
is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
and corrected on a timely basis. As a result of these material weaknesses, our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed
necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Management plans to remediate the material weakness
by enhancing our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements and increased communication among our
personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can
only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

If we identify any new
material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement
of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case,
we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable
stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the price of our securities may decline
as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient
to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
1700 Broadway, 19th Floor, New York, NY 10019. The cost for our use of this space is paid by our sponsor, which also provides us with
utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently subject to any material legal
proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their
corporate capacity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

48 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information. 

Our units, Class A common stock and warrants
are traded on the NYSE under the symbols MBSC.U , MBSC and MBSC WS , respectively. 

Holders 

Although there are a larger number of beneficial
owners, at March 31, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our separately traded common stock and
three holders of record of our separately traded warrants. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares
of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial
condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our 

initial business combination will be within the discretion of our
board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. Therefore, performance graphs are not applicable. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

In April 2021, the sponsor purchased an
aggregate 11,500,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On September 7, 2021, the Company effected a reverse
stock split of 0.625 of a share of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in the sponsor
holding 7,187,500 founder shares. On October 21, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of .044 of a share of Class B common
stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in the sponsor holding 7,503,750 founder shares. As the
underwriter s over-allotment was exercised in part as part of the Initial Public Offering, the sponsor forfeited 3,750 founder
shares. The shares of the Class B common stock were issued in connection with the Company s organization pursuant to the
exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On October 26, 2021, the Company consummated the
Initial Public Offering of 30,000,000 units, which included the partial exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option to purchase
up to 3,915,000 additional units. Each unit consists of one share of the Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable public warrant
of the Company, with each whole public warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of the Class A common stock at a price
of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300,000,000
to the Company. Cantor acted as the sole book-running manager for the Initial Public Offering. The securities sold in the Initial Public
Offering were registered under the Securities Act on the Registration Statement. The SEC declared the Registration Statement effective
on October 21, 2021. 

49 

Concurrently with the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an aggregate of 7,526,667 private placement warrants to the sponsor
and Cantor at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 11,290,000.50 to the Company. The private
placement warrants are identical to the warrants included as part of the units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the private
placement warrants (i) are not redeemable by the Company, subject to certain limited exceptions set forth in the Registration Statement,
(ii) may not (including the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants) be transferred, assigned
or sold until thirty (30) days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions set forth
in the Registration Statement, (iii) may be exercised on a cashless basis and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. No underwriting
fees were paid with respect to the private placement of the private placement warrants to the sponsor. The issuance and sale of the private
placement warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, 303,000,000 was placed in the trust account, comprised of 300,000,000
of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering (which amount includes 14,280,000 of the deferred underwriting fees) and 3,000,000
from the 11,290,000 of proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants. The Company paid a total of 5,220,000 in underwriting
fees and paid approximately 623,000 (out of approximately 900,000 total costs incurred) for other costs and expenses related to the
Initial Public Offering. 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related
thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this annual report. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the laws
of the State of Delaware on March 25, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using
cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination
of cash, stock and debt. 

Recent Developments 

Appointment of new members
to Board of Directors 

On November 1, 2022, the Company appointed two
new members to its Board of Directors, each of whom is to be paid a fee of 125,000 for his services. Such fees have been paid in full
in December 2022. 

Business Combination
Agreement 

On December 14, 2022, the Company MBSC entered into a Business Combination Agreement, by and among MBSC, Greenfire Resources Ltd., an Alberta corporation PubCo ),
DE Greenfire Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, 2476276 Alberta ULC, an Alberta corporation
and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, and Greenfire Resources Inc., an Alberta corporation. The following description of the
Business Combination Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Business
Combination Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 2.1 in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20,
2022. Capitalized terms used in Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2022, but not otherwise defined herein have
the meanings given to them in the Business Combination Agreement. 

50 

Conditions to the Closing 

The consummation of the Transactions is subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions, among others (i) the approval of the Transactions and related matters
by the equity holders of MBSC and Greenfire, (ii) the absence of any laws or injunctions prohibiting the Transactions, (iii) the accuracy
(subject to agreed materiality thresholds) of the parties representations and warranties contained in the Business Combination
Agreement, (iv) the absence of any Material Adverse Effect on either MBSC or Greenfire (as defined in the Business Combination
Agreement), (v) approval for listing of the PubCo Common Shares by the New York Stock Exchange, (vi) approval of the Plan of Arrangement
by the Alberta Court of King s Bench, and (vii) the parties compliance in all material respects with their respective covenants
under the Business Combination Agreement. 

Termination 

The Business Combination Agreement may be terminated
at any time prior to the Closing (a) by mutual written consent of MBSC and Greenfire, (b) by either MBSC or Greenfire, if the approval
of the equity holders of MBSC or Greenfire is not obtained, (c) by either MBSC or Greenfire, if the other party has materially breached
its covenants or representations under the Business Combination Agreement, (d) by either MBSC or Greenfire, if the Closing has not occurred
on or before September 14, 2023, subject to either party s ability to extend such date by two three-month periods in the event that
specified approvals have not been obtained, (e) by either MBSC or Greenfire, if there is a final, non-appealable order of a governmental
authority prohibiting the consummation of the Transactions, and (f) by MBSC if Greenfire has not delivered certain specified financial
statements by April 15, 2023. 

Subscription Agreements 

On December 14, 2022, concurrently
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, MBSC entered into subscription agreements with certain investors, pursuant to
which the Transaction Financing Investors have subscribed for an aggregate of (i) 4,950,496 SPAC Class A Shares for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately 50,000,000 and (ii) 50,000,000 aggregate principal amount of PubCo s 9.00 Convertible Senior Notes due
2028. The Transaction Financing will be consummated prior to or substantially concurrently with the Closing. 

Each of the PIPE Investment and the PubCo Debt Financing
will be automatically reduced based on the amount remaining in the trust account after giving effect to the SPAC Stockholder Redemption,
with the PubCo Debt Financing being reduced first, and, if reduced in its entirety, the PIPE Investment being thereafter reduced. 

The foregoing description of the Greenfire Subscription
Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Subscription
Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2022. 

Greenfire Shareholder
Support Agreement 

On December 14, 2022, concurrently with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, MBSC, PubCo, Merger Sub, Canadian Merger Sub and Greenfire entered into a Shareholder Support Agreement
with certain Greenfire shareholders (the Greenfire Shareholder Support Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things,
such Greenfire shareholders have agreed to vote their Greenfire Shares to approve and adopt the Business Combination Agreement and the
Transactions. 

51 

The foregoing description of the Greenfire Shareholder
Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Shareholder
Support Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2022. 

Sponsor Agreement 

On December 14, 2022, concurrently with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, the sponsor, MBSC, PubCo and Greenfire entered into a Sponsor Agreement (the Sponsor Agreement ),
pursuant to which, among other things, the sponsor has agreed to (a) vote in favor of and support the Business Combination Agreement and
the Transactions, (b) consummate the sponsor Class B Share Forfeitures and the sponsor Warrant Forfeiture in accordance with the Business
Combination Agreement and (c) make a cash payment of 1,000,000 to Greenfire promptly following the Closing. 

The foregoing description of the Sponsor Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Sponsor Agreement, a copy of which
is included as Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2022. 

Lock-Up Agreement 

At the Closing, PubCo, the sponsor and certain Greenfire
Shareholders will become parties to a Lock-Up Agreement (the Lock-Up Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things,
each of the sponsor and the Greenfire Shareholders party thereto will agree not to effect any sale or distribution of any Equity Securities
of PubCo held by any of them during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the earliest of (i) the date that is 180 days
after the Closing Date, (ii) the date on which the last reported closing price of a PubCo Common Share equals or exceeds 12.00 per share
(as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any twenty (20) trading days within
any thirty (30)-trading day period commencing at least seventy-five (75) days after the Closing Date and (iii) the date on which PubCo
completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in
all of PubCo s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of capital stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Investor Rights Agreement 

At the Closing, PubCo, the sponsor, the other holders
of SPAC Class B Shares, the Transaction Financing Investors and certain Greenfire Shareholders will become parties to an Investor Rights
Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, (a) each of the sponsor, the Transaction Financing Investors and such Greenfire Shareholders
will be granted certain registration rights with respect to their respective PubCo Common Shares and (b) the sponsor will be granted certain
board representation rights with respect to PubCo s board of directors, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth therein. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, the sponsor will have the right to designate one director for appointment
to the PubCo Board following the Closing, which director will be in the class of directors up for reelection at the third annual shareholder
meeting of PubCo. 

52 

Investor Support Agreements 

Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, MBSC entered into Investor Support Agreements with holders of a majority of MBSC s outstanding public SPAC
Warrants, pursuant to which, among other things, such warrant holders agreed to vote all of the SPAC Warrants currently held by them in
favor of any amendment to the terms of the SPAC Warrants solely to amend the terms of the SPAC Warrants together with any amendments required
to give effect thereto such that all of the SPAC Warrants shall be exchanged for 0.50 per whole SPAC Warrant upon the Closing. 

Supplemental Warrant Agreement 

In accordance with the terms of the Company Warrant
Agreement, as amended by the Supplemental Warrant Agreement: (a) a certain number of Company Bond Warrants shall be deemed to be cancelled
in exchange for a cash payment from Greenfire equal to the pro rata share of the Cash Consideration payable to holders of Company Bond
Warrants as determined in accordance with the Supplemental Warrant Agreement; following which (b) each remaining Company Bond Warrant
shall be deemed to be exercised for Greenfire Shares pursuant to the terms of the Company Warrant Agreement as amended by the Supplemental
Warrant Agreement, and each former holder of Company Bond Warrants shall, following the Amalgamation, receive PubCo Common Shares as determined
in accordance with the Supplemental Warrant Agreement. 

The Business Combination Agreement, the form
of Subscription Agreement, the Greenfire Shareholder Support Agreement, the Sponsor Agreement, the form of Investor Support Agreement
and the Supplemental Warrant Agreement have been included to provide investors with information regarding their terms. They are not intended
to provide any other factual information about MBSC, Greenfire or their respective affiliates. The representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements contained in the Business Combination Agreement, the Subscription Agreements, the Greenfire Shareholder Support Agreement,
the Sponsor Agreement, the Investor Support Agreements and the Supplemental Warrant Agreement and the other documents related thereto
were made only for purposes of the Transactions as of the specific dates therein, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Business
Combination Agreement, the Subscription Agreements, the Greenfire Shareholder Support Agreement, the Sponsor Agreement, the Investor Support
Agreements and the Supplemental Warrant Agreement, as applicable, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties,
including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the
Business Combination Agreement, the Subscription Agreements, the Greenfire Shareholder Support Agreement, the Sponsor Agreement, the Investor
Support Agreements and the Supplemental Warrant Agreement, as applicable, instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject
to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party
beneficiaries under the Business Combination Agreement, the Subscription Agreements, the Greenfire Shareholder Support Agreement, the
Sponsor Agreement, the Investor Support Agreements and the Supplemental Warrant Agreement, as applicable, and should not rely on the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the
parties thereto or any of their respective affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of representations and warranties
may change after the date of the Business Combination Agreement, the Subscription Agreements, the Greenfire Shareholder Support Agreement,
the Sponsor Agreement, the Investor Support Agreements and the Supplemental Warrant Agreement, as applicable, which subsequent information
may or may not be fully reflected in MBSC s public disclosures. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from March 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were the search for a target
company for a Business Combination and activities in connection with the Greenfire Business Combination. We do not expect to generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form
of dividend and interest income on cash and marketable securities held in trust account after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net loss of 868,561, which consists of the operating and formation costs of 2,791,936, change in fair value of forward purchase agreement
liability of 338,517, initial loss on subscription purchase agreement liability of 1,224,602, change in fair value of subscription purchase
agreement liability of 101,013, and income tax provision of 900,665, offset by interest earned on marketable securities held in trust
account of 3,827,114, dividend on cash and marketable securities held in trust account of 100,146, and unrealized gain on marketable
securities held in trust account of 560,912. 

For the period from March 25, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 558,358, which consists of operating and formation costs of 562,058 and income tax provision
of 1,600, offset by unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the trust account of 5,300. 

53 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

On October 26, 2021, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 30,000,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment
option to purchase an additional 3,900,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of 300,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 7,526,667 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant in
a private placement to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 11,290,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, the partial
exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 303,000,000
(including 3,000,000 from the proceeds of the Private Placement Warrants) was placed in the Trust Account and we had an initial amount
of 1,524,547 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs (other than 14,280,000 of deferred underwriting fees)
related to the Initial Public Offering, and available for working capital purposes. We incurred approximately 20,634,000 in transaction
costs, including 5,220,000 of underwriting fees, 14,280,000 of deferred underwriting fees and approximately 1,134,000 of other offering
costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used
in operating activities was 1,684,498. Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 868,561 and was affected by change in fair
value of forward purchase agreement liability of 338,517, initial loss on subscription purchase agreement liability of 1,224,602, change
in fair value of subscription purchase agreement liability of 101,013, and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided
 1,907,957 of cash from operating activities, offset by interest on marketable securities held in trust account of 3,827,114, dividend
on cash and marketable securities held in trust account of 100,146, and unrealized gain on marketable securities held in trust account
of 560,912. 

For the period from March 25, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 986,745. Net loss for the period from March 25, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021 was 558,358, unrealized gain on marketable securities held in trust account of 5,300, and changes in operating assets
and liabilities used 423,087 of cash from operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and marketable
securities held in the trust account of 306,523,972. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including
any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest to pay franchise
and income taxes and for working capital purposes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew 2,666,000 of dividend and interest income from the Trust account for working
capital and to pay taxes. There were no withdrawals made during the year ended December 31, 2021. Of this amount, 1,650,000 was utilized
as payment for the extension fee during the year ended December 31, 2022. To the extent
that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds
held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 497,693
outside of the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses,
perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the sponsor, an affiliate of the sponsor, or our officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to
repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may
be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private
placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors,
if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The loans would be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest. 

An affiliate of the sponsor paid 192,374 of expenses
on behalf of the Company prior to the Initial Public Offering. Such advances were to be repaid by the Company out of funds held outside
the trust account and were repaid on March 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 19,477 and 192,374 outstanding balance
under due to related parties, respectively. 

54 

Our assessment of going concern considerations was
made in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. We have incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing
and acquisition plans. We expect that we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating
our business, pay our existing liabilities and pay for the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence
and negotiating a Business Combination. Additionally, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination
or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which
case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable
securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable
to complete our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and
liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional
financing in order to meet our obligations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
one year from the date of our financial statements are issued. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which
would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee
of 0.45 per Unit issued at our initial public offering and 0.65 per Unit issued upon exercise by the underwriters of their overallotment
option, or 14,280,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be waived by the underwriters in the event that we do not complete a Business
Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting estimates, other than the following. 

Derivative Liabilities 

Forward purchase agreement and subscription purchase
agreement are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 815, Derivatives
and Hedging , and presented as derivative liabilities on the December 31, 2022 and 2021 balance sheets. The derivative liabilities
were measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, which changes in fair values are presented within change in fair value
of derivative liabilities in the statements of operations. In order to capture the market conditions associated with the forward purchase
agreement and subscription purchase agreement derivative liabilities, the Company engaged third-party valuation firm to conduct valuation
on these derivative liabilities using Probability Weighted Expected Return Method PWERM ). PWERM is a multistep process
in which value is estimated on the probability-weighted present value of various future outcomes. Future security value under each scenario
is estimated. Each outcome and related security values are weighted based on the probability of the outcome occurring. The security values
are discounted back to the valuation date using appropriate discount rate. 

55 

The key inputs used for
forward purchase agreement liability were as follow: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Probability of business combination 
 90 
 100 
 
 Underlying common stock price 
 10.14 
 9.87 
 
 Cash flow discount rate 
 3.99 
 0.08 
 
 Unit purchase price 
 10.00 
 10.00 
 
 Estimated maturity date 
 06/20/2023 
 6/14/2022 
 
 Probability of forward purchase agreement being utilized 
 0 
 0 

The key inputs used for subscription purchase
agreement liability were as follow: 

December 14, 2022 (Initial measurement) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Probability of business combination 
 90 
 90 
 
 Underlying common stock price 
 10.10 
 10.14 
 
 Cash flow discount rate 
 4.68 
 3.99 
 
 Unit purchase price 
 10.10 
 10.10 
 
 Estimated maturity date 
 06/20/2023 
 6/20/2023 
 
 Probability of subscription purchase agreement being utilized 
 0 
 0 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Following the consummation of our Initial Public
Offering, the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the trust account, have been invested in U.S. government
treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in US treasuries,
except that funds held by us outside of the trust account are invested in non-interest bearing bank deposits. Due to the short-term nature
of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of this
Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our management carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. They concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of the material weaknesses described below. 

56 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial
Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that: 

(1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of our company, 

(2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our
financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria,
management determined that we have not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 due to
the material weaknesses in our (a) control environment which resulted in inadequate oversight over the performance of controls and
our control activities due to a lack of sufficient personnel with an appropriate level of internal controls and accounting
knowledge, training and experience commensurate with our financial reporting requirements, which resulted in additional material
weaknesses in our financial reporting process, specifically related to (b) a failure to properly design and implement controls over
(i) the presentation of earnings per share and cash flow activity; (ii) complex accounting, specifically we failed to analyze the
appropriate accounting for our subscription purchase agreement; and (iii) the review of third party valuations. A material weakness,
as defined in the SEC regulations, is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis
as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. 

Management plans to remediate the material weakness
by enhancing our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements and increased communication among our
personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can
only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS
Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than the material weaknesses discussed above, there were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred
during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

57 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our current directors and executive officers are
as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Mohsin Y. Meghji 
 
 58 
 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Matthew Perkal 
 
 37 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Chris Chaice 
 
 52 
 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 William Gallagher 
 
 64 
 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 Charles Garner 
 
 60 
 
 Executive Vice President and Secretary 
 
 Christopher Good 
 
 35 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Frederick Arnold 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Alan J. Carr 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Benjamin Fader-Rattner 
 
 41 
 
 Director 
 
 Scott Malpass 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 William Transier 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven Vincent 
 
 66 
 
 Director 

Mohsin Y. Meghji serves as our Executive Chairman
of the Board of Directors and also serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Second SPAC and as a member of the management
team for the Euro SPAC. Mr. Meghji was the principal sponsor of each of the Initial SPAC and the Second SPAC. Mr. Meghji also serves as
the Managing Partner of M3 Partners and is a nationally recognized U.S. turnaround professional with a track record of building value
across a wide range of sectors, including power, energy and industrials. M3 Partners is a merchant banking, investment and restructuring
advisory firm founded by Mr. Meghji which provides operational, strategic and financial advisory solutions to support complex businesses
at inflection points in their growth trajectory. Mr. Meghji has more than 30 years of advisory and management experience in building value
in companies that are facing financial, operational or strategic inflection points and transitions. He has accomplished this through both
operating management and financial advisory roles, often in partnership with some of the world s leading financial institutions,
private equity firms and hedge fund investors. 

Mr. Meghji has led the repositioning of, and driven
value creation at, numerous businesses over the past two decades in an operating management or financial advisory capacity. Mr. Meghji s
most recent corporate management role was at Springleaf Holdings, LLC (NYSE:LEAF) Springleaf ), a subprime consumer finance
company (now known as OneMain Holdings, Inc.; NYSE:OMF), where he served as Executive Vice President and Head of Strategy and as Chief
Executive Officer of its captive insurance companies, Merit Life Insurance Co. and Yosemite Insurance Company. These insurance companies
provided life, property and casualty insurance coverage to Springleaf s customers. Springleaf was created in late-2010 when American
International Group, Inc. sold 80 of its subsidiary, American General Finance Inc., to affiliates of Fortress Investment Group LLC. At
the time of the sale, American General Finance Inc. provided consumer loans, retail financing and mortgages to more than one million families
through more than 1,100 branches located across the United States, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands and the United Kingdom. After multiple
years of operating losses, Springleaf turned profitable in 2013 as a result of the strategic, management and operational improvements
implemented by its new ownership and management team, evidencing a significant turnaround in its performance. Springleaf went public in
October 2013 at a 1.95 billion valuation. As part of its senior management team and Head of Strategy for the company, Mr. Meghji played
a key role in this successful transition. 

In his capacity as a restructuring and financial
advisory professional, Mr. Meghji has periodically served as Chief Restructuring Officer (or in an analogous position) of companies which
elected to utilize bankruptcy proceedings as a part of their financial restructuring process and, as such, he served as an executive officer
of various companies which filed bankruptcy petitions under federal law. 

58 

Mr. Meghji also served as Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of the Initial SPAC, where he led the business combination with IEA, which specializes in renewable energy infrastructure, with
a particular focus on construction of utility-scale wind farms and solar farms in the US, as well as growing market share in heavy civil
contracting. Mr. Meghji, together with our Executive Vice President, Charles Garner, led the sourcing, negotiation and merger of that
company with the Initial SPAC. Mr. Meghji then served as Chairman of the Board from the consummation of such merger in March 2018 through
January 2020. 

Mr. Meghji is a graduate of the Schulich School
of Business, York University, Canada and has taken executive courses at the INSEAD School of Business in France. He has previously qualified
as a U.K. and Canadian Chartered Accountant as well as a U.S. Certified Turnaround Professional. Mr. Meghji is well-qualified to serve
on our board of directors due to his extensive experience in turnaround situations, business, finance and operations. 

Matthew Perkal serves as our Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Perkal also serves as Executive Vice President of the Second SPAC, as a member of the management team for the Euro SPAC and as a Senior
Director, Portfolio Manager Restructuring and Private Credit and Partner at Brigade Capital Management, LP. Mr. Perkal has led
Brigade s industry coverage for various sectors including retail, consumer, gaming and lodging, and has structured and led many
of the firm s successful deals in the private credit space including Barney s and Sears. Mr. Perkal currently serves on Guitar
Center Inc. s board of directors. Prior to joining Brigade, Mr. Perkal worked at Deutsche Bank as an Analyst in the Leveraged Finance
Group. In that capacity, Mr. Perkal also spent time on the Leveraged Debt Capital Markets Desk, selling both bank and bond deals. Mr.
Perkal received a BS in Economics with a concentration in Finance and Accounting from the University of Pennsylvania s Wharton School.
Additionally, Mr. Perkal serves on The One Love Foundation s New York Board. 

Chris Chaice serves as our Executive Vice President,
as well as serving as a member of the management team for the Euro SPAC and as Senior Director, Senior Counsel Restructuring and
Private Credit and Partner at Brigade Capital Management, LP. Since November 2012, Mr. Chaice has advised the Brigade investment team
with respect to structuring investments, restructurings, bond and bank debt covenants, and litigations. Mr. Chaice served as a Senior
Credit Attorney from November 2012 until January 2021. Mr. Chaice has held the title of Senior Attorney, Private Credit and Restructuring
since January 2021. Prior to joining Brigade, from July 2008 to October 2012, Mr. Chaice worked at Covenant Review, a fixed-income research
firm, where he analyzed debt covenants, complex capital structures, and bankruptcy issues. Additionally, from August 2006 to May 2008,
Mr. Chaice worked as an Analyst at Southpaw Asset Management, where he analyzed event-driven investment opportunities relating to bankruptcies,
restructurings, liquidations and litigation. Prior to Southpaw, Mr. Chaice practiced law at Cahill Gordon Reindel from September
1999 to September 2005, and at Willkie Farr Gallagher from September 2005 to August 2006, where he specialized in capital markets
transactions, primarily representing underwriters of high yield bonds and leveraged loans. Mr. Chaice received a BA in Political Science
from Syracuse University and a law degree, cum laude, from New York University School of Law. 

William Gallagher, who serves as our Executive
Vice President, has more than 35 years of experience in finance, investment and credit analysis. Mr. Gallagher also serves as Executive
Vice President for the Second SPAC, as a member of the management team for the Euro SPAC and as Managing Director of M3 Partners. Prior
to joining M3 Partners in October 2018, he served as the Chief Executive Officer at WMIH Corp (NASDAQ:WMIH), a public acquisition corporation
which was the successor to Washington Mutual, Inc., from May 2015 to July 2018. At WMIH, Mr. Gallagher s responsibilities included
reviewing, vetting and analyzing a large number of potential target companies from a variety of different sectors and industry groups.
Ultimately, WMIH acquired Nationstar Mortgage Holdings (NYSE symbol NSM) to form Mr. Cooper Group (NASDAQ:COOP). Prior to WMIH, Mr. Gallagher
was CEO and Chief Risk Officer at Capmark Financial Group, formerly known as GMAC Commercial Mortgage (from March 2009 to May 2015), where
he was retained to manage its financial restructuring following the global economic crisis and was responsible for the management of the
company s day-to-day affairs, the restructuring of both the company and its assets (including its 12 billion commercial loan portfolio),
its bankruptcy process, and its winding down and distribution of assets to creditors and other stakeholders. Capmark was a highly successful
restructuring as Mr. Gallagher and his colleagues significantly increased the recovery value to Capmark s creditors. Before joining
Capmark, Mr. Gallagher was the Chief Credit Officer of RBS Greenwich Capital, the US fixed income investment banking business of the Royal
Bank of Scotland, where he was responsible for all aspects of credit risk management. Earlier in his career, he was a Vice President at
First Boston Corporation in that firm s credit risk management department. Mr. Gallagher began his career at Chemical Bank, where
he completed the bank s credit training program and then worked as a loan officer in the middle market division and a credit officer
in the financial institutions division. Mr. Gallagher has a B.S. in business administration from Syracuse University and an MBA from New
York University. 

59 

Charles Garner serves as our Executive Vice Present
and also serves as Executive Vice President of the Second SPAC, as a member of the management team for the Euro SPAC and as Managing Director
and General Counsel for M3 Partners. Mr. Garner began his career in 1987 as an attorney at Simpson Thacher Bartlett, a leading international
law firm, where he rose to become a partner in the corporate/banking group. Mr. Garner has served as Executive Managing Director and Chief
Operating Officer of Island Capital Group LLC, a real estate-focused merchant banking firm, where he played key roles in the formation
of Emirates National Securitisation Corporation (a joint venture with various entities of the Government of Dubai to create a mortgage
securitization market in Dubai) and Island Global Yachting (a leading owner and operator of luxury and megayacht marinas). Among other
positions, Mr. Garner also has served as Interim CEO of a European industrial software company focused on the utilities industry. Mr.
Garner served as a director of IEA (with a short period of interruption) since its formation in March 2018 until its merger with MasTec
Corporation in October 2022. Mr. Garner graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a BA in Political Science and Urban Studies
in 1984 and received his juris doctor degree, cum laude, from New York University School of Law in 1987. 

Christopher Good has served as our Chief Financial
Officer since August 2021. Mr. Good joined M3 Partners, LP in 2015 where he served as an Associate from February until April of that year.
Mr. Good served as a Senior Associate from April until December 2015. Mr. Good then served as Vice President from January 2016 until December
2016, and Director from January 2017 until December 2020. Mr. Good has been a Managing Director since January 2021. Prior to joining M3,
Mr. Good served as a Private Equity Associate at Grey Mountain Partners, which focused on providing deep operational expertise to middle
market companies, from 2013 to 2014. During his tenure there, Mr. Good was involved in the acquisition of middle- market industrial and
distribution companies. Over his career, Mr. Good has served in the role of Interim Chief Financial Officer of a music entertainment company
and a cloud-based Infrastructure-as-a-Service provider. Prior to Grey Mountain, Mr. Good served as an investment banker
in the Financial Institutions Groups at Citigroup from 2011 to 2013 and RBC Capital Markets from 2010 to 2011. During his time at Citigroup
and RBC, he advised leading private equity firms and companies in M A advisory and capital markets transactions. Mr. Good earned his
Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration with a Finance Concentration from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. 

Frederick Arnold is our Director. Mr. Arnold has
over 40 years of experience in investment banking, corporate management and board governance. Mr. Arnold has served as a member of the
boards of directors of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. since 2012 (including serving as current Chairman of the Board from April 2014 
April 2015 and from January 2019 present) and Navient Corporation (NASDAQ: NAVI) since August 2018. He also has served as a director
of Valaris PLC (NYSE: VAL) from November 2019 April 2021, The We Company (and as a member of the New Committee) from June 2020
 July 2020, Corporate Capital Trust II from 2015 2016, Corporate Capital Trust (NYSE: CCT) from 2011 December 2018
(Chairman 2017 2018), various members of the family of funds advised by FS/KKR Advisor, LLC (including FS KKR Capital Corp. (NYSE:
FSK), FS Investment Corp II, FS Investment Corp. III and FS Investment Corp. IV) from December 2018 November 2019, Syncora Holdings
Ltd. (OTC BB: SYCRF) from September 2016 January 2020, and CIFC Corp. (NASDAQ: CIFC) from 2011 2014. From 2015 
2017, Mr. Arnold served as Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of Convergex Group, LLC. Prior to that, he served as Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Capmark Financial Group Inc. from 2009 2011 and as Executive Vice President, Finance,
for Masonite International Inc. from 2006 2007. From 2000 2004, Mr. Arnold served in various executive capacities for
Willis Group Holdings and its subsidiaries, including as EVP of Finance, Development and Administration of Willis NA, and Group Chief
Administrative Officer and Group Executive Vice President, Strategic Development, for Willis Group Holdings. Mr. Arnold began his career
in investment banking at Lehman Brothers in 1980 and spent the following twenty years as an international investment banker, primarily
at Lehman Brothers and at Smith Barney, where he served as Managing Director and Head of European Corporate Finance. Mr. Arnold earned
a B.A. summa cum laude, in Economics from Amherst College, a MA in Jurisprudence from Oxford University and a J.D. from Yale Law School. 

60 

Mr. Carr is our Director and has been the Managing
Member and Chief Executive Officer of Drivetrain, LLC, an independent fiduciary services firm, since September 2013. Mr. Carr has been
a distressed investing and turnaround professional, with 25 years of experience in principal investing, advisory mandates, and board of
directors service, including complex financial restructurings and reorganizations in the U.S. and Europe. From 2003 to 2013, Mr.
Carr was Managing Director at Strategic Value Partners, a global investment firm focused on distressed debt and private equity opportunities.
Carr started his career at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLC and Ravin, Sarasohn, Baumgarten, Fisch Rosen in corporate
restructuring advisory. Mr. Carr currently serves as a director for the following public companies: Unit Corporation (since 2020), NewLake
Capital Partners (since 2019), and QualTek Services (since 2023). Public companies for which Mr. Carr no longer serves as director but
on which he served as a director in the last five years include: Atlas Iron Limited; TEAC Corporation; Tidewater Inc.; Midstates Petroleum
Company, Inc.; Verso Corporation; McDermott International, Inc.; Basic Energy Services, Inc.; Sears Holdings Corporation; and Enjoy Technology,
Inc. Attributes, experience, and qualifications for board and committee service: executive leadership experience; complex financial restructuring
and reorganization expertise; financial analysis expertise; corporate governance experience; and legal expertise. Mr. Carr received a
B.A. in Economics and Sociology from Brandeis University in 1992 and a J.D., cum laude, from Tulane University in 1995. 

Benjamin Fader-Rattner is our Director and is
the Managing Member of Space Summit Capital LLC, a hedge fund which he founded in January 2021. Mr. Fader-Rattner has been serving as
President and a director of Osiris Acquisition Corp., a publicly listed special purpose acquisition company, since May 2021, and also
has been employed by Fortinbras SPAC Holdings, as a sponsor of Osiris, since March 2021. Previously, Mr. Fader-Rattner was a Managing
Director at Canyon Partners, where he led investments across the capital structure in several industries including retail and consumer,
from 2008 to July 2020. At Canyon, Mr. Fader-Rattner served on various ad hoc creditor steering committees across multiple industries
including in retail and consumer companies such as Guitar Center, Boardriders, JC Penney and Red Lobster. Prior to Canyon, Mr. Fader-Rattner
was an analyst at Glenview Capital in 2007, where he invested primarily in debt opportunities. Prior to Glenview, Mr. Fader-Rattner was
an associate at The Carlyle Group from 2005 to 2007, where he focused on leveraged buyout transactions, and an analyst at Bear, Stearns 
Co. Inc. from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Fader-Rattner received a B.S. in Economics, summa cum laude, from The Wharton School at the University
of Pennsylvania. 

Scott Malpass is our Director. Mr. Malpass is
the managing member of Grafton Street LLC, an advisor to family offices on investment strategy, asset allocation and manager selection
criteria. Prior to founding Grafton Street in July 2020, Mr. Malpass served as the Vice President and Chief Investment Officer for the
University of Notre Dame beginning in 1988, where he was responsible for management of the University s endowment over a 32-year
period and supported its growth to approximately 12 billion. He began his career as an Associate at Irving Trust Company from 1986 
1988. In addition, Mr. Malpass currently serves as an Adjunct Professor at University of Notre Dame, where he has been a professor of
Applied Investment Management since 1994 and of Global Portfolio Management since 2009. Mr. Malpass has served on the Board of Directors
of The Vanguard Group since 2013, as the founder and chair of Catholic Investment Services since 2012, on the Board of Superintendence
of The Institute for the Works of the Religion (more commonly known as the Vatican Bank) since March 2017 and on the board of directors
of Paxos Trust Company since April 2021. Mr. Malpass has received numerous awards for his service and expertise from the University of
Notre Dame, including the James E. Armstrong Award in 2000, the Honorary Monogram Award in 2006, the Mendoza College of Business MBA Alumnus
of the Year award in 2011, and the Spirit of Holy Cross Award (from the founding religious order of the University) in 2016. He also has
been recognized as Large Endowment Manager of the Year by Institutional Investor Magazine in 2011 and has received the Rodney H. Adams
Endowment Award from the Nasional Association of College and University Business Officers in 2012, and the Lifetime Achievement Award
from Chief Investment Officer magazine in 2014. Mr. Malpass earned a B.S. in Biological Sciences from the University of Notre Dame in
1984 and an M.B.A. in Finance from the University of Notre Dame in 1986. 

61 

Mr. Transier is our Director and is the founder
and Chief Executive Officer of Transier Advisors, LLC, an independent advisory firm providing services to companies facing financial distress,
suboptimal operational situations, turnaround, restructuring or in need of interim executive or board leadership. Mr. Transier was co-founder
of Endeavour International Corporation, an international oil and gas exploration and production company. He served as non-executive Chairman
of Endeavour s Board of Directors from December 2014 until November 2015. He served from September 2006 until December 2014 as Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer and President of Endeavour and as its Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer from its formation in February 2004
through September 2006. Prior to Endeavour, Mr. Transier served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ocean Energy,
Inc. and its predecessor, Seagull Energy Corporation from May 1996 to April 2003. Before his tenure with Ocean, Mr. Transier served in
various roles including partner in the audit department and head of the Global Energy practice of KPMG LLP from June 1986 to April 1996.
Mr. Transier has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. (Helix) since July 2017 and as a director
since October 2000. During his tenure on the Helix board, he has served as Chairman or member of each of the company s Audit, Compensation
and Nominating and Governance committees, and as Lead Independent Director. from March 2016 through July 2017 when he was appointed Chairman
of the Board. Mr. Transier served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Battalion Oil Corporation (which changed its name from
Halc n Resources Corporation) and as Chairman of its Audit Committee from October 2019 until May 2021. In April 2020, Mr. Transier
was elected to the board of Exela Technologies, Inc. where he serves as Chairman of its Audit Committee and a member of the Strategic
Planning Committees. Mr. Transier was previously a member of the board of Sears Holding Corporation (2018 2020), Teekay Offshore
Partners L.P. (2019 2020), Gastar Exploration, Inc. (2018 2019), CHC Group Ltd. (2016 -2017) and Paragon Offshore plc
(2014 2017). Mr. Transier was recently recognized by the Dallas Business Journal as an Outstanding Director for excellence in
corporate governance. Mr. Transier graduated from the University of Texas with a B.B.A. in accounting, has an M.B.A. from Regis University
and earned an M.A. in Theological Studies from Dallas Baptist University. 

Steven Vincent is our Director. Mr. Vincent was,
until his retirement in March 2022, a Partner, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Legal Officer of Brigade Capital Management, LP, an approximately
 25 billion diversified global investment management firm specializing in investment credit strategies. Mr. Vincent has been at Brigade
Capital since February 2008. Mr. Vincent also serves as a Director of M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. since March 2021 and of Brigade-M3
European Acquisition Corp. since December 2021. Prior to Brigade Capital, Mr. Vincent served as the Associate Director of Litigation and
Regulatory Proceedings at Goldman Sachs from May 2002 to September 2008. Mr. Vincent also served as Senior Vice President and Senior Attorney
at Lehman Brothers from October 1993 to April 2002. Mr. Vincent s private practice experience includes having worked at Jones Day
from September 1990 to September 1993; Anderson Kill P.C. from December 1984 to August 1990; and, Windels Marx from September 1983 to
November 1984. Mr. Vincent has been a member of the Boston College Wall Street Executive Committee since 2009, is a former Trustee of
the Gregorian University Foundation (2013 2020), is a former Trustee of Sacred Heart Academy (Hempstead, New York) (2011 
2016) and is a former Trustee of Xavier High School from 1992 2001 (Chair 1998 2001). Mr. Vincent earned a B.A., magna
cum laude, in Political Science from Boston College and a J.D. from Fordham University School of Law. 

62 

In addition to Mr. Perkal, Mr. Chaice and Mr.
Vincent, key members of the Brigade team include: 

Donald E. Morgan III, Founder, Managing Partner
and Chief Investment Officer of Brigade, has more than 27 years of experience as an investor and entrepreneur. Prior to forming Brigade,
Mr. Morgan was a Senior Managing Director and Co-Head of Fixed Income at MacKay Shields, LLC. During his leadership, the firm s
high yield products ranked in the top 10 of their peer groups. At the same time, Mr. Morgan grew the firm s high yield assets to
 16 billion. Mr. Morgan joined its predecessor firm in 1997 and co-managed its high yield funds until 2000, when he became the Lead Portfolio
Manager of the High Yield Division. Mr. Morgan began his career in money management, as a High Yield Analyst at Fidelity Management and
Research Company. Mr. Morgan received a BS in Finance, magna cum laude, from New York University. Additionally, Mr. Morgan is a CFA charterholder. 

Doug Pardon is the Portfolio Manager for Brigade s
High Yield and Opportunistic Credit strategies. Mr. Pardon is also Head of High Yield Research and sits on the firm s Investment
Committee. In addition, Mr. Pardon is responsible for recruiting new credit analysts, and training research staff members on the Brigade
investment process. Mr. Pardon joined Brigade in early 2007 as a senior analyst covering the retail, gaming, and leisure sectors and was
promoted to head the High Yield Research Team in 2012. Prior to joining Brigade, Mr. Pardon was a Vice President/Senior Analyst in the
High Yield Group at Lehman Brothers Asset Management. His sectors of responsibility included the healthcare, gaming/lodging/leisure, retail,
consumer products, food/drug/ tobacco and the services industries. Mr. Pardon also served as an Analyst in the Mergers and Acquisitions
Group at Merrill Lynch Co. Mr. Pardon received a BA in Finance with a minor in Accounting, magna cum laude, from the University
of Notre Dame s Mendoza College of Business. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists of seven members:
Mr. Meghji, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Carr, Mr. Fader-Rattner, Mr. Malpass, Mr. Transier and Mr. Vincent. Holders of our founder shares will have
the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will
not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation may only be amended if approved by a majority of our Class B common stock. Approval of our initial business combination
will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only
one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting
of stockholders) serving a three-year term.] The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Fader-Rattner, Mr.
Carr and Mr. Transier, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting
of Mr. Arnold and Mr. Malpass, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors,
consisting of Mr. Meghji and Mr. Vincent, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of
stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the stockholders,
any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the
meeting of our board that includes any directors representing our sponsor then on our board, or by a majority of the holders of our founder
shares. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws will provide that our officers may consist
of a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer,
Assistant Treasurers and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

63 

Director Independence 

The rules of the NYSE require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. Our board has determined that each of Mr. Arnold, Mr. Carr, Mr. Fader-Rattner,
Mr. Malpass and Mr. Transier is an independent director under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our officers or directors have received
any compensation for services rendered to us, except that each of Mr. Carr and Mr. Transier has been paid 125,000 for service as a director
for the length of his respective term. Our sponsor, officers, directors and their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor,
officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates. Our independent directors will review on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. One of our independent directors received 25,000 shares
of Class B common stock from our sponsor. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined
company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer
and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial business combination will be
determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We are not party to any agreements with our executive
officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting
arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that
the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination should be a determining factor
in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has three standing committees:
an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Both our audit committee and our compensation
committee are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules of NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act
require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of NYSE require that
the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described
below. The charter of each committee is available on our website at www.m3-brigade.com. 

Audit Committee 

The members of our audit committee are Mr. Arnold,
Mr. Fader-Rattner and Mr. Malpass, and Mr. Arnold serves as chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our board of directors has determined that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable
SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the
purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; 

64 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality- control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

The audit committee is governed by a charter that complies
with the rules of the NYSE. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our Compensation Committee are Mr. Fader-Rattner and
Mr. Malpass. Mr. Malpass serves as chairman of our compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which
details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to (or approving, if such authority is so delegated by our board of directors) the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

65 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser
and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. The charter complies
with the rules of the NYSE. 

However, before engaging or receiving advice from
a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each
such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are
Mr. Arnold, Mr. Malpass and Mr. Fader-Rattner. Mr. Arnold serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

We adopted a nominating and corporate governance
committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The charter also provides that the nominating
and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used
to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms.
The charter complies with the rules of the NYSE. 

We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders.
Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination
to our board of directors. 

Transaction Committee 

On October 25, 2022, our board of directors established
a transaction committee (the Transaction Committee ), comprised solely of Alan Carr and William Transier, to evaluate
the terms of the Greenfire Business Combination and to recommend to our board whether to pursue the Greenfire Business Combination. The
Transaction Committee was authorized to develop, assess and negotiate the terms of potential initial business combinations and to make
a recommendation to our full board of directors as to whether we should enter into any such potential initial business combination. The
members of the Transaction Committee are compensated with a fixed amount of cash, the payment of which is not conditioned on the consummation
of any initial business combination by us. In addition, the members of the Transaction Committee had no affiliations prior to their engagement
by our board with us or our sponsor, and they did not and do not hold any direct or indirect equity interests in us or our sponsor. 

66 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, and in
the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers
serving on our board of directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our common stock to file
reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all
Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the period from January 1, 2022 through
December 31, 2021, there were no delinquent filers. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors,
officers and employees. 

You will be able to review
these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will
be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code
of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines 

Our board of directors adopted corporate governance
guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of
directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications,
director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and presiding director, meetings
of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director
communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management
and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Our management team is responsible for the management
of our affairs. As described above and below, each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have
additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director
is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual
or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to
such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity
to us (including as described in Item 1. Business Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets ). These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally
and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors may participate
in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion of our initial business combination.
Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

67 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the completion window. However, if our initial stockholders or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the completion window. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial stockholders until the earlier of: (1) one year after the completion of our initial business combination; and (2) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the shares of common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor, officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. 

Our key personnel may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such key personnel was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

68 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business
affiliations, our officers and directors have similar legal obligations and duties relating to presenting business opportunities meeting
the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine
of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the
doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have, and there will not be any expectancy that
any of our directors or officers will offer any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware to us. Below is a table
summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may present
a conflict of interest: 

Name
 of Individual 
 
 Entity
 Name 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Mohsin Y. Meghji 
 
 M-III Partners, LP 
 
 Financial Advisory Services 
 
 Managing Partner Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive 

M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Officer 

Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Advisor 

Matthew Perkal 
 
 Brigade Capital Management, LP 
 
 Investments 
 
 Senior Portfolio Manager Private Credit And Restructuring 

M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Executive Vice President and Head of Mergers and Acquisitions 

Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Advisor 

Chris Chaice 
 
 Brigade Capital Management, LP 
 
 Investments 
 
 Partner and Senior Attorney 

Brigade-M3 European Acquisition 
 Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Advisor 

69 

Name
 of Individual 
 
 Entity
 Name 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 William Gallagher 
 
 M-III Partners, LP 
 
 Financial Advisory Services 
 
 Managing Director 

M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Executive Vice President 

Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Advisor 

Charles H. F. Garner 
 
 M-III Partners, LP 
 
 Financial Advisory Services 
 
 Managing Director 

M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Executive Vice President and Secretary 

Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Advisor 

Christopher Good 
 
 M-III Partners, LP 
 
 Financial Advisory Services 
 
 Founder 

Frederick Arnold 
 
 Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. 
 
 Investments 
 
 Director and Current Chairman of the Board 

Navient Corporation 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Director 

Benjamin Fader-Rattner 
 
 Osiris Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 President 

Space Summit Capital LLC 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Managing Member 

Fortinbras SPAC Holdings 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Employee 

70 

Name
 of Individual 
 
 Entity
 Name 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Scott Malpass 
 
 The Vanguard Group 
 
 Investments 
 
 Director 

Catholic Investment Services 
 
 Investments 
 
 Founder and Chair 

The Institute for the Works of the Religion 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Director 

Paxos Trust Company 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Director 

Steven Vincent 
 
 Brigade Capital 
 
 Investments 
 
 Former/retired Partner Chief Operating 

Management 

Officer 

M3-Brigade Acquisition II Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Director 

Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Blank Check Company 
 
 Director 

Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual
or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to
such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity
to us (including as described in Item 1. Business Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets ). These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally
and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial
business combination with a business that is affiliated, our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested
directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting
firm, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such
an opinion in any other context. 

In addition, our sponsor or any of its affiliates
may make additional investments in the company in connection with the initial business combination, although our sponsor and its affiliates
have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such
proposed investments could influence our sponsor s motivation to complete an initial business combination. 

In the event that we submit our initial business
combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares
and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination, and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote
public shares purchased by them (if any) during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. 

71 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers
and Directors 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists
or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not
be personally liable for monetary damages to us or stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent
such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the DGCL. 

We entered into agreements with our officers and
directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising
out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. 

We obtained a policy of directors and officers 
liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances
and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage stockholders from
bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the
likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit
us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance
and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

In connection with the IPO, we have undertaken
that insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling
us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our executive officers or directors have
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. The cost for our use of this space is paid by our sponsor, which also provides
us with utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. 

Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, or
any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will
review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers, directors and our or their affiliates. 

After the completion of our business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company.
All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer
and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors. 

We may not take any action to ensure that members
of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible
that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial
business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence
our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management
to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with
any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon
termination of employment. 

72 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

We have no compensation plans under which equity securities
are authorized for issuance. 

The following table sets forth information regarding the
beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this annual report, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.
The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable
within 60 days of the date of this annual report. 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Percentage
 of 
 Outstanding 
 Common Stock 

Beneficially 
 Before 
 After 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Owned 
 Offering 
 Offering 
 
 M3-Brigade Sponsor
 III LP (2)(3) 
 7,500,000 
 100.0 
 20.0 
 
 Mohsin Meghji (2)(3) 
 7,500,000 
 100.0 
 20.0 
 
 Matthew Perkal (4) 

Chris Chaice (4) 

William Gallagher (4) 

Charles Garner (4) 

Christopher Good 

Frederick Arnold (4) 

Benjamin Fader-Rattner (4) 

Scott Malpass (4) 

Steven Vincent (4) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (11 individuals) 
 7,500,000 
 100.0 
 20.0 
 
 Beryl Capital Management LLC (5) 
 2,149,998 
 
 5.7 
 
 MMCAP International Inc. SPC (6) 

Cantor Fitzgerald Securities (7) 
 1,645,000 
 
 4.4 

Denotes a percentage less than 1 
 
 (1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 1700 Broadway, 19th Floor, New York, NY 10019. 
 
 (2) 
 M3-Brigade Sponsor III LP is the record holder of the shares reported herein. The general partner of M3-Brigade Sponsor III LP is M3-Brigade Acquisition Partners III Corp. Mohsin Y. Meghji is the sole director of M3-Brigade Acquisition Partners III Corp. Mr. Meghji may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by M3-Brigade Sponsor III LP. 
 
 (3) 
 Consists of 7,500,000 founder shares. 
 
 (4) 
 Does not include any shares owned by this individual as a result of his or her membership interest in our sponsor. 
 
 (5) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 11, 2022 by Beryl Capital Management LLC, Beryl Capital Management LP, Beryl Capital Partners II LP and David A. Witkin (collectively, the Beryl Parties ), the business address of such parties is 1611 S. Catalina Ave., Suite 309, Redondo Beach, CA 90277. The Beryl Parties hold 2,149,998 shares of Class A common stock. Such securities are held in part by Beryl Capital Partners II LP, a Delaware entity (the Beryl Partnership ), which beneficially owned 1,859,979 shares of Class A common stock. Beryl Capital Management LLC, a Delaware entity Beryl ), is the investment adviser to the Beryl Partnership and other private investment funds (collectively, the Beryl Funds and other accounts. Beryl is the general partner of Beryl Capital Management LP, a Delaware entity (the Beryl GP ), which is also the general partner of one or more of the Beryl Funds. Mr. Witkin is the control person of Beryl and Beryl GP. The Beryl Funds hold the Class A common stock for the benefit of their investors, and the Beryl Funds and Beryl s other clients have the right to receive or the power to direct the receipt of dividends from, or the proceeds from the sale of, the shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 (6) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on December 31, 2021, by MMCAP International Inc. SPC, and MM Asset Management Inc. (collectively, the MMCAP Parties ), the business addresses of such parties are c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 1348, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108, Cayman Islands and 161 Bay Street, TD Canada Trust Tower, Suite 2230, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2S1, Canada, respectively. The MMCAP Parties hold 1,400,000 shares of Class A common stock. 

73 

(7) 
 According to Schedule 13G,
 filed on November 17, 2021 by Cantor Fitzgerald Securities, Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P., CF Group Management, Inc. and Howard W. Lutnick
 (collectively, the Cantor Parties ), the business address of such parties is 110 East 59th Street, New York, New York
 10022. The Cantor Parties hold 1,645,000 shares of Class A common stock. Such securities are held by Cantor Fitzgerald Securities,
 a New York general partnership CFS ), which beneficially owned 1,645,000 shares of Class A common stock. CF Group Management,
 Inc. is the managing general partner of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. Cantor and directly or indirectly controls the managing
 general partners of CFS. Mr. Lutnick is Chairman and Chief Executive of CF Group Management, Inc. CFGM and trustee
 of CFGM s sole stockholder. Cantor, indirectly, holds a majority of the ownership interests of CFS. As such, each of Cantor,
 CFGM and Mr. Lutnick may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities directly held by CFS. 

Our sponsor beneficially owns 20.0 of the issued
and outstanding shares of our common stock. Our sponsor will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination as a result of holding all of the founder shares. In addition, because of this ownership block, our initial
stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including amendments
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. 

In April 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 11,500,000 shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per share. On September
7, 2021 the Company effected a reverse stock split of 0.625 of a share of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common
stock, resulting in the sponsor holding 7,187,500 founder shares. On October 21, 2021, we effected a stock dividend of .044 of a share
of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate
of 7,503,750 founder shares. On October 25, 2021, our sponsor forfeited at no cost 3,750 shares of Class B common stock in connection
with the determination by the underwriters of our public offering not to exercise in full the over-allotment option granted to them, resulting
in our initial stockholders holding 7,500,000 founder shares. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect
the stock dividends. The number of shares of Class B common stock issued was based on the expectation that the shares of Class B common
stock would represent 20 of the outstanding shares of our determined Class A common stock and our Class B common stock upon completion
of the IPO. 

On October 26, 2021, we completed our IPO of 30,000,000
units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300,000,000. Each unit consists of one of the Company s shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one public warrant. Each whole public warrant entitles the holder
thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

Concurrently with the completion of the IPO, our
sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,786,667 warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 11,290,000.50 in the aggregate. An aggregate
of 300,000,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and 3,000,000 from the proceeds of the private placement warrants was placed in a trust
account (the trust account such that the trust account held 303,000,000 at the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole
private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
to certain adjustments. 

On December 10, 2021, we announced that, commencing
December 13, 2021, holders of the 30,000,000 units sold in the IPO may elect to separately trade the shares of Class A common stock and
the warrants included in the units. Those units not separated continued to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol MBSC.U 
and the shares of Class A common stock and warrants that were separated trade under the symbols MBSC and MBSC WS, 
respectively. 

Our sponsor and our executive officers and directors
are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. 

74 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. 

An affiliate of the sponsor advanced 192,374
to the Company prior to the Initial Public Offering to pay certain of the costs incurred by the Company in connection with the Initial
Public Offering. Such advances were repaid by the Company out of funds held outside the trust account on March 30, 2022. During 2022,
the affiliate of the Sponsor advanced 19,477 to the Company to pay certain expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the sourcing
of its initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 19,477 and 192,374 outstanding balance
under due to related parties, respectively. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors or any of
their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates
and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors may,
but none of them is obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant
at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our sponsor. The terms of such
loans by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our
officers and directors, if any, as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any
and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business combination, members
of our management team who remain with us, if any, may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any
and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation. 

75 

We have entered into a registration rights agreement
with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any).
The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
(and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the
working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights
agreement, dated as of October 21, 2021, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only
after conversion to shares of Class A common stock). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
short form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require
us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides
that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable
lock-up period, which occurs: (i) in the case of the founder shares, on the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial
business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of Class A common stock
equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date
following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common
stock for cash, securities or other property, and (2) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective shares of Class
A common stock underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred
in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

In connection with the consummation of the IPO,
we entered into a forward purchase agreement with M3-Brigade III FPA LP, a Delaware limited partnership that is an affiliate of our sponsor
(the Forward Purchase Affiliate), which provided for the purchase of up to 40,000,000 of shares of Class A common stock (the Forward
Purchase Shares ), subject to adjustment, for a purchase price of 10.00 per share, in a private placement to occur in connection
with the closing of the initial Business Combination. On December 14, 2022, the parties to the Forward Purchase Agreement agreed to terminate
the Forward Purchase Agreement effective as of, and conditioned upon, consummation of the Greenfire Business Combination (the FPA
Termination ). 

Related Party Policy 

We had not yet adopted a formal policy for the
review, approval or ratification of related party transactions as of the completion of the IPO. Accordingly, the transactions discussed
above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

Since the completion of the IPO, we have adopted
a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved
by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code
of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness
or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. 

In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to
a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions.
An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required
in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes a quorum. Without
a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee are required to approve a related party transaction.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or
any of their affiliates. 

76 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we
have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors
unless we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a
financial point of view. There will be no finder s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan
or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered
to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it
is). However, the following payments will be, or have been, made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, and,
if made prior to our initial business combination will be made from (i) funds held outside the trust account or (ii) permitted withdrawals: 

repayment of 250,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

These payments may be funded using the net proceeds
of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not held in the trust account or, upon completion of the initial business combination,
from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account released to us in connection therewith. 

Director Independence 

The rules of the NYSE require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. An independent director is defined generally as a person
that, in the opinion of the Company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly
or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We have independent directors 
as defined in the NYSE rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined that each of Frederick Arnold, Alan Carr, Benjamin Fader-Rattner,
Scott Malpass and William Transier is an independent director under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. Our independent directors have regularly
scheduled sessions at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to
BDO USA, LLP, or BDO, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by BDO in
connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by BDO for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with
the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 170,191
and 189,960, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

77 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation
and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay BDO for consultations concerning financial accounting
and reporting standards for year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees. The aggregate fees billed by BDO for
tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021 totaled 28,961 and 0, respectively. 

All Other Fees. We did not pay BDO for other services
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be
performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described
in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 to F-29 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at
www.sec.gov. 

78 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2022, by and among M3-Brigade Acquisition III Corp., Greenfire Resources Ltd., DE Greenfire Merger Sub Inc., 2476276 Alberta ULC and Greenfire Resources Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K/A filed by the Registrant on December 20, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on May 11, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on May 11, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on May 11, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on May 11, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Public Warrant Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Private Warrant Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of Securities of the Company. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated April 12, 2021 issued to M3-Brigade Sponsor III LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on May 11, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, among the Registrant and its officers, directors and M3-Brigade Sponsor III LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 among the Registrant and certain securityholders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated April 12, 2021, between the Registrant and M3 Sponsor III LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on May 11, 2011). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and M3-Brigade Sponsor III LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Mohsin Meghji (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Matthew Perkal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Chris Chaice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and William Gallagher (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Charles Garner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Christopher Good (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 

79 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

10.14 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Kallie Steffes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Frederick Arnold (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Benjamin Fader-Rattner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Scott Malpass (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 21, 2021 between the Registrant and Steven Vincent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated October 21, 2021, by and between Registrant and M3-Brigade III FPA LP, an affiliate of the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 1, 2022, between the Registrant, Alan Carr and William Transier (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 1, 2022, between the Registrant and Alan Carr (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 1, 2022, between the Registrant and William Transier (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Engagement Agreement, dated November 1, 2022, between the Registrant and Alan Carr (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Engagement Agreement, dated November 1, 2022, between the Registrant and William Transier (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 2, 2022). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K/A filed by the Registrant on December 20, 2022) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Shareholder Support Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Greenfire Resources Ltd., DE Greenfire Merger Sub Inc., 2476276 Alberta ULC and Greenfire Resources Inc. and the Supporting Company Shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K/A filed by the Registrant on December 20, 2022) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Sponsor Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2022, by and among M3-Brigade Sponsor III LP, M3-Brigade Acquisition III Corp., Greenfire Resources Ltd. and Greenfire Resources Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K/A filed by the Registrant on December 20, 2022) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Form of Investor Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K/A filed by the Registrant on December 20, 2022) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Furnished herewith. 

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and are deemed
not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference
in any filing under the Securities Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

80 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in New York City, New York, on the 31st day of March, 2023. 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Mohsin Y. Meghji 

Name: 
 Mohsin Y. Meghji 

Title: 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mohsin Y. Meghji 
 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Mohsin Y. Meghji 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Matthew Perkal 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Matthew Perkal 

/s/ Chris Chaice 
 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Chris Chaice 

/s/ William Gallagher 
 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 William Gallagher 

/s/ Charles Garner 
 
 Executive Vice President and Secretary 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Charles Garner 

/s/ Christopher Good 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Christopher Good 

/s/ Frederick Arnold 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Frederick Arnold 

/s/ Alan Carr 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Alan Carr 

/s/ Benjamin Fader-Rattner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Benjamin Fader-Rattner 

/s/ Scott Malpass 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Scott Malpass 

/s/ William Transier 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 William Transier 

/s/ Steven Vincent 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Steven Vincent 

81 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION III CORP. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP, New York, New York, PCAOB ID # F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F-29 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

M3-Brigade
Acquisition III Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited
the accompanying balance sheets of M3-Brigade Acquisition III Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
related statements of operations, changes in Class A common stock subject to possible redemption and stockholders deficit, and
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company does not have sufficient cash and working capital to sustain its operations. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

New
York, 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION III CORP. 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid income taxes 

Total current assets 

Prepaid insurance long term portion 

Investments and marketable securities held in trust 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related parties 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Forward purchase agreement liability 

Subscription purchase agreement liability 

Deferred underwriting fees 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding; at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized
(excluding 30,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B common stock. par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION III CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from March 25, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement liability 

Initial loss on subscription purchase agreement liability 

Change in fair value of subscription purchase agreement liability 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Dividend on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

Income (loss) before income tax provision 

Income tax provision 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B common stock

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION III CORP 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION 

AND STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 25, 2021 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A common stock subject to 
 Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total Stockholders 

possible redemption 
 common stock 
 Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (deficit) 
 
 Balance March 25, 2021 (inception) 

Sale of Class B shares to founders 

Sale of Units during IPO 

Sale of private placement warrants 

Allocation of fair value of public warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION III CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from March 25, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement liability 

Initial loss on subscription purchase agreement liability 

Change in fair value of subscription purchase agreement liability 

Interest on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid income taxes 

Prepaid insurance 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment in marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Proceeds from sale and redemption of marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Purchase of marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Due to related parties 

Repayment of due to related parties 

Proceeds from sale of private placement warrants 

Proceeds from sale of shares of Class B common stock 

Proceeds from sale of IPO Units, net of costs 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs paid through due to related parties 

Deferred offering costs paid by the Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of shares of Class B common stock 

Deferred underwriting fees 

Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION
III CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common
stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of .
The underwriters had a 45-day option from the effectiveness date of the IPO (October 21, 2021) to purchase up to an additional 
units to cover over-allotments, if any. The underwriters purchased additional units pursuant to this right as part of the IPO,
which units are included in the total IPO units. On December 4, 2021, the underwriters remaining over-allotment option
expired unexercised. 

and Private Placement Warrants (the Private
Warrants to the Sponsor and Underwriter, respectively at a price of per Private Warrant, generating total gross proceeds
of . 

consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and approximately of other offering
costs. Net proceeds received from the IPO were approximately after payment of the underwriting fees of and approximately
 of other costs. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement
was placed in the Trust Account. This amount included from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants in order to provide the
investors a redemption value per share or total redemption value. The funds held in the Trust Account may be invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out
as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the
Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described
below. 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account
(excluding the deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete
a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. 

. In such case, the Company
would not proceed with the redemption of its public shares and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate
Business Combination. 

F- 7 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights with respect to
the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption are recorded as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering and subsequently accreted to redemption value in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the
Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

F- 8 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

into the Company s Trust Account, in part from the Company s working capital, for the benefit of the
Company s public stockholders. On January 18, 2023, the Company s board of directors, at the request of the Sponsor, approved
an extension of the period of time the Company has to consummate its initial business combination until April 26, 2023. On January 27,
2023, in connection with such extension, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees deposited an additional of into the Company s
Trust Account, in part from the Company s working capital, for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders (see Note
12). The Company s stockholders will not be entitled to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. Pursuant
to the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation, in order to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination in such a
manner, the Sponsor, upon no less than five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit an additional 
into the Trust Account (which may be in part from the Company s working capital) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline,
for each 3-month extension. The Sponsor is not obligated to extend the time for the Company to complete a Business Combination. In the
event that the Company receives notice from the Sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish for the Company to effect
an extension, the Company intends to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline.
In addition, the Company intends to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds have
been timely deposited. Our sponsor has the option to accelerate its extension request, subject to the deposit of the relevant amount of
additional funds into the Trust Account, at any time prior to the consummation of the Business Combination with the same effect of extending
the time the Company will have to consummate a Business Combination by 3,6, 9 or 12 months, as applicable. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to
receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire
worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

per Public Share
and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less
than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will
not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in
the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the Underwriter of the Initial Public Offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 

F- 9 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

for his
services. Such fees have been paid in full in December 2022. 

Alberta ULC, Canadian Merger Sub ), and Greenfire Resources Inc Greenfire ). 

the Company s Class A Shares for an aggregate purchase price of approximately (the PIPE
Investment ). The Transaction Financing will be consummated prior to or substantially concurrently with the Closing. 

F- 10 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

to Greenfire promptly following the Closing. 

per whole SPAC Warrant
upon the closing of the Business Combination. 

F- 11 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of cash outside of the
Trust and working capital deficit of . Management expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The
Company believes it will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating its business and to consummate
a business combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing or draw on the Working Capital Loans either to complete
a Business Combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of the Public Shares upon consummation of a Business
Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our
Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available,
the Company will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the Business combination, if cash
on hand is insufficient, the Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. As of December 31, 2022,
there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

and respectively, to the related parties on account of unreimbursed expenses incurred in connection
with the sourcing of its initial Business Combination. 

F- 12 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of dividend and interest income from the Trust account for working capital and to pay taxes. There were no withdrawals made during
the year ended December 31, 2021. Of this amount, was utilized as payment for the extension fee during the year ended December
31, 2022. 

and are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit
section of the Company s balance sheets, respectively. 

, in accretion related to dividend and interest earned on cash and
marketable securities held in the Trust Account and deposit made representing the payment for extension fee. Accretion attributable to
the holders of the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is reduced by and of franchise taxes payable in 2022 and 2021, respectively, offset by and of prepaid income taxes for
2022 and 2021, respectively. The reconciliation of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is discussed in Note 8. 

F- 13 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and 
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the public and private warrants, respectively, in the calculation of diluted
income (loss) per share, since the exercise of such warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of
such warrants would be anti-dilutive. 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Allocation of accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 
 
 -

-

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted income (loss) per share

consist principally of costs incurred in connection with preparation for the Initial Public
Offering. These costs, together with the underwriter fees of in the aggregate, totaled approximately . Of such
offering costs, approximately were initially charged to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption upon completion
of the Initial Public Offering and approximately , which were allocated to the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants,
and initially in Additional Paid-In Capital.

F- 14 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of shares of Class A common
stock, for a purchase price of per share (the Forward Purchase Agreement ), in a private placement to occur in connection
with the closing of a Business Combination. The obligations under the Forward Purchase Agreement do not depend on whether any shares of
Class A common stock are redeemed by our public stockholders. The forward purchase shares will be identical to the shares of Class A common
stock included in the units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except the forward purchase shares will be subject to transfer restrictions
and certain registration rights, as described in the Forward Purchase Agreement. 

and has been ascribed to such liability
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and has been ascribed to such liability at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

F- 15 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Units at a price of per Unit. A total of 
redeemable public warrants were issued. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at
a price of per share, subject to adjustment at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the IPO or 30 days after the
completion of the Company s initial business combination. 

The Deferred Discount will become
payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business
Combination. 

F- 16 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and Private Placement Warrants, respectively at a price of per
Private Placement Warrant, resulting in gross proceeds of . Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase 
share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

shares of Class
B common stock (the Founder Shares for . On September 7, 2021, the Company effected a reverse stock split of 
of a share of Class B common stock for each outstanding share of Class B common stock, resulting in the Sponsor holding founder
shares. On October 21, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of . of a share of Class B common stock for each outstanding share
of Class B common stock, resulting in the Sponsor holding founder shares. The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A common
stock included in the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer
restrictions, as described in more detail below. Each Founder Share is automatically convertible to a share of Class A common stock on
a one-for-one basis at the time of the Company s initial business combination. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to
 Founder Shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the Underwriter s over-allotment was not exercised in full or in
part, so that the number of Founder Shares would equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and
outstanding common stock after the Initial Public Offering. On October 25, 2021, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares in connection
with the Underwriter not fully exercising their option to purchase additional units, resulting in the Sponsor holding Founder
Shares. All share amounts and related information have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse stock split, stock dividend
and share forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business
Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, consolidation capital stock exchange or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property. 

F- 17 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and was
payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. No borrowings were made under
the Promissory Note. Borrowing under this Promissory Note is no longer available. 

of expenses on behalf of
the Company prior to the Initial Public Offering. Such advances were to be repaid by the Company out of funds held outside the Trust Account
and were repaid on March 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and outstanding balance under due to
related parties, respectively. 

of shares of Class A common stock, for a purchase price of per share (the Forward
Purchase Agreement ), in a private placement to occur in connection with the closing of a Business Combination. The obligations
under the Forward Purchase Agreement do not depend on whether any shares of Class A common stock are redeemed by our public stockholders.
The forward purchase shares will be identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in the Initial Public
Offering, except the forward purchase shares will be subject to transfer restrictions and certain registration rights, as described in
the Forward Purchase Agreement. 

and has been ascribed to
such liability at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 18 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the
post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Printing and engraving 

Other expenses 

Total 

NYSE listing and filing fees 

Printing and engraving 

Other expenses 

Total 

and are unpaid offering costs related to the Company s IPO, respectively. 

F- 19 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discount. As of October 26, 2021, the underwriters
had partially exercised their over-allotment option, resulting in the purchase of an additional Units. 

per Unit (without giving effect to the Units issued upon the partial exercise
by the underwriter of its over-allotment option; or per Unit after giving effect to the incremental Units issued pursuant to such
exercise), or in the aggregate, payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the Underwriter will
be entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit sold pursuant to the Initial Public Offering (after giving to the underwriter s
partial exercise of its overallotment option), or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the Underwriter
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

and is contingent and payable upon the completion of business combination. Additional fees will be payable to such legal vendor in the event that the initial business combination is satisfied,
with the amount of such fees to be determined at that time based upon a variety of factors. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Class A common stock issuance cost 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

shares of preferred stock at par value of each.
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock at par value
of each. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Class A common stock were issued and outstanding. All such shares
are presented outside of permanent equity since the shares are subject to possible redemption by the holders of Class A common stock
under the caption Class A common stock subject to possible redemption. 

F- 20 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding
upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed
issued in connection with a Business Combination. 

F- 21 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

per Public Warrant; 

per share (subject to adjustment in compliance with the public warrant agreement) for any ten (10) trading days within a 20-trading day period ending on the third (3rd) trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is given to the public warrant holders. 

(or such other amount as a holder
may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

F- 22 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

per share per year, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A
common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) as a result of the repurchase of shares of Class A common
stock by the company if the proposed initial business combination is presented to the stockholders of the Company for approval, or (e)
in connection with the redemption of the Company s public shares upon the Company s failure to complete the Company s
initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such
event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock
in respect of such event. No other adjustments will be required to be made including for issuing Class A common stock at below market
price and/or exercise price. If the number of outstanding shares of the Company s Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation,
combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective
date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common
stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock.
Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above,
the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction
(x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately
prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

F- 23 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, the holder
of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually
have been entitled as a stockholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange
offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange
offer, subject to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to
the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. Additionally, if less than of the consideration receivable by the holders
of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A common stock in the successor entity that is listed for
trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or
quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days
following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based
on the per share consideration minus Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. 

of the then outstanding public warrants
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. A change affecting the terms of
the Private Placement Warrants will require the approval of holders of at least of the Private Placement Warrants. 

F- 24 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise
period. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. 

F- 25 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and has been ascribed to such liability at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of the
subscription purchase agreement liability is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy and a and has been ascribed
to such liability at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Liabilities: 

Forward purchase agreement liability 
 3 

Subscription purchase agreement liability 
 3 

F- 26 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Underlying common stock price 

Cash flow discount rate 

Unit purchase price 

Estimated maturity date 

Probability of forward purchase agreement being utilized 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

and ,
respectively. 

Underlying common stock price 

Cash flow discount rate 

Unit purchase price 

Estimated maturity date 

Probability of subscription purchase agreement being utilized 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

and , respectively. 

F- 27 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Deferred income tax benefit 

State and local: 

Current income tax expense 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

. For the period from
March 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

F- 28 

M3-BRIGADE ACQUISITION III CORP 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

True-up adjustment for state taxes 

Business combination expenses 

Fines and penalties 

Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement liability 

Change in fair value of subscription purchase agreement liability 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

into the Company s Trust Account, in part from
the Company s working capital, for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders. 

F-29 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-6_m3brigade3.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 4.6 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value, 50,000,000 shares
of Class B common stock 0.0001 par value and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description
summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important
to you. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one share of Class A common
stock and one-third of one redeemable public warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class
A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustments as described set forth in the warrant agreement. Pursuant to the
warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of our Class A common stock. This means
only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants have been issued upon separation of
the units and only whole warrants are traded. 

The common stock and warrants constituting the units began
separate trading on December 13, 2021. 

Common Stock 

As of December 6, 2021, a total of 37,500,000 shares of
our common stock are outstanding, including: 

30,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock; and 

7,500,000 shares of Class B common stock held by M3-Brigade Sponsor III LP sponsor ). 

Common stockholders of record are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of our Class B common stock will have the right to
elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled
to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only
be amended by a resolution passed by a majority of our shares of Class B common stock. On any other matter submitted to a vote of our
stockholders, holders of our Class B common stock and holders of our Class A common stock will vote together as a single class, except
as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions
related to pre-business combination activity may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock, and corresponding provisions
of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common
stock. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of
the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required
to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. 

Directors are divided into three classes, each
of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect
to the election of directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into a business combination,
we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of common stock which we are
authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in
connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with the New York Stock Exchange
(the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until not later than one year
after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. Under Section 211(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ),
we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws
unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect
new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b)
of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery
in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us), divided by
the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is 10.10 per
public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption right will include the requirement that any beneficial owner
on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our initial stockholders
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any
founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Permitted transferees
of our sponsor, officers or directors are subject to the same obligations. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes
and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public
shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements, if a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide
to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is
required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, we will,
like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant
to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, unless a different vote is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates
in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in the initial public offering IPO prospectus)), if any, could result
in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention
to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock,
non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our bylaws will require that
we give at least 10 days prior notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business
combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act ), will be restricted from redeeming more than an aggregate of 15 
of the shares sold in the IPO, without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on
the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete
the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 

 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell
their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

2 

If we seek stockholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have (and their permitted transferees, as applicable, will
agree) agreed to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result,
in addition to our sponsor s founder shares, we would need 11,250,001, or 37.5 , of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in the IPO
to be voted in favor of our initial business combination in order to have such initial business combination approved. Additionally, each
public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or
against the proposed transaction. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will: (1) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, subject to
lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall
be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law; and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares
held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. However, if our sponsor or any of our
officers or directors acquires public shares after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available
for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over
the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to
the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their
pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net
of taxes payable), upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are identical to the shares
of Class A common stock included in the units, except that: (1) only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election
of directors prior to our initial business combination; (2) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described
in more detail below; (3) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed to: (a) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination, (b) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares
held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to
modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within the completion window;
and (c) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the completion window (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the
completion window); (4) the founder shares are automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial
business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein; and
(5) the holders of founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders
for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees, as applicable, will agree) to vote any founder
shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

3 

The shares of Class B common stock will automatically
convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity- linked securities, are issued or deemed issued
in excess of the amounts sold in the IPO and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which shares of
Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that
the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate,
on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding plus all shares of Class A common stock and
equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination. 

With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares
are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor
and other permitted transferees, each of whom are subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the
completion of our initial business combination, (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, if the closing price of our Class
A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
and (C) following the completion of our initial business combination, such future date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their
shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred Stock 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors are authorized
to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and
any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors are able to,
without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other
rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred
stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal
of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares
of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Public Stockholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time
commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a public warrant holder
may exercise its public warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised
at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants have been issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants are
traded. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants
will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

4 

We will not be obligated to deliver any shares
of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a public warrant and will have no obligation to settle such public warrant exercise
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act with respect to the shares
of Class A common stock underlying the public warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A
common stock is available, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No public warrant will
be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their
warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the
exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences
are not satisfied with respect to a public warrant, the holder of such public warrant will not be entitled to exercise such public warrant
and such public warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised
public warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such public warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for
the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but
in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable
best efforts to file with the SEC, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective,
a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain
a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. Notwithstanding the above,
if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies
the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders
of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use our reasonable
best efforts to qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption of Warrants for Cash. Once the
public warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per public warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period, to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 10 trading days within a 20-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the public warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by
us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable
state securities laws. 

We have established the last of the redemption
criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise
price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled
to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may fall below
the 18.00 redemption trigger price as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

5 

Redemption Procedures and Cashless Exercise.
 If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management has the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the
dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our
warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common
stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair
market value. For this purpose, the fair market value shall mean the average closing price of the Class A common stock for
the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants.
If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number
of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such
case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect
of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants
after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option,
our sponsor and its permitted transferees are still entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis
using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required
to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 

A holder of a public warrant may notify us in
writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the
extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s
actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common
stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Anti-Dilution Adjustments. If the
number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by
a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar
event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase
in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase
shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class
A common stock equal to the product of (1) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable
under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock) multiplied
by (2) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair
market value. For these purposes (1) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock,
in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights,
as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (2) fair market value means the volume weighted average price
of Class A common stock as reported during the ten trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares
of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A common
stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible),
other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends of which are dividends up to 0.50 per share per year, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) as a result
of the repurchase of shares of Class A common stock by the company if the proposed initial business combination is presented to the stockholders
of the company for approval, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business
combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount
of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding shares of our Class
A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A common stock
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar
event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease
in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

6 

Whenever the number of shares of Class A common
stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying
the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares
of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of
which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares
of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another entity or conversion of the company
into another type of entity (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result
in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance
to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with
which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the
terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable
and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property
(including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such
sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to
such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other
assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant
will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation
or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders
(other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by stockholders of the
company as provided for in the company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation or as a result of the redemption of shares
of Class A common stock by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the stockholders of the company for
approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of
any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate
or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such
affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) securities representing more
than 50 of the aggregate voting power, including the power to vote on the election of our directors, of our issued and outstanding equity
securities, and (for the avoidance of doubt) such tender offer results in a change of control of us, the holder of a public warrant will
be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled
as a stockholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such
offer and all of the Class A common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to
adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided
for in the warrant agreement. Additionally, if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in
such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities
exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such
event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such
transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the per share consideration minus
Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide
additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant
to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the public warrants. 

7 

The public warrants have been issued in registered
form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
has been filed as an exhibit to the IPO registration statement and contains the description of the terms and conditions applicable to
the warrants. The public warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for
the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description
of the terms of the public warrants and the public warrant agreement as set forth in this prospectus, (ii) adding or changing any provisions
with respect to matters or questions arising under the public warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary
or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants and (iii) providing
for the delivery of an alternative issuance (as defined in the public warrant agreement), provided that the approval by
the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any other modification or amendment, including
any modification or amendment to increase the exercise price of the public warrants or shorten the exercise period, but requires the
approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any other modification or amendment, including
any modification or amendment to increase the exercise price of the public warrants or shorten the exercise period. 

The public warrants may be exercised upon surrender
of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless
basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The public warrant
holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants
and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder
will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The private placement warrants (including the
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30
days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under the IPO registration
statement s section entitled Principal Stockholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, 
to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us. Otherwise,
the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in the
IPO. 

If holders of the private placement warrants elect
to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class
A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the
warrants, multiplied by the excess of the sponsor fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the private
placement warrants by (y) the fair market value. The sponsor fair market value shall mean the average closing price of the
Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent
to the holders of warrants. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific
periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our
securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise
their public warrants and sell the shares of Class A common stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup
the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing
the holders to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

In order to finance transaction costs in
connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors
may, but none of them is obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would
repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business
combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts
but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement
warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such loans, if
any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

8 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will
be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and
does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare
dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant
agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees
against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its
activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified
person or entity. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains certain requirements and restrictions from the time of the IPO that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business
combination. These provisions (other than amendments relating to the appointment of directors, which require the approval of a majority
of at least 90 of our common stock voting in a stockholder meeting) cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least
65 of our common stock and then only if we allow dissenting holders the opportunity to redeem their pro rata interest from the trust
account. Our sponsor, who collectively and beneficially own 20 of our common stock, may participate in any vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and has the discretion to vote in any manner it chooses. Prior to an initial business combination,
we may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Specifically,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to: (1) receive funds from the trust account; or (2) vote on any initial business combination; 

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

9 

if a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rules and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

if required by applicable stock-exchange rules, our initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

if our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets upon consummation of our initial business combination to be less than the minimum amount required such that our Class A common
stock will not become a penny stock as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We have elected to be exempt from the restrictions
imposed under Section 203 of the DGCL. However, our certificate of incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not
engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following
the time that such stockholder becomes an interested stockholder unless: 

prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced (excluding certain shares); or 

on or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of at least two-third of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Generally, a business combination 
includes a merger, asset or stock sale or certain other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject
to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that person s affiliates and associates,
owns, or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of our voting stock. 

10 

Under some circumstances, this provision will
make it more difficult for a person who is an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with us for a three-year
period. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our sponsor and its various affiliates, any of their respective direct or indirect successors and transferees of at least
15 of our outstanding common stock, and any group as to which such persons are party to, will not be deemed to be interested stockholders 
for purposes of this provision. 

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred
stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including
future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved
common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest,
tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive Forum For Certain Lawsuits 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and
employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware
and, if brought outside of the State of Delaware, the stockholder bringing such suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process
on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application
of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our
directors and officers. 

In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of
the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or our directors, officers, other employees or agents. Although
we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to
which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have
the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, although our stockholders will not
be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or
liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange
Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application
of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Any person or
entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have
consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If any action the subject matter of which
is within the scope of the forum provisions is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a foreign
action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the
forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement
action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder. 

11 

Special Meeting of Stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our
stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our chief executive officer or by our chairman, if any. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder
Proposals and Director Nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to
bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of
stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received
by the secretary to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening
of business on the 120th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. If our annual meeting is called for a
date that is not within 45 days before or after such anniversary date, a stockholder s notice will need to be received not earlier
than the opening of business on the 120th day before the meeting and not later than the later of (x) the close of business on the 90th
day before the meeting or (y) the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which we first publicly announce the date of
the annual meeting. 

Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as
to the form and content of a stockholder s notice for an annual meeting. Specifically, a stockholder s notice must include:
(i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the text of the proposal or business and the
reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (ii) the name and record address of such stockholder and the name and address
of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (iii) the class or series and number of shares of our capital stock
owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and by the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (iv) a
description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal
is made and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder,
(v) any material interest of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made in such business
and (vi) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before
such meeting. These notice requirements will be deemed satisfied by a stockholder as to any proposal (other than nominations) if the stockholder
has notified us of such stockholder s intention to present such proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with Rule 14a-8 of the
Exchange Act, and such stockholder has complied with the requirements of such rule for inclusion of such proposal in the proxy statement
we prepare to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our
annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. The foregoing provisions may limit our stockholders 
ability to bring matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by Written Consent 

Any action required or permitted to be taken by
our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written
consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock. 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our board of directors will initially be divided
into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors.
Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders
of our public shares are not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of
an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.
These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by a resolution passed by a majority of
our shares of Class B common stock. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including any vote in connection
with our initial business combination, except as required by law or the applicable rules of NYSE then in effect, holders of our founder
shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. Any vacancy
on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of
a majority of our directors then in office. 

12 

Class B Common Stock Consent Right 

For so long as any shares of Class B common stock
remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common
stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of our certificate of incorporation,
whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or
relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken
at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent
or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having
not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of
Class B common stock were present and voted. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

We have 30,000,000 shares of Class A common stock
outstanding. All of these shares are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for
any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the 7,500,000 Class B founder
shares and all 7,526,667 private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions
not involving a public offering, and are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth in the IPO prospectus. Furthermore, all of the
40,000,000 forward purchase shares are restricted securities under Rule 144. 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially
owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that:
(1) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale;
and (2) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all
required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file
reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted
shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three
months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month
period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding, which will equal 300,000 shares; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also
limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

13 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell
Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities
initially issued by shell companies (other than a business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time
previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are
met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our initial stockholders will be
able to sell their founder shares pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement
warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration
rights pursuant to a registration and stockholder rights agreement requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of
the founder shares, only after conversion into shares of Class A common stock). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make
up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain
 piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statement. 

Pursuant to the forward purchase agreement, we
will use our reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of the initial business combination a registration statement
with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying Class A common
stock), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than 60 days after
the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which our
sponsor or its assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold
publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration statement is declared
effective, cause us to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the forward purchase
agreement provides for certain piggy-back registration rights to the holders of forward purchase securities to include their
securities in other registration statements filed by us. 

In addition, pursuant to the registration and
stockholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon consummation of an initial business combination, is entitled to nominate one person for
election to our board of directors. 

Listing of Securities 

We have listed our units, Class A common stock
and warrants on the NYSE under the symbols MBSC.U , MBSC and MBSC WS , respectively. The common
stock and warrants constituting the units began separate trading on December 13, 2021. 

14 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_m3brigade3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Mohsin Y. Meghji, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of M3-Brigade
Acquisition III Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mohsin Y. Meghji 

Mohsin Y. Meghji 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_m3brigade3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Christopher Good, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of M3-Brigade
Acquisition III Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher Good 

Christopher Good 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_m3brigade3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of M3-Brigade
Acquisition III. Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mohsin Y. Meghji 

Mohsin Y. Meghji 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_m3brigade3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of M3-Brigade
Acquisition III Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher Good 

Christopher Good 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mbsc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mbsc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mbsc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mbsc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mbsc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

