<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1454510_0001683168-23-002005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2229168</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>156229</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>514730</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>526148</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>409185</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>557164</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002005.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331072351
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LNPR GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001454510
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				261381565
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54171
		FILM NUMBER:		23783209

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		175 S. MAIN ST., SUITE 1410
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-699-2928

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		175 S. MAIN ST., SUITE 1410
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW ASIA ENERGY INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150811

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HIGH DESERT ASSETS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141023

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Univest Tech Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090122

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002005.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 lnpr_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark
whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by
any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal quarter,
based on the price at which the common equity was last sold on the OTC Markets on June 30, 2022 was approximately . For purposes
of this computation only, all officers, directors and 10 or greater stockholders of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. 

The number of shares of the registrant s
common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of March 31, 2023, was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 9 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 9 

PART II 
 10 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 10 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 12 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 12 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 15 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 15 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 15 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 15 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 17 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 17 

PART III 
 18 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 18 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 20 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 21 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 22 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 23 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 23 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 25 

SIGNATURES 
 26 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for LNPR Group Inc., a Colorado corporation (the Company ), contains
forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical fact,
contained in this Form 10-K, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues,
projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, 
 target, potential, would, could, should, continue, 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these
identifying words. 

We may not actually achieve
the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking
statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking
statements we make. We have included important cautionary statements in this Form 10-K that we believe could cause actual results or events
to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact
of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make. 

You should read this
Form 10-K and the documents that we have filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results may
be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are made as of the date of this
Form 10-K, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as required by applicable law. 

3 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

As used in this Form 10-K, the terms we, 
 us, our, and the Company refer to LNPR Group Inc., a Colorado corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

Our Business 

NYCEdutec, a wholly owned subsidiary of LNPR Group
Inc., is building a breakthrough artificial intelligence (AI) system for the purpose of teaching the English language for learners across
the globe. We are on pace to release our AI technology across an initial 13 countries in three continents in Q4 of 2023. 

Nearly three billion people are trying to learn
English every day. The market for learning English with digital devices is growing at 250 globally, (26 CAGR) and is projected to spend
 63Billion annually by 2026 [1] . Yet the market is experiencing
a shift away from the traditional classrooms and toward digital and online solutions on personal devices. The most significant reasons
for the market shift are the lack of teachers, the lack of meaningful practice, and the lack of individualized learning based on the learner s
needs. 

We believe our AI-powered Super Teachers 
will solve the problem of human teachers being in short supply. The AI Super Teachers will bring more effective, affordable, and personalized
instruction direct to learners devices. The AI under development has 20 unique engines to provide relevant instruction content
to learners as well as capture and analyze behavioral data from millions of users, therefore enabling high-quality, individualized teaching
on a huge scale. 

We plan to initially offer free access to our
product and, therefore, generating high user adoption. Once we have acquired a high volume of users, we plan to generate revenue via advertising,
in-app purchase and subscription and/or premium upgrade offerings. In particular, we intend to monetize our unique metadata generated
by our users. The AI engine(s) will capture and analyze behavioral data for learning the English language from millions of users across
multiple countries that we believe is not accessible to others. Metadata would include speed of language acquisition across countries,
genders, ages, economic strata, first languages, etc. 

In order to support the operations and the growth
of the business as well as the product development, we raised an initial 1,150,000 in funding in January through February of 2023. We
plan on launching our product in Q4 of 2023 and we plan on raising additional capital to launch our AI product into the market. This raise
will also be used for growth and expansion of brand building, product enhancement, infrastructure, and additional countries beyond the
initial 13 countries we plan on focusing our initial launch, including, Indonesia, India, Malaysia, Myanmar, Thailand, Sri Lanka, U.S.,
Mexico, Panama, UAE, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Qatar, already prepared for product rollout. 

Although there is currently no public market for
our Common Stock, we intend to apply for quotation of our Common Stock on OTCQB during 2024 and we will consider a listing on a senior
exchange (assuming it is in the best interest of shareholders and we comply with listing requirements) within 24 months beyond that as
we grow globally. There can be no assurance that any application for the quotation of our Common Stock on an automated quotation system
will be approved. There also can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority FINRA nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. 

We are led by an experienced President/CEO who
has successfully managed a public company previously, as well as served as VP of digital English products within Pearson Education. Our
executive management consists of senior executives with extensive experience in the global market space of teach English language with
technology. 

_______________ 

[1] 
 Statista Infograph Data 2020 

4 

Principal Products or Services and Their
Markets 

We are focused on developing AI-powered products
focusing on digital English learning. Our targeted markets are Asia, Eastern Europe and Middle East. 

We are in the process of creating the ultimate
 Super Teachers that we believe will replace conventional evening classes and weekend tutors. The AI Super Teachers will
provide instructional content specifically tailored for each learner s English language capability. The Super Teachers will
be analyzing in real time the strengths, weaknesses, mother tongue, age, education background and pace-of-learning of each student. With
that data, the AI provides customized instruction in real time that suits each learner s needs to accelerate English language mastery.
Learning the English language will no longer be the inefficient and rote model from the past of memorizing vocabulary words. With NYCEdutec s
AI English learning system, learning English will be multi-dimensional, dynamic learning that covers all aspects of learning a language
 especially pronunciation, listening comprehension and simulated conversation for practice . 

 Nearly three billion people are trying to learn
English every day while the market is experiencing a shift away from the traditional classrooms and toward digital and online
solutions on personal devices. We believe that the most significant reasons for the market shift are the lack of teachers, the lack of
meaningful practice, and the lack of individualized learning based on the learner s needs. Our AI English learning system will provide
solutions to the market of these three billion people who can learn English in a more flexible and personalized way. 

Distribution Methods for Our Products and
Services 

In order to accelerate adoption of our product
by millions of end users, we have already begun establishing distribution with companies around the world that have large, built-in customer
bases such as mobile wireless networks (aka providers ), webstores, international education publishers and government entities.
We already have established relationships with such entities throughout 13 countries, and we expect to negotiate contracts with them beginning
with a sales focus initially in Southeast Asia and expanding into Eastern Europe and the Middle East geographic markets in Q4 23. 

We have decided to initially focus on Asia due
to the increasing adoption of the digital education system in the Asia-Pacific region, which is anticipated to provide numerous profitable
opportunities for the market players operating in the Digital English language Learning market in the coming years. [2] 

We expect that the distribution inroads we have
made throughout Asia will springboard the viral distribution of our product to the three billion population of South, North and Central
Asia, followed immediately by Middle East countries and Eastern Europe assuming that the distribution contracts are successfully secured. 

Competition 

Historically, the market competition for English
language learning has been by language centers and evening classes. However, the market has been shifting quickly away from in-classroom
instruction and toward learning on personal devices with digital tools. Because this market shift is relatively new (last 10 years), we
do not believe there are currently distinguished or dominant leaders, globally, as it relates to digital tools for language learners.
While numerous English language apps exist, those apps are typically limited in their global reach and tend to focus primarily on the
country from which they are based. For example, in Japan, several English language apps may be created and marketed there, but those apps
are not often seen in the markets of other countries. 

_______________ 

[2] 
 Markets and Research, April 2019 

5 

More specifically, when AI is applied
to digital English language learning, it is difficult to point out a single leading company in the field as AI is relatively new to language
instruction. However, some companies that claim to offer AI-powered English language learning solutions include: 

1. LAIX a company in China that creates products to popularize English learning. 
 
 2. Duolingo a language learning platform marketing that they use AI to personalize the learning experience
for each user. 
 
 3. Babbel States that it uses AI to provide personalized language learning content. 

These are just a few examples of companies that
claim to use AI for teaching English language. Each of the companies has its own unique approach to language learning and the effectiveness
of their solutions may vary depending on the learner s dedication. 

Customers 

Our targeted customers are non-native English-speaking
young adults who would like to improve their English for better prospects and opportunities by learning the English language digitally.
We plan on reaching our target customers through large, built-in customer bases of mobile wireless networks, webstores, international
education publishers and government entities in the B2C markets of Asia, Eastern Europe and Middle East. We aim to reach the three billion
population in these territories who are keen to improve their English language skills for better prospects and opportunities with the
AI English learning system. 

Intellectual Property 

On December 12, 2022,
NYCEdutec entered into a Software License Agreement with NYC English, LLC NYC English ), a Utah limited liability
company which is controlled by the Company s CEO, Mark Emerson. The initial term of the agreement is until December 31, 2024. Unless
terminated pursuant to the agreement, the agreement may be renewed by mutual written agreement of the parties. Each of NYCEdutec and NYC
English may immediately terminate and/or temporarily suspend the agreement at any time in the event of several defaults detailed in the
agreement. 

Pursuant to the agreement,
NYCEdutec is appointed by NYC English as the non-exclusive licensee of all three levels of NYC English software (the Products throughout the world. 

Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, NYCEdutec, we are developing state-of-the-art
AI for English language acquisition. NYCEdutec will have exclusive, world-wide rights in perpetuity to the technology for English language
acquisition that it is developing jointly with its AI development partner AI Tech. 

We own our website, www.nycedutec.com, and we have registered two sets
of domain names listed below: 

NYCEDUTEC.NET 
 AIENGLISHGPT.NET 
 
 NYCEDUTEC.COM 
 AIENGLISHGPT.ORG 

AIENGLISHGPT.ONLINE 

AIENGLISHGPT.AI 

The trademark NYCEdutec design mark has also been created under work
for hire. 

6 

Employees 

As of March
31, 2023, we had no employees and we have contracted those personnel responsible for our operations and development. Most of these personnel
are engaged through independent contractor agreements as they are based in overseas countries nearby the targeted markets and the product
production house. We believe this arrangement provides cost effective solutions to us because of the comparatively low compensation costs
and business development costs due to the close proximity of the targeted markets. 

Corporate History 

LNPR Group Inc. was incorporated as Univest
Tech, Inc. in the State of Colorado on November 6, 2007. The Company was originally formed to develop, and market music based on
technology solutions. 

After several name changes, on December 1, 2017,
the Board of Directors adopted two separate amendments to its Articles of Incorporation: 1) changing the name of the Corporation to LNPR
Group Inc. , and 2) effectuating a 40:1 reverse split of the Company s common stock. The amendments became effective on December
4, 2017 and January 17, 2018, respectively. 

Despite our auditor being located in China,
we shall not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal business operations in the People s Republic
of China (or, the PRC (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Our current auditor, which is located in China,
was appointed by previous management, who had ties to China and Hong Kong. It is our intent to appoint a new auditor, which is based in
the U.S. as soon as is reasonably possible. We have begun the process of searching for a new auditor; however, we have not entered into
an engagement. 

Enforcement of
Civil Liabilities 

The following are the
names of each officer and director located outside of the United States and their place of residence or current location: 

Name of Officer or Director Located Outside of U.S. 
 Place of Residence or Current Location 
 
 Eng Wah Kung, CFO and Director 
 Malaysia 

We are incorporated under the laws of the State
of Colorado with limited liability. Mr. Kung, our CFO and Director, is a national and/or residents of Malaysia, and all or a substantial
portion his assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process
within the United States upon us or Mr. Kung or to enforce against him or against us, judgments obtained in United States courts, including
judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. 

We have appointed Vcorp Services LLC as our agent
to receive service of process with respect to any action brought against us. 

A foreign judgment refers to a judgment that is
handed down by a superior court outside Malaysia. Under Malaysian law, a foreign judgment cannot be directly or summarily executed (enforced)
in Malaysia. The judgment must first be recognized by a Malaysian court either under applicable Malaysian statutes or in accordance with
common law principles. Whilst a court must recognize every foreign judgment which it enforces, it need not enforce every foreign judgment
which it recognizes. 

7 

A foreign judgment pronounced by the United States
may be enforced by the Malaysian Courts through principles for the recognition of foreign judgments under common law. The common law rules
applicable to the recognition of a foreign judgment come within the area of law known as private international law and have been adopted
into Malaysian jurisprudence by virtue of Section 3 of the Civil Law Act 1956. This section allows the application of English Common Law
and rules of equity in Malaysia. A plethora of cases from English courts derived from principles binding on Malaysian courts by virtue
of the Civil Law Act 1956, have established the following requirements for an enforcement of a foreign judgment under the common law: 

(a) 
 
 The judgment is for a fixed sum of debt, (not being a sum payable in taxes or the like); 

(b) 
 
 The judgment is final and conclusive; 

(c) 
 
 The foreign court has a competent jurisdiction to decide on the case. 

The prerequisite that a foreign judgment must
be for a fixed sum excludes the enforcement of declaratory orders and injunctions and claims in rem. 

The test of finality is proof that a judgment
given by the foreign court is res judicata. For this it must be shown that the foreign court has established the existence of the debt
based on the evidence and which conclusively determined a liability on the part of the defendant. In other words, the finality and conclusiveness
of the judgment must base itself on the merits. 

Jurisdictional incompetence of the foreign court
is a common ground for challenging foreign judgements. In order to meet this requirement, the following elements of a jurisdictional competence
were described by Buckley L.J. in Emanuel v Symon as follows: 

(i) 
 
 The defendant is a subject of the foreign country at the time the judgment is pronounced; 

(ii) 
 
 The defendant resides in the foreign country when the action began; 

(iii) 
 
 The defendant has, in character of the plaintiff, selected the forum; 

(iv) 
 
 The defendant has voluntarily appeared and defended the case; or 

(v) 
 
 The defendant has contracted to submit himself to the jurisdiction of the court. 

Presence of the Defendant : A foreign court
may have jurisdiction over a defendant that is present in the jurisdiction of that court Adam v Cape Industries ). When the
defendant is a corporation, the test of presence is to be determined by considering whether the defendant has a place of business in the
foreign country, or whether the corporation has a local representative who has been carrying on the corporation s business in the
foreign country. 

Selection of forum : A person who goes to
the court for a claim must also bind himself to the outcome. Likewise, a defendant who resorts to a counterclaim in a proceeding in a
foreign court clearly submits himself to the jurisdiction thereof. 

A defendant can be said to have submitted himself
to the foreign jurisdiction in the following circumstances. Firstly, when he entered appearance in the foreign action and defended himself
in that suit without contesting the jurisdiction. Secondly, he contested the jurisdiction of the foreign court but nevertheless pleaded
the merits of the case. Thirdly, submission can also be inferred when the defendant did not appear at the first instance but proceeded
to appeal against the judgment at the foreign country. 

8 

Agreement to submit : If a contract provides
that all disputes shall be referred to the exclusive jurisdiction of a foreign court, the foreign court is deemed to have jurisdiction
over the defendant. The agreement to submit to foreign jurisdiction may also come in the form of accepting service of process in the foreign
country. 

Typically, the enforcement of a foreign judgment
under the common law in Malaysia is done by taking out a writ action on the basis of the foreign order or judgment and providing the evidence
of the elements stated above. Once the writ and statement of claim have been served on the defendant and the defendant has entered appearance
to the action, the plaintiff may, on the ground that the defendant has no defense to the action, apply for a summary judgment to be entered
against the defendant. Unless there is a triable issue, the court may give such judgment for the plaintiff by granting an order in terms
of the foreign judgement. [3] 

On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement
of Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Finance of the PRC to allow the PCAOB to inspect and investigate
completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in China and Hong Kong, consistent with the HFCAA, and that the PCAOB will
be required to reassess its determinations by the end of 2022. 

Our auditor has stated that greater Cyberspace
Administration of China (CAC) oversight by the Chinese government does not impact them. 

Our auditor is
subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021 and, due to this, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act and related regulations may have a negative affect our company. 

Our shares of Common Stock may be prohibited from
trading on a national exchange under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCA Act if the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditor for three consecutive years.
Our auditor is subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. If trading in our shares of Common Stock is
prohibited under the HFCA Act in the future because the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully investigate our auditor at such
future time, the Nasdaq may reject listing of our shares of Common Stock. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce the period
of time for foreign companies to comply with PCAOB audits to two consecutive years, instead of three, thus reducing the time period for
triggering the prohibition on trading. See Risk Factors A recent joint statement by the SEC and the PCAOB, proposed rule
changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the HFCA Act each calling for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market
companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive
office is located at 175 S. Main St., Suite 1220, Salt Lake City, UT 84111, for which NYCEdutec pays a monthly rental fee of 100. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We anticipate that we (including any future subsidiaries)
will from time to time become subject to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. It is not feasible to
predict the outcome of any such proceedings and we cannot assure that their ultimate disposition will not have a materially adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. As of the filing of this Form 10-K, we are not a party to any
pending legal proceedings, nor are we aware of any civil proceeding or government authority contemplating any legal proceeding. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

_______________ 

[3] 
The entire section on the enforcement of foreign civil judgments in Malaysia is from: https://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=e7b7e1eb-edb2-410b-acd8-4f0bb9e50d18 

9 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES 

Market Information 

There is currently no
public market for our common stock and we have not applied for the listing or quotation of our common stock on any public market. During
2023, we intend to seek a market maker to file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA to have our common stock quoted on the OTC Pink or OTCQB designation with OTC Markets Group. We currently have no market maker who is
willing to list quotations for our stock. There is no assurance that an active trading market for our shares will develop or will be sustained
if developed. 

The OTC Markets is a
dealer-driven quotation service. Unlike the Nasdaq, companies cannot directly apply to be quoted on the OTC Markets, only market makers
can initiate quotes, and quoted companies do not have to meet any quantitative financial requirements. Any equity security of a reporting
company not listed on the Nasdaq or on a national securities exchange is eligible. 

It is not possible to
predict or guaranty where, if at all, the securities of the Company will be traded in the future. 

Availability of
Rule 144 

We were a shell company
prior to December 12, 2022. Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities issued by companies that are, or previously were, shell
companies, such as our company, unless certain conditions are met. Paragraph (i) of Rule 144 prohibits the use of the rule for resale
of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any
time previously a shell company, except where the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our shareholders
will not be able to sell their shares of our common stock under Rule 144 at least prior to the one-year anniversary of December 12, 2022. 

Holders 

As of the close of business
on March 31, 2023, we had approximately 177 holders of our common stock. The number of record holders was determined from the records
of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers,
dealers, and registered clearing agencies. We have appointed Securitize, 6725 Via
Austi Pkwy Suite 300, Las Vegas, NV 89119 , to act as transfer agent for the common stock. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any
cash dividends on our common stock and do not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that any earnings generated from
future operations will be used to finance our operations. No restrictions exist upon our ability to pay dividends. 

10 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 
 Number of 
securities to be 
issued upon 
exercise of 
outstanding 
options, warrants 
and rights 

Weighted-average 
exercise price of 
outstanding 
options, warrants 
and rights 

Number of 
securities 
remaining 
available for 
future issuance 
under equity 
compensation 
plans (excluding 
securities 
reflected in 
column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

2,327,455 

Total 

2,327,455 

2022 Stock Incentive Plan 

On June 7, 2022, the Board of Directors adopted
the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The purposes of the 2022 Plan are (a) to enhance our ability to attract
and retain the services of qualified employees, officers, directors, consultants, and other service providers upon whose judgment, initiative
and efforts the successful conduct and development of our business largely depends, and (b) to provide additional incentives to such persons
or entities to devote their utmost effort and skill to the advancement and betterment of our company, by providing them an opportunity
to participate in the ownership of our Company and thereby have an interest in the success and increased value of our Company. 

The 2022 Plan is administered by our board of
directors; however, the board of directors may designate administration of the 2022 Plan to a committee consisting of at least two independent
directors. Awards may be made under the Plan for up to 6,500,000 shares of common stock of the Company. Only employees of our Company
or of an Affiliated Company , as defined in the 2022 Plan, (including members of the board of directors if they are employees
of our Company or of an Affiliated Company) are eligible to receive incentive stock options under the 2022 Plan. Employees of our Company
or of an Affiliated Company, members of the board of directors (whether or not employed by our company or an Affiliated Company), and
 Service Providers , as defined in the 2022 Plan, are eligible to receive non-qualified options, restricted stock units, and
stock appreciation rights under the 2022 Plan. All awards are subject to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

No option awards may be exercisable more than
ten years after the date it is granted. In the event of termination of employment for cause, the options terminate on the date of employment
is terminated. In the event of termination of employment for disability or death, the optionee or administrator of optionee s estate
or transferee has six months following the date of termination to exercise options received at the time of disability or death. In the
event of termination for any other reason other than for cause, disability or death, the optionee has 30 days to exercise his or her options. 

11 

The 2022 Plan will continue in effect until all
the stock available for grant or issuance has been acquired through exercise of options or grants of shares, or until ten years after
its adoption, whichever is earlier. Awards under the 2022 Plan may also be accelerated in the event of certain corporate transactions
such as a merger or consolidation or the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all our assets. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 4,172,545
shares of Common Stock awarded with 2,327,455 shares remaining for awards under the 2022 Plan. 

Stock Options 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no stock options
issued. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 

There were no sales of
registered securities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

There were no issuer
purchases of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain certain forward-looking statements. Historical results may not indicate future
performance. Our forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events; are based on assumptions and are subject to
known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements.
Factors that may cause differences between actual results and those contemplated by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, those discussed in the Risk Factors section. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements, including any changes that might result from any facts, events, or circumstances after the date hereof that may bear upon
forward-looking statements. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee future results, events, levels of activity, performance, or achievements 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The following discussions are based upon our financial
statements and accompanying notes, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. 

The preparation of these financial statements
requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses, and related disclosures of contingencies. We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the
financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experiences and assumptions believed to be reasonable under current facts and
circumstances. Actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates made by management. 

12 

Business Overview 

LNPR Group Inc. was incorporated
in the State of Colorado on November 6, 2007. On October 3, 2022, an entity named NYCEdutec LLC NYCEdutec was formed in the State of Utah. On November 22, 2022, the manager of NYCEdutec, Mark Emerson (who also serves as our Chief Executive
Officer and director), approved the issuance to the Company of all of the equity interests of NYCEdutec .
As a result, NYCEdutec is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Prior to the equity issuance to the Company, NYCEdutec had no
operations. 

On December 12, 2022,
NYCEdutec entered into a Software License Agreement with NYC English, LLC NYC English ), a Utah limited liability
company which is controlled by the Company s CEO, Mark Emerson. The initial term of the agreement is until December 31, 2024. Unless
terminated pursuant to the agreement, the agreement may be renewed by mutual written agreement of the parties. Each of NYCEdutec and NYC
English may immediately terminate and/or temporarily suspend the agreement at any time in the event of several defaults detailed in the
agreement. 

Pursuant to the agreement,
NYCEdutec is appointed by NYC English as the non-exclusive licensee of all three levels of NYC English software (the Products throughout the world. During the initial term, NYCEdutec is required to make (or arrange for) minimum purchases of the Products of 1,000,000
in year one and 1,500,000 in year two. The suggested retail price for the Products and the purchase price of the Products by NYCEdutec
will be decided between the parties at a later date. 

Due to the agreement,
as well as other factors, as of December 12, 2022, we ceased being a shell company. 

Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, NYCEdutec,
we are now building artificial intelligence with 20 unique engines to capture and analyze behavioral data from millions of users enabling
high-quality, individualized teaching on a huge scale. Our AI-powered Super Teachers will solve the problem that human teachers
are in short supply and bring more effective, affordable, and personalized teaching to all. We are currently building 'AI English 
to address the growing demand for fluency in English. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

As shown in the accompanying financial statements,
the Company generated net losses of 79,772 and 3,500 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December
31, 2022, the Company s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by 269,962. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1,086
of cash. 

We will require additional funding to finance
the growth of our operations and achieve our strategic objectives. These factors, as relative to capital raising activities, create doubt
as to our ability to continue as a going concern. We are seeking to raise additional capital and are targeting strategic partners in an
effort to accelerate the sales and marketing of our products and begin generating revenues. Our ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon the success of future capital offerings or alternative financing arrangements, expansion of our operations and generating
sales. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as
a going concern. Management is actively pursuing additional sources of financing sufficient to generate enough cash flow to fund its operations;
however, management cannot make any assurances that such financing will be secured. 

Results of Operations during the years ended
December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

We have not generated any revenues during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We had total operating expenses of 51,249 related to general and administrative expenses during
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to total operating expenses of 3,500 during the year ended December 31, 2021. We incurred
zero interest expense during years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a net loss
of 79,772 and 3,500 respectively, mainly due to our general and administrative expenses which includes general administration fees,
audit, professional quarterly review fees and share-based compensation. 

13 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of
 1,086, which represents a 1 increase from the 1,085 cash balance at December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily as a result of funds
advanced from a director. Our working capital deficit at December 31, 2022 was 268,876, as compared to a working capital deficit of 217,627
at December 31, 2021, respectively. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred
a net loss of 79,772. Net cash flows used in operating activities was 35,849 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has incurred
losses from operations of 35,849 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and has an accumulated deficit of 1,141,519 at December 31, 2022,
which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Management believes the Company will continue
to incur losses and negative cash flows from operating activities for the foreseeable future and will need additional equity or debt financing
to sustain its operations until it can achieve profitability and positive cash flows, if ever. Management plans to seek additional debt
and/or equity financing for the Company but cannot assure that such financing will be available on acceptable terms. At the Company s
current rate of expenditure, the Company anticipates being able to maintain current operations for three months; however, management is
proposing to raise any necessary additional funds not provided by operations through loans or through additional sales of equity securities.
There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in raising this additional capital or in achieving profitable operations. 

The Company s continuation as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to ultimately attain profitable operations, generate sufficient cash flow to meet its
obligations, and obtain additional financing as may be required. Our auditors have included a going concern qualification in their
auditors report dated March 31, 2023. Such a going concern qualification may make it more difficult for us to raise funds
when needed. The outcome of this uncertainty cannot be assured. 

The accompanying financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There can be no assurance that management will be successful in
implementing its business plan or that the successful implementation of such business plan will actually improve the Company s operating
results. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

We have provided a discussion of recent accounting
pronouncements in Note 1 to the Condensed Audited Financial Statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our significant accounting policies are described
in the notes to our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

14 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements of the Company are included
beginning on page F-1 immediately following the signature page to this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We have established disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and, as such, is accumulated and communicated to our Chief Executive Officer, Mark Emerson who serves as our principal executive officer,
and our Chief Financial Officer, Eng Wah Kung who serves as our principal accounting and financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Messrs. Emerson and Kung evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. 

Our management does not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system
must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can
be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon
certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

With respect to the year ended December 31, 2022,
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act.
Based upon our evaluation regarding the year ended December 31, 2022, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective. 

15 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting for the Company. Due to limited resources, management conducted an
evaluation of internal controls based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). The results of this evaluation determined that our
internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022, due to material weaknesses. A material weakness in
internal control over financial reporting is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal
control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible
for oversight of our financial reporting. 

Management s assessment identified the following
material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting: 

The small size of our company limits our ability to achieve the desired level of separation of duties to achieve effective internal controls over financial reporting. Although we do have a separate CEO and CFO to review and oversee our financial policies and procedures, which does achieve a degree of separation, until such time as we are able to hire a controller, we do not believe we meet the full requirement for separation. 

We do not have an audit committee. 

We have not achieved the desired level of documentation of our internal controls and procedures. This documentation will be strengthened through utilizing a third-party consulting firm to assist management with its internal control documentation and further help to limit the possibility of any lapse in controls occurring. 

We have not achieved the desired level of corporate governance to ensure that our accounting for all of our contractual and other agreements is in accordance with all of the relevant terms and conditions. 

As a result of the material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting described above, our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 

We will continue to follow the standards for the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) for internal control over financial reporting to include procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records in reasonable detail accurately that fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Despite the material weaknesses in financial reporting
noted above, we believe that our financial statements included in this report fairly present our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows as of and for the years presented in all material respects. 

16 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There has been no change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during the Company s three months
ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable to the
Company. 

17 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Executive Officers and Directors 

The following table sets forth the name, age, and position of each
executive officer and director of the Company: 

Director's Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Mark Emerson 
 59 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Eng Wah Kung 
 60 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Our Chief Executive Officer 

Mr. Emerson was appointed
as an officer and director of the Company effective July 21, 2022. Mr. Emerson is a C level executive who has successfully owned and managed
global digital English language companies for the past 22 years. 

Mr. Emerson entered the
English language learning market in 2000. Later, as President of Ellis Inc, an English language software company he expanded globally.
In 2006, he sold Ellis to the largest education company in the world, Pearson Education, who later asked Emerson to serve as VP over Global
Digital English products. Mr. Emerson grew Pearson s Digital English division significantly and expanded it across the world. 

Mr. Emerson founded NYC English LLC in 2015. NYC
English is a U.S.-based industry leader in English as Second Language, offering users two products
 Software App and Teachers Online. 

Mr. Emerson was appointed as a director of the
Company due to his previous experience with building businesses and scaling them. 

Our Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Kung was appointed as an officer and director
of the Company on August 13, 2021. He holds a Diploma in Hotel Management and Food and Beverage with Les Roches, Switzerland. 

In his earlier days, Mr Kung was the general manager
of several Southeast Asian hotel operations companies including Nha Trang Lodge, Vietnam and NCL Cambodia Pte Ltd. Mr. Kung has over 33
years experience in senior management positions in hotel and travel industry. 

18 

Associations with Companies with a Class of
Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act 

Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kung has been
the CFO and director of Star Alliance International Corp from which he resigned on May 16, 2018. He has also been the director and CEO
for Tribal Rides International Corp., from which he resigned on May 17, 2018. Finally, Mr. Kung was the director and CEO of Glorywin Entertainment
Group Inc., from which he resigned in 2015. 

Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years there have been no events
under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the ability
and integrity of any of our directors or executive officers, and none of these persons has been involved in any judicial or administrative
proceedings resulting from involvement in mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity, any judicial or administrative
proceedings based on violations of federal or state securities, commodities, banking or insurance laws or regulations, or any disciplinary
sanctions or orders imposed by a stock, commodities or derivatives exchange or other self-regulatory organization. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any
of our directors and executive officers. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company s directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities,
to file with the Commission reports regarding initial ownership and changes in ownership. Directors, executive officers, and greater than
10 stockholders are required by the Commission to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Mark
Emerson, Paul Falconer (2), Eng Wah Kung, and Nicola Yip all filed Form 4s past the filing due date. To the knowledge of our management,
there are no Form 4s that should have been filed during the year ended December 31, 2022 that were not filed. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board of Directors had previously adopted
a Code of Ethics; however, current management does not consider that Code of Ethics is valid. As a result, we have not adopted a formal,
written code of ethics due to a small number of members of management. We plan to adopt a Code of Ethics during the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2023. 

19 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation for Named Executive Officers 

The following table shows the executive compensation
paid to our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year Ended Dec. 31, 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Mark Emerson 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 
 CEO and Director (1) 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 
 Paul Falconer (1) 
 2022 
 26,823 (2) 
 26,823 
 
 Former CEO and Director (1) 
 2021 
 0 
 0 

(1) 
 Mr. Emerson was appointed as an officer and director of the Company effective July 21, 2022 along with the resignation of Mr. Falconer from all positions. 

(2) 
 During 2022, Mr. Falconer was awarded an aggregate of 26,822,545 shares of Common Stock. 

Summary Compensation for Directors 

The following table shows the executive compensation
paid to our directors (excluding named executive officers) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year Ended Dec. 31, 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Eng Wah Kung, Director 
 2022 
 250 (1) 
 250 

(1) 
 During 2022, Mr. Kung was awarded 250,000 shares of Common Stock. 

At this time, our Directors do not receive cash
compensation for serving as members of our Board of Directors. The term of office for each Director is until his/her successor is elected
at our annual meeting and qualified. The term of office for each of our officers is at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Board
of Directors has no nominating, auditing committee or a compensation committee. Therefore, the selection of person or election to the
Board of Directors was neither independently made nor negotiated at arm s length. 

Equity Awards 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding
equity awards. 

20 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Principal Shareholders 

The following table and footnotes thereto sets
forth information regarding the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each director and named executive officer
of our Company, (ii) named executive officers, executive officers, and directors of the Company as a group, and (iii) each person known
by us to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. In calculating any percentage in
the following table of common stock beneficially owned by one or more persons named therein, the following table assumes 57,735,382 shares
of Common Stock outstanding. Unless otherwise further indicated in the following table, the footnotes thereto and/or elsewhere in this
report, the persons and entities named in the following table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to the shares set
forth opposite the shareholder s name, subject to community property laws, where applicable. Unless as otherwise indicated in the
following table and/or the footnotes thereto, the address of our named executive officers and directors in the following table is: 175
S. Main St., Suite 1220, Salt Lake City, UT 84111. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 

Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership (1) 

Percent 
 of Class (1) 

Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Mark Emerson, CEO and Director (2) 

24,472,545 

42.39 

Eng Wah Kung, CFO and Director (3) 

250,000 

Paul Falconer, Former CEO and Director (4) 

2,350,000 
 (5) 

4.07 

Executive Officers, Named Executive Officers, and Directors as a Group (Three Persons) 

27,422,545 

47.50 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of March 31, 2023. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the number of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the above table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on the date of this Registration Statement. 

(2) 
 Mark Emerson was appointed as CEO and director effective July 21, 2022. 

(3) 
 Mr. Kung was appointed as CFO and director on August 13, 2021. 

(4) 
 Mr. Falconer was appointed as CEO and director on April 21, 2021 and resigned from all positions effective July 21, 2022. 

(5) 
 Includes 1,700,000 shares owned by Falconer Family Office Limited, which is controlled by Paul Falconer. 

21 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Except as disclosed below, for transactions with
our executive officers and directors, please see the disclosure under EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION above. 

On January 14, 2019, Joseph Grimes was appointed
as an officer and director of the Company. On January 29, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with Mr. Grimes (the Grimes
Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Grimes would sell to the Company certain intellectual property owned by Mr. Grimes in exchange
for 25,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Grimes Shares On March 4, 2020, at Mr. Grimes 
direction, the Company issued 22,000,000 of the Grimes Shares to Bodhisattva Investment Group (an entity controlled by Mr. Grimes) BIG ).
On April 20, 2021, Mr. Grimes resigned from all positions within the Company. On November 29, 2021, the Company and Mr. Grimes entered
into the Mutual General Release and Settlement Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Grimes and BIG agreed to cancel 21,650,000 and retain 350,000
of the Grimes Shares. The remaining 3,000,000 shares consisting of the Grimes Shares had previously been gifted to several individuals
by Mr. Grimes. Management has been attempting to enter into cancellation agreements with those shareholders but has only been successful
in obtaining cancellation agreements from recipients holding an aggregate of 800,000 shares. Management has no assurances that additional
shares will be cancelled and investors should invest under the presumption that the remaining 2,200,000 shares will be issued and outstanding.
As additional shares are issued due to capital raising transactions, investors may be diluted and the value of their investment may decrease. 

On January 25, 2022, the Company issued 23,700,000
common shares at par value for a total of 23,700, which consisted of 22,000,000 shares of Common Stock to Paul Falconer (our CEO and
the owner of FFO and 1,700,000 shares to FFO for services. 

Effective June 7, 2022, we entered into Consulting
Agreement with Yee Yui Advisory Limited, a subsidiary of FFO pursuant to which the Company
issued 650,000 shares to Nicola Yip for consulting services. Ms. Yip is a former director and officer of the Company. 

Effective June 7, 2022, we issued an aggregate
of 4,172,545 shares of Common Stock to our officers and directors in exchange for previous services provided as officers and directors.
The shares were issued under the Company s 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. 

On July 21, 2022, Mark Emerson, our current CEO
and director, purchased 24,472,545 (51 shares from Paul Falconer in a private sale and gained majority control of the Company. 

Effective July 21, 2022, Paul Falconer resigned
as the CEO and director of the Company and Mark Emerson was appointed as the CEO and director. 

Paul Falconer advanced 11,800 to the Company
as of December 31, 2022 for the routine operating expenditure. The advance was unsecured, interest free and payable on demand. Paul Falconer
was the former Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company since the beginning of the last fiscal year for which the Company has
filed an Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Mark Emerson advanced 35,850 to the Company as
of December 31, 2022 for the routine operating expenditure. The advance was unsecured, interest free and payable on demand. Mark Emerson
is currently the Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company. 

Director Independence 

We are not currently subject to listing requirements
of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the board of directors
be independent and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a majority
of independent directors. 

We currently have not established any committees
of the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may designate from among its members an executive committee and one or more other committees
in the future. We do not have a nominating committee or a nominating committee charter. Further, we do not have a policy with regard to
the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date, other than as described above, no security holders
have made any such recommendations. The entire Board of Directors performs all functions that would otherwise be performed by committees.
Given the present size of our board it is not practical for us to have committees. If we are able to grow our business and increase our
operations, we intend to expand the size of our board and allocate responsibilities accordingly. 

22 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Fees Paid 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for professional services
rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in the
quarterly reports and other fees that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 9,500 and 5,000 for the period ended December 31, 2021. 

Audit-Related Fees 

There were no fees billed for assurance and related
services by our principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements,
other than those reported above, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees 

There were no fees billed for professional services
rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees 

There were no other fees billed for products or
services provided by the principal accountants, other than those previously reported above, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

Audit Committee 

We do not have an Audit Committee; therefore,
the Board of Directors has considered whether the non-audit services provided by our auditors to us are compatible with maintaining the
independence of our auditors and concluded that the independence of our auditors is not compromised by the provision of such services.
Our Board of Directors pre-approves all auditing services and permitted non-audit services, including the fees and terms of those services,
to be performed for us by our independent auditor prior to engagement. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Financial Statements 

The following financial statements are filed with
this Form 10-K: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Audited Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

23 

Exhibits 

The following exhibits are included with this
Form 10-K: 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
 Date 

Filed or 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation dated November 6, 2007 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-159315 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/18/09 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment dated May 13, 2014 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-54171 
 
 3.01 
 
 5/19/14 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment dated September 13, 2017 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 3.3 
 
 1/28/22 

3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment dated October 20, 2017 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 3.4 
 
 1/28/22 

3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment dated December 4, 2017 (Reverse Split) 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/5/18 

3.6 
 
 Articles of Amendment dated December 4, 2017 (Name Change) 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/5/18 

3.7 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-159315 
 
 3.2 
 
 5/18/09 

10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated January 29, 2019 between the Company and Bodhisattva Investment Group, LLC 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/28/22 

10.2 
 
 Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement dated November 29, 2021 between the Company and Bodhisattva Investment Group, LLC 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/28/22 

10.3 
 
 Share Cancellation Agreement and Release dated December 2, 2021 between the Company and Christophe Martino 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.3 
 
 1/28/22 

10.4 
 
 Share Cancellation Agreement and Release dated December 2, 2021 between the Company and Michelle Monohan 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.4 
 
 1/28/22 

10.5 
 
 Share Cancellation Agreement and Release dated December 2, 2021 between the Company and Aika Patel 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.5 
 
 1/28/22 

10.6 
 
 Share Cancellation Agreement and Release dated November 30, 2021 between the Company and Baywall Inc. 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.6 
 
 1/28/22 

10.7 
 
 Share Cancellation Agreement and Release dated February 23, 2022 between the Company and Peter Grimes 
 
 Form 10/A 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.7 
 
 9/12/22 

10.8 
 
 Share Cancellation Agreement and Release dated February 23, 2022 between the Company and Kirkland Family Trust 
 
 Form 10/A 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.8 
 
 9/12/22 

10.9 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated effective June 7, 2022 with Falconer Family Office Limited later assigned to Yee Yui Advisory Limited 
 
 Form 10/A 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.9 
 
 9/12/22 

10.10 
 
 Services Agreement dated August 16, 2018 between the Company and Peter Grimes 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.7 
 
 1/28/22 

10.11 
 
 Services Agreement dated August 16, 2018 between the Company and Susan Accongio 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.8 
 
 1/28/22 

10.12 
 
 Services Agreement dated August 16, 2018 between the Company and Karen Andrea Design 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.9 
 
 1/28/22 

10.13 
 
 Services Agreement dated August 16, 2018 between the Company and Arthur G. Woodward 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.10 
 
 1/28/22 

24 

10.14 
 
 Services
 Agreement dated August 1, 2018 between the Company and Erica Presley 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.11 
 
 1/28/22 

10.15 
 
 Services
 Agreement dated August 1, 2018 between the Company and Michelle Gregory 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.12 
 
 1/28/22 

10.16 
 
 Services
 Agreement dated August 1, 2018 between the Company and Rachell Vasquez 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.13 
 
 1/28/22 

10.17 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement dated effective January 13, 2022 with Falconer Family Office Limited 
 
 Form 10 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.14 
 
 1/28/22 

10.18 
 
 2022
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Form 10/A 
 
 000-54171 
 
 10.18 
 
 9/12/22 

10.19 
 
 Software License Agreement dated December 12, 2022 with NYC English, LLC 

X 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by Principal Executive Officer 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File
 because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

X 

_________________ 

 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

25 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

LNPR GROUP INC. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Emerson 

Mark Emerson, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Eng Wah Kung 

Eng Wah Kung, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

NAME 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Mark Emerson 
 Mark Emerson 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Eng Wah Kung 
 Eng Wah Kung 
 
 Director and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 

26 

LNPR GROUP INC. 

Index to Financial Statements 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Audited Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 

Audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of LNPG Group Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of LNPR Group Inc. and its subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ JTC Fair Song CPA Firm 

 CPA Firm 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB Firm ID: 2747 

F- 2 

LNPR GROUP INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

LIABILITIES 

Current liabilities 

Other Payables and Accruals 

Amount due to a director 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock, par value per share; Authorized shares; issued and outstanding - - shares. 

Common Stock, par value per share; Authorized shares; Issued and outstanding and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Capital paid in excess of par value 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

LNPR GROUP INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating Expenses: 

General and Administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Net Operating Loss 

Share-based compensation 

Provision for Income Tax 

Net Loss 

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 

Comprehensive Loss 

Net Loss Per Common Share - Basic 

Net Loss Per Common Share - Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LNPR GROUP INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Number of Common Shares Issued 
 Common Stock 
 Capital Paid in Excess of Par Value 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Cancellation of common stock 

Issuance of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LNPR GROUP INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Share Based Compensation 

Accrued expense and other payable 

Cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advance from a director 

Net cash from financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Effects on changes in foreign exchange rate 

Cash at beginning of the year 

Cash at end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure information: 

Income taxes paid 

Interest paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LNPR GROUP INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

potentially dilutive instruments
outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

shares of par value common stock. 

The following are issuances and cancellations
of equity securities by the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

On November 29, 2021, the Company entered into
a mutual general release and settlement agreement with Bodhisattva Investment Group to cancel shares previously issued to the
entity. 

On November 30, 2021, the Company entered into
a share cancellation agreement with Baywall Inc. to cancel shares previously issued to the entity. 

On December 2, 2021, the Company entered into
share cancellation agreements with Christophe Martino, Michelle Monohan, and, Aika Patel, individually, to cancel an aggregate of 
shares previously issued to them. 

As of January 25, 2022, the Company cancelled
 common shares for a total consideration of and issued common shares at par value for a total of 
which consisted of shares of Common Stock to Paul Falconer (the Company s former-CEO and director and the owner of Falconer
Family Office FFO and shares to FFO for services. 

On February 23, 2022, the Company entered into
a Mutual General Release and Settlement Agreement with Peter Grimes pursuant to which Mr. Grimes agreed to cancel shares previously
issued to him. 

On February 23, 2022, we entered into a Mutual
General Release and Settlement Agreement with Kirkland Family Trust pursuant to which the trust agreed to cancel shares previously
issued to it. 

On July 20, 2022, the Company issued common
shares at par value for a total of to Nicola Yip, the former director of the Company, for consulting services. 

On July 20, 2022, a total of shares
at par value for a total of were issued to the directors of the Company for their services under the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan
which was adopted on June 7, 2022. 

On July 21, 2022, Mark Emerson purchased 24,472,545
(51 shares from Paul Falconer in a private sale and gained majority control of the Company. Mr. Falconer has resigned as a director
and officer of the Company. 

SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 

The following table summarizes the Company's total share-based compensation
expense recognized in operating overhead expense, as applicable: 

Restricted Common Shares shares awards to consultants for service 

Total Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

As of January 25, 2022, the Company cancelled
23,350,000 common shares for a total consideration of 23,350 and issued 23,700,000 common shares at par value for a total of 23,700
which consisted of 22,000,000 shares of Common Stock to Paul Falconer (the Company s former-CEO, director and the owner of FFO and
1,700,000 shares to FFO for services. 

Effective June 7, 2022, the Company entered into
Consulting Agreement with Yee Yui Advisory Limited, a subsidiary of FFO pursuant to which the Company issued 650,000 shares to Nicola
Yip for consulting services. 

Effective June 7, 2022, the Company issued an
aggregate of 4,172,545 shares of Common Stock to our officers and directors in exchange for previous services provided as officers and
directors. The shares were issued under the Company s 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. The Shares were fully earned, validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable securities of the Company. 

2022 Stock Incentive Plan 

The LNPR Group, Inc. 2022 Stock Incentive Plan
(the Stock Incentive Plan provides for the issuance of up to Common Stock subject to adjustment as to the number
and kind of shares. The Stock Incentive Plan authorizes the Company to grant incentive and non-qualified options and to grant restricted
stock awards and units of the Company s Common Stock. The Board of Directors will be the initial administrator of the Stock Incentive
Plan and will have the powers and authority set forth in the Stock Incentive Plan to grant options and restricted stock awards. 

Basic weighted average outstanding shares of common stock 

Dilutive effects of common share equivalents 

Dilutive weighted average outstanding shares of common stock 

Net loss per share of common stock - basic and diluted 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax asset 

On November 29, 2021, a total of shares
held by Bodhisattva Investment Group, a substantial shareholder of the Company, were cancelled. 

NYCEdutec entered into a Software License Agreement
(the Agreement with NYC English, LLC NYC English ), a Utah limited liability company which is controlled
by the Company s CEO, Mark Emerson. Pursuant to the Agreement, NYCEdutec is required to make (or arrange for) minimum purchases
of the Products of 1,000,000 in year one and 1,500,000 in year two. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there was no purchase
transaction made by NYCEdutec. 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company issued (i) shares of common Stock to Paul Falconer, the Company s former CEO and director of the Company
and the owner of FFO and shares to FFO for consulting and director services, (ii) shares of common stock to Nicola
Yip, the former director and officer of the Company for consulting and director services, shares of common stock to Eng Wah Kung,
the CFO and the director of the Company for director service. There was no share-based payment made in the fiscal year ended December
31, 2021. 

Paul Falconer advanced to the Company
as of December 31, 2022 for the routine operating expenditure. The advance was unsecured, interest free and payable on demand. Paul Falconer
was the former Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company since the beginning of the last fiscal year for which the Company has
filed an Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Mark Emerson advanced to the Company as
of December 31, 2022 for the routine operating expenditure. The advance was unsecured, interest free and payable on demand. Mark Emerson
is currently the Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company. 

F- 13 

<EX-10.19>
 2
 lnpr_ex1019.htm
 SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 12, 2022 WITH NYC ENGLISH, LLC

Exhibit 10.19 

NYC ENGLISH 

SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

DECEMBER 12, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

1. APPOINTMENT AS AUTHORIZED NYC ENGLISH Licensee 
 2 
 
 2. OBLIGATIONS OF Licensee 
 3 
 
 3. OBLIGATIONS OF NYC ENGLISH 
 5 
 
 4. PURCHASE ORDER PROCEDURE 
 5 
 
 5. PRICES AND PAYMENT 
 6 
 
 6. SHIPMENT, RISK OF LOSS AND DELIVERY 
 7 
 
 7. REPORTING, RECORDS AND INSPECTION 
 7 
 
 8. LOGO, TRADENAME USE AND LABELING OF SPECIFIED PRODUCTS 
 7 
 
 9. TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES 
 7 
 
 10. TERM AND TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT 
 8 
 
 11. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 
 9 
 
 12. INDEMNIFICATION 
 10 
 
 13. WARRANTIES 
 10 
 
 14. EXECUTION OF AGREEMENT AND CONTROLLING LAW 
 11 
 
 15. MISCELLANEOUS 
 11 

Exhibit A Schedule of Specified Products 
 A-1 

Exhibit B Territory 
 B-1 

Exhibit C Business Plan 
 C-1 

Exhibit D Sales Forecast 
 D-1 

NYC ENGLISH 

SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

 NON-EXCLUSIVE NYCEdutec LLC. 

This International Licensee 
Agreement Agreement is made as of the _12, DECEMBER 2022 , (the Effective Date ),
by and between NYC ENGLISH, LLC , a Utah limited liability company, USA NYC English ), and NYCEdutec
LLC. , hereafter referred to as licensee . 

INTRODUCTION 

A. NYC
English is engaged in the business of developing, distributing and selling products and programs, including the specified products
and programs listed in Exhibit A hereto. The specified products listed in Exhibit A , as it may be amended or modified from
time to time by NYC English , are hereafter referred to as Specified Products . This Agreement pertains only to the
Specified Products and not to any other products which are now, or may hereafter be, developed, licensed or sold by NYC English . 

B. Licensee 
desires to purchase from NYC English (or otherwise arrange the sale to a third party), and NYC English desires to sell the
Specified Products. 

C. NYC
English and licensee desire that licensee act as an independent, Licensee of the Specified
Products on an exclusive basis in the Territory (as hereafter defined) under the terms and conditions set forth below. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing, and of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, NYC English and licensee agree
as follows: 

1. 
APPOINTMENT AS AUTHORIZED NYC ENGLISH LICENSEE 

a. 
 Appointment . NYC English hereby appoints licensee 
as the non-exclusive Licensee of the Specified Products, solely within the area or areas specified in the attached Exhibit
B (the Territory ). licensee hereby accepts such appointment on the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement. Licensee hereby represents and warrants to NYC English that Licensee has confirmed
with its own legal counsel licensed to practice law in each jurisdiction specified on Exhibit B to the effect that (i) this
Agreement has been duly authorized by licensee ; (ii) this Agreement is legal, valid and enforceable in accordance with its
terms; (iii) the relationship of licensee and NYC English shall be as set forth in Section 11; and (iv) NYC English 
may rely on the opinions of such counsel. 

b. 
 Limitations on Distribution Rights . licensee s
 appointment is limited to distribution of the Specified Products to consumers within the Territory. Licensee shall not,
without the prior written consent of NYC English , (i) advertise, promote, market, solicit or actively seek sales of Specified Products
outside the Territory, (ii) establish an office outside the Territory through which orders for the Specified Products are solicited, (iii)
sell Specified Products via the Internet except through the licensee s own website to customers in the Territory.
If licensee receives a purchase order or inquiry, or otherwise becomes aware of any opportunity regarding the potential
sale of the Specified Products (or any other NYC English products) outside the Territory, Licensee shall promptly
provide NYC English with written notice thereof and copies of any related documents. 

c. 
 Sale Conveys No Right to Create, Develop or Modify; Reservation of Rights .
Specified Products are offered for sale and are sold by NYC English subject in every case to the conditions that such sale does
not convey any license, expressly or by implication, to develop, modify, license, duplicate or otherwise copy or reproduce any of the
Specified Products WITHOUT CONSENT FROM NYC ENGLISH LLC. No express or implied license or other rights of any kind are granted to Licensee 
regarding the Specified Products (or any other NYC English products) and Licensee acknowledges that the Specified
Products (and all other NYC English products) and all right, title and interest therein, including without limitation any copyright,
patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right in and to such products are the sole property of NYC English and its
suppliers. NYC English reserves all rights not expressly granted herein. 

d. 
 Sub- Licensee s . Licensee shall not,
without the prior written consent of NYC English , appoint any sub- Licensee s or agents (collectively sub-
 Licensee s to promote or distribute the Specified Products (or any other NYC English products) within or outside
the Territory. 

2 

2. 
OBLIGATIONS OF LICENSEE 

The parties acknowledge that
each of Licensee s obligations listed below is essential to the relationship proposed and that any breach of the obligation
will seriously harm NYC English s commercial reputation and goodwill. 

a. 
 General Obligations of Licensee . 

(i) 
 Best Efforts Marketing . licensee represents that it has both the willingness and the capacity, financial and otherwise,
to adequately serve the market for Specified Products in the Territory. licensee covenants that it shall consistently use
its best efforts to further the promotion, marketing, and distribution of the Specified Products in the Territory. 

(ii) 
 Competing Products . Unless otherwise authorized with the written consent of NYC English , licensee shall refrain
from, and shall cause its affiliates, sub- Licensee s, agents and representatives to refrain from, selling, distributing,
marketing, advertising, promoting the sale of or soliciting purchase orders for, directly or indirectly, any product that, in NYC English s 
reasonable judgment, is competitive with or similar to the Specified Products. The obligations of licensee under this Section
2(a)(ii) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for a period of twelve (12) months. Licensee 
acknowledges and agrees that this Section 2(a)(ii) is reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of NYC English 
because of the relationships with the consumers of its products, marketing and know-how and market and product knowledge that licensee 
will acquire in connection with its activities under this Agreement and because of licensee s access to Proprietary
Information of NYC English . Notwithstanding the foregoing, licensee is encouraged to sell and offer non-competing
products and not to rely solely on this Agreement and the sale of the Specified Products as its sole source of income. Licensee 
hereby represents and warrants that it is customarily engaged in an independently established trade, occupation, profession, or business,
and that it advertises for its independent business or trade and that this Agreement is not licensee s sole source
of income. 

(iii) 
 Conduct of Business . licensee agrees: (a) to conduct its business in a manner that reflects favorably at all
times on the Specified Products and the good name, goodwill and reputation of NYC English ; (b) not to engage in any deceptive,
misleading or unethical practices that are or might be detrimental to NYC English , the Specified Products, or the public, including
but not limited to disparagement of NYC English or the Specified Products; (c) to make no false or misleading representations
with regard to NYC English or the Specified Products; (d) not to publish or employ or cooperate in the publication or employment
of any misleading or deceptive advertising material; (e) to make no representations, warranties or guarantees to customers or to
the trade with respect to the specifications, features or capabilities of the Specified Products which are inconsistent with the literature
distributed by NYC English , including all warranties and disclaimers contained in such literature; and (f) not to sell the
Specified Products to any dealer or organization that engages in illegal or deceptive trade practices such as bait and switch techniques
or any other practices proscribed under law or this section. 

(iv) 
 Technical Capability; Customer Support . Licensee shall have the technical capability, including, without limitation,
business phone lines, internet connections and other technical equipment to enable it to promote, market and advertise to consumers the
features and capabilities of the Specified Products and the differences between such products and competing products. Licensee 
shall be the primary point of contact on all technical issues and customer support for the Specified Products sold in the Territory or
by Licensee . Licensee shall employ a sufficient number of personnel having the knowledge and training necessary
to cause effective distribution, technical assistance and customer support for the Specified Products commensurate Licensee s 
obligations under this Agreement. Licensee shall also hire and maintain a sufficient number of personnel to provide customer
service and shipping services in connection with the distribution of the Specified Products. Licensee agrees to conduct
or provide for any training of its personnel which may be necessary to impart such knowledge and shall extend complete cooperation to
 NYC English in any product education programs which NYC English may establish. 

(v) 
 Financial Condition . Licensee warrants and represents that it is in good financial condition, solvent and able to
pay its bills when due. Licensee shall maintain and employ in connection with Licensee s business under
this Agreement such working capital and net worth as may be required in the reasonable opinion of NYC English to enable Licensee 
to carry out and perform all of Licensee s obligations and responsibilities under this Agreement; and from time to
time, on reasonable notice by NYC English , Licensee shall furnish such financial reports and other financial data
as NYC English may reasonably request as necessary to determine Licensee s financial condition. 

3 

(vi) 
 Adaptation for Local Market . Licensee may, at its sole cost and expense, translate or rephrase, if necessary, the
advertising and promotional materials of the Specified Products into the language or phraseology of the Territory. Licensee 
shall consult with NYC English as to such changes that may be required to the advertising and promotional materials of the Specified
Products pursuant to this Section 2(a)(vii), and shall obtain NYC English s prior written consent to each such change. Licensee 
acknowledges and agrees that, unless otherwise agreed by NYC English and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
 NYC English shall not have any obligation to warrant or repurchase any Specified Products so modified by Licensee .
The copyright to all translations and alterations for the Specified Products shall remain the sole property of NYC English , and
 Licensee hereby agrees to take all steps necessary to provide copyright protection of the translations in the name of NYC
English , and to assign to NYC English any rights it may have therein. 

(vii) 
 Market Information and Planning; Consumer Relationships . Licensee shall promptly advise NYC English concerning
any market information that may come to Licensee s attention respecting NYC English, the Specified Products, NYC English s
market position, or the continued competitiveness of the Specified Products in the marketplace, including but not limited to charges,
complaints, or claims by consumers, or other persons, about NYC English or the Specified Products. Licensee shall
reasonably resolve all consumer complaints related to the Specified Products . NYC English and Licensee shall reasonably
agree on any credits resulting from any such complaints; provided, however, Licensee shall not resolve any complaint (or
group of related/similar complaints) with any party(ies) relating to Specified Products, claims or damages in excess of US 1,000.00,
in the aggregate, without the prior written consent of NYC English . Licensee shall confer from time to time, at the
request of NYC English, on matters relating to market conditions, sales forecasting and product planning. 

(viii) 
 Compliance with Laws . Licensee shall be responsible for compliance with all requirements established by governmental
authorities within the Territory, including but not limited to customs and registration requirements and technical product standards,
paying any and all customs charges and duty fees, and any and all other legal or other requirements governing the use, importation, exportation,
re-exportation, sale, distribution and advertising of the Specified Products in the Territory or which are otherwise necessary or useful
for the implementation of this Agreement. Without limitation of the foregoing, Licensee shall not engage in any unfair or
illegal trade practices. Licensee will provide to NYC English such documentation and certifications as may be required
for compliance with the export control laws of the United States. Licensee shall comply with all applicable national, state,
regional and local laws and regulations in performing its duties hereunder and in any of its dealings with respect to the Specified Products.
 Licensee acknowledges that NYC English is subject to certain United States laws, including but not limited to the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development s Convention on Combating Bribery
of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions and any amendments thereto, which apply to activities carried out on
 NYC English s behalf outside the United States. Licensee agrees to (a) neither to take nor omit to take
any action if such act or omission might cause NYC English to be in violation of any such laws; and (b) be solely responsible for
compliance with all applicable United States export laws, rules, and regulations. In distributing the Specified Products, Licensee 
agrees to keep such books and records and to take such other actions as may be required by applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Without
limiting the foregoing, Licensee shall not distribute or license the Specified Products (i) in any country that is subject
to the United States export restrictions, or to any national of any such country, wherever located, who intends to transmit or transport
the Specified Products back to such country, or (ii) to any person or entity who has been prohibited from participating in United States
export transactions by any federal agency of the United States government. 

(ix) 
 Governmental Approval . If any approval with respect to this Agreement, or the registration thereof, shall be required at any time
during the term of this Agreement, with respect to giving legal effect to the Agreement in the Territory, or with respect to compliance
with exchange regulations or other requirements so as to assure the right of remittance abroad of US dollars pursuant to Section 4 hereof,
 Licensee shall immediately take whatever steps may be necessary in this respect, and any charges incurred in connection
therewith shall be for the account of Licensee . Licensee shall keep NYC English currently informed of its
efforts in this connection. NYC English shall be under no obligation to ship Specified Products to Licensee hereunder
until Licensee has provided NYC English with satisfactory evidence that such approval or registration is not required,
or that it has been obtained. 

(x) 
 Non-solicitation of NYC English Employees . During the term of the Agreement, including any renewal term, and for a period of twelve
(12) months after termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit and hire any person
who, during the year immediately preceding such hiring, has been an employee of NYC English . 

4 

b. 
 Advertising, Marketing and Promotion by Licensee .
 Licensee hereby commits, at its own cost and expense, to undertake the following advertising, marketing and promotional
activities: 

(i) 
 Advertising/Public Relation . Licensee shall develop and execute an advertising campaign reasonably acceptable to
 NYC English ; and 

(ii) 
 Marketing/Promotional Materials . Licensee shall develop a targeted marketing plan to aid in the sale of the Specified
Products reasonably acceptable to NYC English . 

c. 
 Submission of Business Plan . No later than 60 days following
the Effective Date, Licensee shall submit to NYC English a detailed marketing plan in the form substantially set
forth in the attached Exhibit C (the Business Plan ). Such Business Plan shall include the obligations set
forth in Sections 2(b) and 2(d) and describe in detail Licensee s advertising and marketing efforts planned with respect
to the distribution of the Specified Products. 

d. 
 Minimum Commitment . During the Initial Term hereof, Licensee 
shall make (or arrange for) minimum purchases of the Specified Products in accordance with the sales forecast set forth in Exhibit
D (the Sales Forecast ). Such Sales Forecast shall contain a written forecast of the minimum number of units of
each Specified Product, on a product-by-product basis, that Licensee commits to purchase (or arrange to be purchased) each
quarter during the term of this Agreement . Licensee agrees that the amounts set forth in the Sales Forecast for each quarter
shall be treated as separate and distinct obligations and shall not be cumulative in evaluating Licensee s performance
hereunder. The parties acknowledge and agree that such minimum purchase requirements have been mutually established after due consideration
of the market for the Specified Products in the Territory and represent the minimum quantities that a Licensee should be
able to sell in the Territory using reasonable efforts. In the event that Licensee fails to meet the minimum purchase requirements
set forth in the Sales Forecast, NYC English may elect to (i) terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 10(c), (ii) modify
the Territory, or (iii) waive such minimum purchase requirements for the relevant period. 

3. 
OBLIGATIONS OF NYC ENGLISH 

a. 
 Delivery of Specified Products . The parties hereto understand
and agree that NYC English is the sole party responsible for filling the orders received from Licensee for the Specified
Products. The parties agree that NYC English may at any time during the term of this Agreement designate a third party to produce
the Specified Products in accordance with the quality standards established by NYC English . Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, NYC English may do any of the following without notice and without liability to Licensee : 

(i) 
Alter the specifications for any Specified Product or make any other improvements or modifications thereto; 

(ii) 
Discontinue the development of any improvements or modifications of a Specified Product, whether or not such improvements or modifications
have been announced publicly and discontinue the sale of any Specified Product; and 

(iii) 
Commence the development and distribution of new products or a new version of a Specified Product having features which may make any Specified
Product wholly or partially obsolete, whether or not Licensee is granted any distribution rights in respect of such new
products. 

b. 
 Assistance . NYC English agrees to provide Licensee 
with reasonable assistance of NYC English s technical, sales, and service personnel as NYC English deems appropriate.
Except as otherwise agreed by NYC English and Licensee , such assistance shall be without charge to the Licensee . 

4. 
PURCHASE ORDER PROCEDURE 

a. 
 Initial Purchase Requirement . Unless otherwise set forth
on Exhibit A , there shall not be an initial purchase requirement upon the execution of this Agreement. 

5 

b. 
 Orders and Acceptance . Licensee shall order
Specified Products by delivering a purchase order to NYC English by through the Licensee Store website made available
by NYC English (the Store Website or such other order process established by NYC English . All orders for
Specified Products placed in accordance with the instructions set forth on the Store Website. All such orders shall be subject to acceptance
by NYC English at its principal place of business and shall not be binding until the earlier of (x) such acceptance; or (y) shipment,
and then only as to the portion of the order actually shipped. All orders placed by Licensee shall be subject to the terms
of this Agreement as well as the terms and conditions of the Store Website. In the event of a conflict between the information contained
in any purchase order and this Agreement, this Agreement shall control. 

c. 
 Terms and Conditions . The terms and conditions of this
Agreement and of the applicable NYC English invoice or confirmation will apply to each order accepted or shipped by NYC English 
hereunder. The terms and conditions of Licensee s form of purchase order or other business forms will not apply to
any order notwithstanding NYC English s acknowledgement or acceptance of such order. Licensee hereby waives
any such provisions inconsistent with this Agreement. 

d. 
 Cancellation of Orders . NYC English reserves the
right to cancel any orders placed by Licensee and accepted by NYC English as set forth above, or to refuse or delay
shipment thereof, if Licensee (i) fails to make any payment as provided herein or under the terms of payment set forth
in any invoice or otherwise agreed to by NYC English and Licensee , (ii) fails to meet credit or financial requirements
established by NYC English, including any limitations on allowable credit, or (iii) otherwise fails to comply with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement. NYC English also reserves the right to discontinue the development or sale of any or all of the
Specified Products at any time, and to cancel any orders for such discontinued products without liability of any kind to Licensee 
or to any other person. No such cancellation, refusal or delay will be deemed a termination (unless NYC English so advises Licensee or breach of this Agreement by NYC English . 

5. 
PRICES AND PAYMENT 

a. 
 Prices . NYC English agrees to sell the Specified
Products and Licensee agrees to purchase (or arrange for purchase) such products at the prices set forth in Exhibit A 
attached hereto. NYC English shall have the right, from time to time, at its sole discretion, to change the list of the Specified
Products. In any such instance, NYC English shall issue a new Exhibit A to Licensee reflecting such change,
which shall, as of the effective date stated thereon, supersede the prior Exhibit A . Notwithstanding the foregoing, NYC English 
shall only have the right to change the prices in Exhibit A at any time following the Initial Term of this Agreement following
thirty (30) days prior written notice to Licensee . The difference between Licensee s purchase price
for the Specified Products and Licensee s selling price to Licensee s customers shall be Licensee s 
sole remuneration for the sale of the Specified Products. 

b. 
 Taxes, Tariffs, Fees . NYC English s prices
to Licensee do not include any national, state or local sales, use, value-added or other taxes, customs, duties or similar
fees which NYC English may be required to pay or collect upon the sale or delivery of Specified Products or upon collection of
the sales price. Should any such tax or levy be made, Licensee agrees to promptly pay the same and indemnify NYC English 
for any claim for such tax or levy demanded. Licensee represents and warrants to NYC English that all Specified Products
acquired hereunder are for redistribution in the ordinary course of Licensee s business, and Licensee 
agrees to provide NYC English with appropriate resale certificate numbers and other documentation satisfactory to the applicable
taxing authorities to substantiate any claim of exemption from any such taxes or fees. 

c. 
 Payment Terms . All payments shall be made in United States
Dollars, free of any withholding tax, currency control or other restriction to NYC English at the address designated by NYC
English . Unless otherwise agreed to by NYC English in writing, at the time of submission of any order for Specified Products
purchased hereunder, Licensee shall pay in cash or by wire transfer the amount of the aggregate purchase price of the Specified
Products ordered (plus any applicable taxes, shipping and other charges) at the time of the order. Payments made by wire transfer shall
be made to NYC English s bank account as directed by NYC English from time to time. 

d. 
 Credit Terms . In lieu of payment for the Specified Products
pursuant to section 4(c) hereof, NYC English may, by written notice to Licensee , allow Licensee to
purchase Specified Products on open account, with payment due thirty (30) days from the date of invoice. 

e. 
 Acceleration for Default . NYC English reserves
the right, upon written notice to Licensee , to declare all sums on open account immediately due and payable in the event
of a breach by Licensee of any of its obligations to NYC English , including the failure of Licensee 
to comply with credit terms and limitations. Furthermore, NYC English reserves the right at all times to vary, change or limit
the amount or duration of credit to be allowed to Licensee , either generally or with respect to any particular order. 

6 

f. 
 Attorneys Fees/Interest . In the event that it
becomes necessary for NYC English to institute litigation to collect sums owed by Licensee for Specified Products
purchased hereunder or to otherwise enforce NYC English rights hereunder, Licensee shall be responsible for reasonable
attorneys fees and other costs incurred by NYC English in connection with such collection efforts (litigation or otherwise).
Interest shall accrue on any delinquent amounts owed by Licensee for Specified Products at the greater of 1.5 per month
or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. 

6. 
SHIPMENT, RISK OF LOSS AND DELIVERY 

a. 
 Delivery . NYC English will use reasonable efforts
to meet Licensee s requested delivery schedules for Specified Products, but NYC English reserves the right
to refuse, cancel or delay shipment to Licensee when Licensee s credit is impaired, when Licensee 
is delinquent in payments, or fails to meet other credit or financial requirements established by NYC English , or when Licensee 
has failed to perform its obligations under this Agreement. NYC English shall not be liable for any damages, direct, consequential,
special or otherwise, to Licensee or to any other person for failure to deliver or for any delay or error in delivery of
Specified Products for any cause whatsoever. 

b. 
 Force Majeure . NYC English shall not be responsible
for any failure to perform due to unforeseen circumstances or to causes beyond NYC English s reasonable control, including
but not limited to acts of God, war, riot, embargoes, legal injunctions or restrictions, acts of civil or military authorities, fire,
floods, accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation, facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials. In the event of any such delay,
 NYC English may defer the delivery date for a period equal to the time of such delay. 

7. 
REPORTING, RECORDS AND INSPECTION 

a. 
 Sales Report . During the term of this Agreement, Licensee 
shall provide to NYC English a written report each month showing, for the month immediately preceding the report, Licensee s 
shipments of Specified Products by US dollar volume, both in the aggregate and for such geographic areas and product or other categories
as NYC English may designate from time to time. Licensee shall also report to NYC English its current inventory
levels of Specified Products, in the aggregate and by product, as frequently as NYC English reasonably requests. 

b. 
 Reports of Alleged Claims . Licensee shall
notify NYC English in writing of any claim or proceeding involving advertisement or distribution of the Specified Products by Licensee ,
including claims asserting infringement of any intellectual property rights by the Specified Products, within ten (10) days after Licensee 
learns of such claim or proceeding. Licensee shall also report promptly to NYC English all claimed or suspected product
defects. 

c. 
 Maintenance of Records . Licensee shall
maintain for at least two (2) years its records, contracts and accounts relating to distribution of the Specified Products, and shall
permit examination thereof by authorized representatives of NYC English at all reasonable times. 

8. 
LOGO, TRADENAME USE AND LABELING OF SPECIFIED PRODUCTS 

Licensee shall not remove, alter,
cover or obfuscate any logo, trademark notice or other proprietary rights notices placed or embedded by NYC English on or in any
Specified Products. 

9. 
TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES 

a. 
 Rights of NYC English . Licensee hereby
recognizes that all right, title and interest in and to the trademarks, trade names, and logos (the Marks used in
connection with the marketing, sale and distribution of the Specified Products are the exclusive rights of NYC English , or entities
affiliated with NYC English , including, without limitation, those entities with whom NYC English has licensing arrangements.
No right in or license to any Mark is granted by or is to be inferred from any provision in this Agreement . Licensee shall
not take any action which jeopardizes NYC English s rights in the Marks. Licensee shall not register, directly
or indirectly, any trademarks, trade names, corporate names or logos which are identical or confusing similar to the Marks or any translations
thereof. Licensee shall not include or incorporate NYC English s name or any of its products names (or
any similar to or confusingly similar names) in its website or e-mail address. Licensee shall, upon NYC English s 
request, execute any instruments that may be required to register, maintain or renew the registration of any of the Marks in the Territory. 

7 

b. 
 Use by Licensee . NYC English hereby grants
to Licensee , and Licensee hereby accepts from NYC English , a nonexclusive, nontransferable, and royalty
free right to use NYC English s trademarks, trade names and logos applied to the Specified Products, such use being solely
for the purpose of promoting and marketing the Specified Products as set forth in this Agreement. Licensee s use of
the Mark s shall be subject to NYC English s review and approval. Licensee has paid no consideration
for the use of NYC English s Marks and nothing contained in this Agreement shall give Licensee any interest
in such Marks. Licensee agrees not to attach any additional trademarks, logos or trade designations to any Specified Product.
 Licensee further agrees not to affix any NYC English trademark, logo or trade name to any non-NYC English products. 

c. 
 After Termination or Expiration . Upon expiration or any
termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall immediately cease all display, advertising and use of all NYC English 
Marks and shall not thereafter use, advertise or display any name, mark or logo which is, or any part of which is, similar to or confusing
with any trademark, trade name, corporate name or logo associated with any of the Specified Products or any other product sold, marketed,
distributed or used by NYC English or any of its affiliated entities. 

10. 
TERM AND TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT 

a. 
 Term . Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the
terms and conditions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until December 31, 2024 (the Initial
Term ). In the event that NYC English continues to fulfill orders following the Initial Term without agreeing to a renewal
term pursuant to Section 10(b), such orders shall only be fulfilled on an order by order basis (but still subject to the terms of this
Agreement) and NYC English may cancel this Agreement in any such event at any time. 

b. 
 Renewal . Unless terminated as set forth below, this Agreement
may be renewed thereafter by mutual written agreement of the parties. Any renewal term shall be made only pursuant to a writing signed
by NYC English and Licensee and shall set forth, among other things, new minimum purchase requirements, the attachment
of amended Exhibits and a certificate of an officer of Licensee as to its full compliance with this Agreement through
the date thereof. Other than as revised pursuant to any such writing, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall continue in full
force and effect. 

c. 
 NYC English s Right to Terminate . NYC English 
may immediately terminate and/or temporarily suspend this Agreement (in its entirety or with respect to portions of the Territory or portions
or all orders for Specified Products, in NYC English s sole discretion) at any time prior to the termination of the Initial Term
or thereafter in the event that: 

(i) 
 Monetary Default . Licensee defaults in any payment due hereunder and such default continues unremedied for a period
of ten (10) days; 

(ii) 
 Specified Defaults . Licensee is in default under any of the following Sections: 2(a)(ii) (Competing Products), 2(a)(v)
(Financial Condition), 2(a)(viii) (Compliance with Laws), 2(d) (Minimum Purchase Commitment); 4(a) (Initial Purchase Requirement), 15(d)
(Assignment), or 15(g) (Confidentiality); 

(iii) 
 Other Default . Licensee fails to perform any other obligation, warranty, duty or responsibility or is in default
with respect to any material term or condition undertaken by Licensee under this Agreement and such failure or default continues
unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days following written notice by NYC English ; 

(iv) 
 Insolvency . A receiver is appointed for Licensee or its property; Licensee makes an assignment for
the benefit of its creditors; any proceedings are commenced by, for or against Licensee under any bankruptcy, insolvency,
debtor s relief or other similar law; or Licensee is liquidated, dissolved, or otherwise ceases the transaction of
business; 

(v) 
 Misrepresentation . NYC English discovers that Licensee has made a material misrepresentation herein or in
any materials provided by Licensee or its agents to NYC English ; 

(vi) 
 Legality . Upon the enactment, enforcement or adoption of any laws, rules, regulations or governmental policies or other change
in circumstances that makes it illegal, impossible or impracticable to export the Specified Products to the Territory as contemplated
in this Agreement; 

(vii) 
 Termination of Specified Products . NYC English withdraws the Specified Products from Licensee in the Territory;
or 

(viii) 
 Change in Management . Licensee is merged, consolidated, sells all or substantially all of its assets, or implements
or suffers any substantial change in management or control. 

8 

d. 
 Licensee s Right to Terminate . Licensee 
may terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the termination of the Initial Term or thereafter in the event that: 

(i) 
 Default . NYC English fails to perform any obligation, warranty, duty or responsibility or is in default with respect to
any material term or condition undertaken by NYC English under this Agreement and such failure or default continues unremedied
for a period of thirty (30) days following written notice by NYC English ; and 

(ii) 
 Insolvency . A receiver is appointed for NYC English or its property; NYC English makes an assignment for the benefit
of its creditors; any proceedings are commenced by, for or against NYC English under any bankruptcy, insolvency, debtor s
relief or other similar law; or NYC English is liquidated, dissolved, or otherwise ceases the transaction of business. 

e. 
 Pending Orders . In the event that notice of termination
of this Agreement is given, NYC English shall be entitled to reject all or part of any orders received from Licensee 
after notice but prior to the effective date of termination if availability of the Specified Products is insufficient at that time to
meet the needs of NYC English and its customers fully. In any case, NYC English may limit any shipments to Licensee .
Notwithstanding any credit terms made available to Licensee prior to such notice, any Specified Products shipped thereafter
shall be paid for by certified or cashier s check or wire transfer prior to shipment. 

f. 
 Effect of Termination . Licensee agrees
that in case of termination under Sections 10(c) all of Licensee s rights to distribute and sell Specified Products
shall cease as of the date of such termination, except that Licensee may sell such Specified Products in Licensee s
possession that NYC English declines to repurchase pursuant to subsection 10(f)(i), below. Upon termination of this Agreement: 

(i) 
 NYC English s Option to Repurchase Inventory . NYC English , or a successor Licensee designated by NYC
English , may purchase any or all Specified Products then in Licensee s possession at prices not greater than the
prices paid by Licensee for such products (or, if the products are not in unopened factory sealed boxes, 50 of such prices).
Upon receipt of any Specified Products so purchased from Licensee , NYC English will issue an appropriate credit to
 Licensee s account. 

(ii) 
 Acceleration of Credit Purchases . The due date of all outstanding invoices for the Specified Products shall automatically be accelerated
so they become due and payable on the effective date of termination, even if longer terms had been provided previously. All orders or
portions thereof remaining unshipped as of the effective date of termination shall automatically be cancelled. 

(iii) 
 Sub- Licensee s . In case this Agreement shall expire or be terminated for any reason, NYC English shall
thereupon, at its option, have the right to succeed to Licensee s interests under any agreements, rights and relations
of Licensee with sub- Licensee s appointed by Licensee with regard to the sale of the Specified
Products and all such agreements shall contain a clause to make this provision effective in favor of NYC English . 

(iv) 
 Attorneys Fees . In the event any claim is brought by either party asserting that the termination of this Agreement by the
other party was wrongful, the prevailing party in such litigation shall be entitled to recover from the other party all the costs, attorneys 
fees and other expenses incurred by such prevailing party in the litigation. 

g. 
 Survival of Payment Obligations . NYC English s 
rights and Licensee s obligations to pay NYC English all amounts due hereunder, as well as Licensee s 
obligations under Sections 2, 5, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 13, 14 and 15 shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. 

11. 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 

Licensee s 
relationship with NYC English during the term of this Agreement shall be that of an independent contractor. Licensee 
and its employees, agents and representatives shall under no circumstances be considered agents, sub-contractors, partners, joint venturers
or representatives of NYC English . Licensee shall not act or attempt to act, or represent itself, directly or by
implication, as agent, sub-contractors, joint venturer, partner or representative of NYC English , or in any manner assume or attempt
to assume or create any obligation or liability of any kind, nature or sort, express or implied, on behalf of or in the name of NYC
English . The relationship created by this Agreement does not constitute the granting of a franchise or license agreement to Licensee 
by NYC English , except that Licensee is permitted to use the NYC English s marks on promotional materials
for products in accordance with the terms hereof, and no franchise statute, law, regulation or rule is intended to or has been applied
by the parties for such purposes except as to the use of the marks, nor shall any such franchise, statute, law, regulation or rule be
deemed or construed to apply to the formation, operation, administration or termination of this Agreement. Licensee will
not, without NYC English s prior written consent, register as NYC English s Licensee or agent in the
Territory. 

9 

12. 
INDEMNIFICATION 

Licensee shall
indemnify, defend and hold harmless NYC English and its members, managers, directors, officers, employees and agents and the successors
and assigns of any of the foregoing (each a NYC English Indemnitee from any and all claims, losses, costs, liabilities
or expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and other expenses of litigation (a Liability resulting from a claim, suit or proceeding made or brought by a third party against a NYC English Indemnitee arising out of (a)
any acts or omissions of Licensee or its employees and agents in the distribution or marketing of Specified Products or
otherwise relating to the performance of this Agreement, (b) breach of the Licensee representations, warranties or covenants
set forth in this Agreement, or (c) the negligence or willful misconduct of Licensee or its sub- Licensee 
s, employees and agents. 

LICENSEE AGREES
THAT NYC ENGLISH S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY LICENSEE TO NYC
ENGLISH FOR THE SPECIFIED PRODUCTS INVOLVED. IN NO EVENT WILL NYC ENGLISH , ITS SUBSIDIARIES, ITS ASSOCIATED COMPANIES, OR NYC
ENGLISH S LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITIES), EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR COSTS (INCLUDING LEGAL FEES AND EXPENSES) OR LOSS OF GOODWILL
OR PROFIT IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUPPLY, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SPECIFIED PRODUCTS, OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF ANY SERVICES
PROVIDED HEREUNDER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION SUPPORT SERVICES AND PROFESSIONAL SERVICES), OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIM ARISING
FROM THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF NYC ENGLISH , ITS SUBSIDIARIES, ITS ASSOCIATED COMPANIES, OR NYC ENGLISH S LICENSORS HAVE
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR COSTS. 

13. 
WARRANTIES 

a. 
 Limited Warranty . NYC English warrants to Licensee 
that (a) NYC English has full authority to execute and perform this Agreement; (b) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by NYC English and constitutes the legal, enforceable and binding obligation of NYC English ; (c) NYC English s execution
and performance of this Agreement will not violate any Utah state laws or breach any other agreement; and (d) no approval, action or authorization
by any Utah governmental authority or agency is required for NYC English s execution and performance hereof or, if it is,
such approval, action or authorization has been obtained and written evidence thereof has been provided to Licensee . All
Specified Products provided by NYC English to Licensee are tested before being made available; however, there is
no guarantee or warranty of any kind that these Specified Products will meet the needs of Licensee or Licensee s 
customers. 

NYC ENGLISH MAKES NO
WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO PERFORMANCE OF THE SPECIFIED PRODUCTS TO LICENSEE OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH
IN NYC ENGLISH S LIMITED WARRANTY ACCOMPANYING DELIVERY OF THE SPECIFIED PRODUCTS Limited Warranty ).
 NYC ENGLISH RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THE WARRANTY SET FORTH IN SUCH LIMITED WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE, AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT FURTHER
NOTICE AND WITHOUT LIABILITY TO LICENSEE OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON. 

b. 
 Limitation of Warranties . Licensee warrants
to NYC English that (a) Licensee has full authority to execute and perform this Agreement; (b) this Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by Licensee and constitutes the legal, enforceable and binding obligation of Licensee ;
(c) Licensee s execution and performance of this Agreement will not violate any law or breach any other agreement;
and (d) no approval, action or authorization by any governmental authority or agency is required for Licensee s execution
and performance hereof or, if it is, such approval, action or authorization has been obtained and written evidence thereof has been provided
to NYC English . 

LICENSEE SHALL MAKE
NO WARRANTY, GUARANTEE OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, ON NYC ENGLISH S BEHALF. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED; AND THE LIABILITY OF NYC ENGLISH , IF ANY, FOR DAMAGES RELATING TO ANY ALLEGEDLY DEFECTIVE PRODUCT
SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE ACTUAL PRICE PAID BY THE Licensee FOR SUCH PRODUCT AND SHALL IN NO EVENT INCLUDE INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. 

10 

14. 
EXECUTION OF AGREEMENT AND CONTROLLING LAW 

This Agreement shall become
effective only after it has been signed by Licensee and has been accepted by NYC English at its principal place of
business. It shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, United States, without giving effect
to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. To the extent applicable, the parties waive the application of the United Nations Convention
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held by a court or
other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or would cause the relationship of NYC English and Licensee 
to be more than that of an independent contractor (i.e., franchise, partner or other unintended relationship), the remaining portions
of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be invalidated or impaired in any manner, unless NYC English 
determines that the unenforceable provision goes to the heart of this Agreement, in which event NYC English may terminate this
Agreement upon written notice to Licensee . 

15. 
MISCELLANEOUS 

a. 
 Paragraph Headings . The paragraph headings contained
herein are for reference only and shall not be considered as substantive parts of this Agreement. The use of the singular or plural form
shall include the other form and the use of the masculine, feminine or neuter gender shall include the other genders. 

b. 
 Language . The official language of this Agreement is
English. All contract interpretations, notices and dispute resolutions shall be in English. Any amendments to this Agreement shall be
in English. Translations of any of these documents shall not be construed as official or original versions of the documents, or otherwise
referred to in the interpretation or construction of the intentions of the parties hereto. 

c. 
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and any and all written or oral agreements previously existing
between the parties are expressly cancelled. Licensee acknowledges that it is not entering into this Agreement on the basis
of any representations not expressly contained herein. Any modifications of this Agreement must be in writing and signed by both parties
hereto. Any such modification shall be binding upon NYC English only if and when signed by one of its duly authorized officers. 

d. 
 Assignment . Licensee shall not assign this
Agreement or any right or interest under this Agreement, nor delegate any work or obligation to be performed under this Agreement, without
the prior written consent of NYC English . Any attempted assignment of or delegation by Licensee in contravention
of this provision shall be void and ineffective and shall be deemed to be a material breach hereof. NYC English may assign this
Agreement. Any change in the ownership of fifty-percent (50 or more of Licensee s equity (or 50 change in ownership
of any 50 owner of the Licensee or other ultimate 50 owner) shall be considered an assignment of this Agreement.
The provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. 

e. 
 Notices . All notices and demands hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be served by personal service, facsimile, or international courier service at the address of the receiving party set
forth on the signature page to this Agreement (or at such different address as may be designated by such party by written notice to the
other party). All notices or demands shall be deemed complete upon receipt. 

f. 
 Waiver . The waiver of any one default or breach of a
provision of this Agreement shall not waive subsequent defaults or breaches of this Agreement. 

g. 
 Confidentiality . For purposes of this Agreement, Trade
Secrets means information which: (a) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not
being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (b) is the
subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy. Confidential Information 
means information of NYC English, other than Trade Secrets, that is of value to its owner and is treated as confidential. Proprietary
Information means Trade Secrets and Confidential Information of NYC English. 

11 

Licensee agrees
to hold the Proprietary Information in strictest confidence and not to, directly or indirectly, copy, reproduce, distribute, duplicate,
reveal, report, publish, disclose, cause to be disclosed, or otherwise transfer the Proprietary Information to any third party, or utilize
the Proprietary Information for any purpose whatsoever other than as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or as otherwise agreed to
in writing by NYC English . Licensee may only disclose the Proprietary Information to employees of Licensee 
who have a need to know such Proprietary Information and who are under an obligation to comply with the nondisclosure obligations set
forth herein. Licensee agrees to notify NYC English in writing of any suspected or known breach of the obligations or restrictions
set forth in this Section 15(g). With regard to Trade Secrets, this obligation shall continue for so long as such information constitutes
a trade secret under applicable law. With regard to the Confidential Information, this obligation shall continue for the term of this
Agreement and for a period of three (3) years thereafter; provided, that the obligations hereunder with respect to any Trade Secrets shall
be perpetual, without limitation as to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any previously executed nondisclosure agreement between the
parties shall continue in full force and effect, provided that to the extent of any inconsistency or ambiguity between such agreement
and this Agreement, this Agreement shall control and govern in all respects. 

The foregoing obligations
of this Section 15(g) shall not apply if and to the extent that: (1) Licensee establishes that the information communicated
was already known to Licensee , without obligation to keep such information confidential, at the time of Licensee s 
receipt from NYC English , as evidenced by documents in the possession of Licensee prepared or received prior to disclosure
of such information; (2) Licensee establishes that the information communicated was received by Licensee in
good faith from a third party lawfully in possession thereof and having no obligation to keep such information confidential; or (3) Licensee 
establishes that the information communicated was publicly known at the time of Licensee s receipt from NYC English 
or has become publicly known other than by a breach of this Agreement. Further, if Licensee is required to disclose all
or part of the Proprietary Information pursuant to any legal requirement of any country which may have jurisdiction over Licensee ,
it will be entitled to do so, provided that Licensee shall immediately upon becoming aware that such disclosure is required,
give NYC English notice of the circumstances in which the disclosure is required and agree with NYC English on the extent
and timing of such disclosure. 

h. 
 Arbitration . Any dispute arising out of the interpretation
and effect of this Agreement or alleged breaches thereof, shall be fully and finally settled by arbitration in accordance with the Rules
of Conciliation and Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one (1) Arbitrator appointed in accordance with said Rules,
with the arbitration to take place at Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. All proceedings shall be conducted in the English language.
The non-prevailing party shall pay the costs of the arbitration, and the reasonable costs and expenses of the prevailing party. Judgment
of the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction over the party against whom the judgment is rendered. The parties hereto
agree that all arbitrations, actions or proceedings arising in connection with this Agreement shall be tried and litigated exclusively
in the State and Federal courts located in the County of Salt Lake, State of Utah, in the United States. The aforementioned choice of
venue is intended by the parties to be mandatory and not permissive in nature, thereby precluding the possibility of litigation between
the parties with respect to or arising out of this Agreement in any jurisdiction other than that specified in this paragraph. Each party
hereby waives any right it may have to assert the doctrine of forum non conveniens or similar doctrine or to object to venue with
respect to any proceeding brought in accordance with this paragraph, and stipulates that the State and Federal courts located in the County
of Salt Lake, State of Utah, in the United States shall have in personam jurisdiction and venue over each of them for the purpose
of litigating or arbitrating any dispute, controversy, or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement. Each party hereby authorizes
and accepts service of process sufficient for personal jurisdiction in any action against it as contemplated by this paragraph by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to its address for the giving of notices as set forth in this Agreement,
or in the manner set forth in Section 15(e) of this Agreement for the giving of notice. Any final judgment rendered against a party in
any action or proceeding shall be conclusive as to the subject of such final judgment and may be enforced in other jurisdictions in any
manner provided by law. 

i. 
 Modification; Counterparts; Facsimile/PDF Signatures .
It is expressly agreed that this Agreement may not be altered, amended, modified, or otherwise changed in any respect except by another
written agreement that specifically refers to this Agreement, executed by authorized representatives of each of the parties to this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Execution of a facsimile or PDF copy shall have the same force and effect as execution of an original,
and a copy of a signature will be equally admissible in any legal proceeding as if an original. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this NYC English International Licensee Agreement on the Effective Date specified above. 

NYC ENGLISH, LLC 
 NYCEDUTEC, LLC 

By: /s/ Karen Barton ________________________ 
 Name: Karen Barton 
 Title: Team and Operations Manager 

Address for Notices: 
 
 Flat 23D, Tower 3, 
 Sham Wan Towers, 
 3 Ap Lei Chau Drive, 
 Hong Kong 
 Phone: +852 94601183 
 
 Email: kbarton@nycedutec.com 

By: /s/ Mark Emerson _______________________ 
 Name: Mark Emerson 
 Title: President 

Address for Notices: 
 
 175 So. Main Street #1500 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111, USA 
Attention: Mark Emerson 
Phone: +1(801) 699 -2928 
 
Email: memerson@nycenglish.nyc 

DATE: December 12, 2022 

13 

Exhibit A 

SCHEDULE OF SPECIFIED PRODUCTS 

[amounts in U.S. Dollars, TBD case by case] 

NYC English Product 
 Suggested Retail Price 
 Purchase Price 
 
 1 year license, all three levels of NYC English 
 TBD USD 
 TBD USD 

A- 1 

Exhibit B 

TERRITORY 

The Licensee shall have the: Global rights 

[X] Non-Exclusive 

 Check One Box 

 [ ] Exclusive 

right to distribute the Specified Products set forth on Exhibit
A (as amended from time to time) in the following specified locations in accordance with the terms of the NYC English International
 Licensee Agreement: 

B- 1 

Exhibit C 

BUSINESS PLAN 

Channels 
 Breakdown 
 
 [Universities] 

[K-12} 

[Governments] 
 100 
 
 [Direct B2C] 

Licensee shall invest USD [__ _] per year or more for sales,
marketing, market development, sponsorship activities, etc. 

Licensee will require a lead time of 6 months for open-market/non-institution
sales. 

For institution and/or government sales, Licensee will treat
them separately and hold separate discussions with NYC English (e.g. customized products fit-to-budget, license duration, lead time required,
etc.) 

C- 1 

Exhibit D 

SALES FORECAST 

Minimum Purchase Requirements amounts in U.S. Dollars 

(Import Price, USD) 
 Year 1 
 Year 2 
 
 Sales Target 
 1 million 
 1.5 million 
 
 Minimum Financial Guarantee 

On a Quarterly basis, the above numbers shall be split into 4 equal
amounts per quarter during the applicable Years. 

The First Q shall be through [ Jan 31 ], each quarter thereafter
shall be standard March 31, June 30, Sept. 30, December. 

D- 1 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 lnpr_ex2101.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

 LNPR GROUP INC. 

LNPR Group Inc., a Colorado corporation, has the following wholly owned
subsidiary: 

1. NYCEdutec LLC, a Utah limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 lnpr_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certifications 

I, Mark Emerson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, of LNPR Group Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Mark Emerson 

Mark Emerson, 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 lnpr_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certifications 

I, Eng Wah Kung, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, of LNPR Group Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Eng Wah Kung 

Eng Wah Kung, 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 lnpr_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual
report of LNPR Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned principal executive officer of the Company, hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Mark Emerson 

Mark Emerson, 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 lnpr_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual
report of LNPR Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned principal executive officer of the Company, hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Eng Wah Kung 

Eng Wah Kung, 

 Interim Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 lnpr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 lnpr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 lnpr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 lnpr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

