<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1497645_0001497645-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21914869</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>455330</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2958431</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7800017</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5477005</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4844748</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001497645-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227170032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001497645-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Summit Hotel Properties, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001497645
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				272962512
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35074
		FILM NUMBER:		23676248

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13215 BEE CAVE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE B-300
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-538-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13215 BEE CAVE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE B-300
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001497645-23-000006.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 inn-20221231.htm
 10-K

inn-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) of incorporation or organization) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405) of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of 
 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 
 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant s as of June 30, 2022 was based on the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 As of February 10, 2023 the number of outstanding shares of common stock of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES, INC. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 1 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 Item 2. Properties 
 36 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 42 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 62 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 63 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 63 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 63 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 64 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 64 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 65 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 65 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 65 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 65 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 65 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 66 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 
 F- 1 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include this statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, could, expect, intend, plan, seek, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, forecast, project, potential, continue, likely, will, would or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements in this report include, among others, statements about our business strategy, including acquisition and development strategies, industry trends, estimated revenues and expenses, ability to realize deferred tax assets and expected liquidity needs and sources (including capital expenditures and the ability to obtain financing or raise capital). You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect actual results, performances or achievements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: 
 
 the effects of the novel Coronavirus ("COVID-19" and its variants (the "Pandemic") and other infectious disease outbreaks; 
 financing risks, including the risk of leverage and the corresponding risk of default on our existing indebtedness and potential inability to refinance or extend the maturities of our existing indebtedness; 
 default by borrowers to which we lend or provide seller financing; 
 global, national, regional and local economic and geopolitical conditions and events, including wars or potential hostilities, such as future terrorist attacks, that may affect travel; 
 supply and demand factors in our markets or sub-markets; 
 the effect of alternative accommodations on our business; 
 levels of spending for business and leisure travel; 
 macroeconomic conditions, including the effects of high inflation or a potential recessionary environment, which could adversely affect our costs, liquidity, consumer confidence, and demand for travel and lodging; 
 our ability to manage inflationary pressures related to commodities, labor and other costs of our business as well as consumer purchasing power and overall behavior; 
 adverse changes in, occupancy, average daily rate ADR and revenue per available room RevPAR and other lodging property operating metrics; 
 financial condition of, and our relationships with, third-party property managers and franchisors; 
 the degree and nature of our competition; 
 increased interest rates; 
 increased operating costs, including but not limited to labor costs; 
 increased renovation costs, which may cause actual renovation costs to exceed our current estimates; 
 supply-chain disruption, which may reduce access to operating supplies or construction materials and increase related costs; 
 changes in zoning laws; 
 increases in real property taxes that are significantly higher than our expectations; 
 risks associated with lodging property acquisitions, including the ability to ramp up and stabilize newly acquired lodging properties with limited or no operating history or that require substantial amounts of capital improvements for us to earn economic returns consistent with our expectations at the time of acquisition; 
 risks associated with dispositions of lodging properties, including our ability to successfully complete the sale of lodging properties under contract to be sold, including the risk that the purchaser may not have access to the capital needed to complete the purchase; 
 the nature of our structure and transactions such that our federal and state taxes are complex and there is risk of successful challenges to our tax positions by the Internal Revenue Service IRS or other federal and state taxing authorities; 
 the recognition of taxable gains from the sale of lodging properties as a result of the inability to complete certain like-kind exchanges in accordance with Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC 
 availability of and the abilities of our property managers and us to retain qualified personnel at our lodging property and corporate offices; 
 our failure to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT under the IRC; 
 1 

changes in our business or investment strategy; 
 availability, terms and deployment of capital; 
 general volatility of the capital markets and the market price of our common stock; 
 environmental uncertainties and risks related to natural disasters; 
 our ability to recover fully under third-party indemnities or our existing insurance policies for insurable losses and our ability to maintain adequate or full replacement cost "all-risk" property 
 insurance policies on our properties on commercially reasonable terms; 
 the effect of a data breach or significant disruption of property operator information technology networks as a result of cyber-attacks that are greater than insurance coverages or indemnities from service providers; 
 our ability to effectively manage our joint ventures with our joint venture partners; 
 current and future changes to the IRC; 
 our ability to continue to effectively enhance our Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") program to achieve expected social, environment and governance objectives and goals; and 
 the other factors discussed in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. 
 
 Accordingly, there is no assurance that our expectations will be realized. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein (or elsewhere) to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
 
 2 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to we, us, our, or the Company refer to Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. is a self-managed lodging property investment company that was organized in June 2010 and completed its initial public offering in February 2011. The Company holds both general and limited partnership interests in Summit Hotel OP, LP (the Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership also organized in June 2010. We focus on owning lodging properties with efficient operating models that generate strong margins and investment returns. At December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 103 lodging properties with a total of 15,334 guestrooms located in 24 states. We own our properties fee simple, except for seven hotel properties which are subject to ground leases. As of December 31, 2022, we own 100 of the outstanding equity interests in 61 of 103 of our lodging properties. We own a 51 controlling interest in 39 lodging properties through a joint venture with the sovereign wealth fund of Singapore (the "GIC Joint Venture"), and two 90 equity interests in separate joint ventures (the "Brickell Joint Venture" and the "Onera Joint Venture"). The Brickell Joint Venture owns two lodging properties and the Onera Joint Venture owns one lodging property. 
 
 The GIC Joint Venture was formed in July 2019 with GIC, Singapore s sovereign wealth fund, to acquire assets that align with the Company s current investment strategy and criteria. The Company serves as general partner and asset manager of the GIC Joint Venture and intends to invest 51 of the equity capitalization of the limited partnership, with GIC investing the remaining 49 . The GIC Joint Venture intends to finance assets with an anticipated 50 overall leverage target. The Company earns fees for providing services to the GIC Joint Venture and will have the potential to earn incentive fees based on the GIC Joint Venture achieving certain return thresholds. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 86 of our guestrooms were located in the top 50 metropolitan statistical areas MSAs ), 91 were located within the top 100 MSAs and 15,323 of our guestrooms operated under premium franchise brands owned by Marriott International, Inc. Marriott ), Hilton Worldwide Hilton ), Hyatt Hotels Corporation Hyatt ), and InterContinental Hotels Group IHG ). Our properties are typically located in markets with multiple demand generators such as corporate offices and headquarters, retail centers, airports, state capitols, convention centers, universities, and leisure attractions. 
 
 In January and March 2022, the Operating Partnership and the GIC Joint Venture closed on a transaction with NewcrestImage Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and NewcrestImage Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together, NewcrestImage ), to purchase from NewcrestImage a portfolio of 27 lodging properties, containing an aggregate of 3,709 guestrooms, two parking structures containing 1,002 spaces, and various financial incentives for an aggregate purchase price of 822.0 million (the "NCI Transaction"). In June 2022, the Operating Partnership exercised an option to acquire a 90 equity interest in the AC Hotel by Marriott and Element Miami Brickell Hotel in Miami, FL (together the "AC/Element Hotel") based on a gross option exercise price of 89.0 million (the "Brickell Transaction"). We own a 90 equity interest in the AC/Element Hotel through our equity interest in the Brickell Joint Venture. 
 
 In October 2022, the Company entered into the Onera Joint Venture with the Onera Opportunity Fund I LP ("Onera"), developers of alternative accommodation properties, with the acquisition of a 90 equity interest in the Onera Joint Venture for 5.2 million in cash, plus additional contingent consideration limited to a maximum of 1.8 million, payable to the seller based on performance of the property for the 12-month period ending July 31, 2023. The Onera Joint Venture has a 100 fee simple interest in real property and improvements located in Fredericksburg, Texas consisting of 11 glamping lodging units and a 6.4-acre parcel of undeveloped land that will be developed as phase two of the lodging site in the future. 
 
 See "Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 3 - Investments in Lodging Property, net " for further information. 
 
 3 

Substantially all of our assets are held by, and all of our operations are conducted through, our operating partnership, Summit Hotel OP, LP (the Operating Partnership ). Through a wholly-owned subsidiary, we are the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. At December 31, 2022, we owned, directly and indirectly, approximately 87.0 of the Operating Partnership s issued and outstanding common units of limited partnership interest Common Units ), and all of the Operating Partnership s issued and outstanding Series E and Series F preferred units of limited partnership interest. NewcrestImage owns all of the issued and outstanding 5.25 Series Z Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Units (Liquidation preference 25 per unit) of the Operating Partnership ("Series Z Preferred Units"), which was issued as part of the NCI Transaction. We collectively refer to preferred units of limited partnership interests of our Operating Partnership as "Preferred Units." 
 
 Pursuant to the Operating Partnership s partnership agreement, we have full, exclusive and complete responsibility and discretion in the management and control of the Operating Partnership, including the ability to cause the Operating Partnership to enter into certain major transactions including acquisitions, dispositions and refinancings, to make distributions to partners and to cause changes in the Operating Partnership s business activities. 
 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. To qualify as a REIT, we cannot operate or manage our lodging properties. Accordingly, all of our lodging properties are leased to our taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS Lessees"). All of our lodging properties are operated pursuant to property management agreements between our TRS Lessees and professional third-party property management companies that are not affiliated with us. We have one reportable segment as defined by generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). See "Part II Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies " to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Our corporate offices are located at 13215 Bee Cave Parkway, Suite B-300, Austin, TX 78738. Our telephone number is (512) 538-2300. Our website is www.shpreit.com . The information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this report and should not be considered a part of this report. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 Our portfolio consists of lodging properties in desirable locations with efficient operating models. Our approach to creating value includes the following: 
 
 Selectively allocate capital which includes, among other things, capital investment, growth initiatives and other strategic transactions, such as the NCI Transaction, which was completed in January 2022; 
 Evolving our portfolio by selling assets with lower operating margins, RevPAR growth opportunities or risk-adjusted return profiles and purchasing assets with higher operating margins, RevPAR growth opportunities or risk-adjusted return profiles; and 
 Intensive asset management. 
 
 Beginning in March 2020, we experienced the negative effects of the novel coronavirus, designated as COVID-19 COVID-19 and its variants (collectively, the "Pandemic"), which had a significant negative effect on the U.S. and global economies, including a rapid and sharp decline in all forms of travel, both domestic and international, and a significant decline in lodging demand. As such, we experienced a substantial decline in our revenues, profitability and cash flows from operations during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. However, our operations have recovered to levels that are near pre-Pandemic levels for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of significant improvement in our business, driven primarily by leisure travel and to a lesser extent modest improvement in other demand segments, including corporate and group travel. We anticipate that continued improvement in operating trends will be dependent on sustained strength in leisure travel and improvement in business and group travel. More broadly, maintaining our current positive trend in business and group travel, geopolitical stability, moderating inflation, a normalized labor market, and maintaining a high-quality portfolio aligned with evolving guest preferences are important for continued growth in our operating results. 

4 

The key elements of our strategy that we believe will allow us to create long-term value include the following: 
 
 Focus on Lodging Properties with Efficient Operating Models . We focus on lodging properties with efficient operating models that are predominantly in the Upscale segment of the lodging industry, as defined by Smith Travel Research ("STR"). We believe that our focus on this segment provides us the opportunity to achieve strong, risk-adjusted returns across multiple lodging cycles for several reasons, including: 
 
 RevPAR Growth . We believe that our lodging properties are positioned for long-term demand growth as travel recovers to levels more in-line with pre-Pandemic demand. 
 
 Stable Cash Flow Potential . Our lodging properties are generally operated with fewer employees than full-service lodging properties that offer more amenities including more extensive food and beverage options; when coupled with our market share premium, we have been able to generate higher operating margins and cash flows with less volatility. 
 
 Broad Customer Base . Our target brands deliver consistently high-quality guest accommodations with value-oriented pricing that we believe appeals to a wide range of customers, including business, group and leisure travelers. We believe that our lodging properties are particularly popular with frequent travelers who seek to stay in properties operating under Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt, or IHG brands, which offer strong loyalty rewards programs. 
 
 Enhanced Diversification and Lower Capital Requirements . Lodging properties with efficient operating models generally require less capital to acquire, build, and maintain on an absolute and a per-key basis, than lodging properties in the full-service and Luxury segments of the industry. As a result, we can diversify our investment capital into ownership of a larger number of lodging properties than we could in the Upper-upscale or Luxury segments. 
 
 Capitalize on Investments in Our Lodging Properties . We believe in the benefits of strategically investing capital in our properties to ensure they are in good physical condition and facilitate market leading financial performance. We believe these investments produce attractive returns, and we intend to continue to invest capital to upgrade our lodging properties with strategic renovations and property improvement plans. 
 
 External Growth Through Acquisitions. We intend to continue to opportunistically grow through acquisitions of existing lodging properties either through wholly owned or joint venture structures using a disciplined approach, while maintaining a prudent capital structure. We generally target lodging facilities with efficient operating models that meet one or more of the following acquisition criteria: 
 
 potential for strong risk-adjusted returns and are located in the top 50 MSAs and other select destination markets; 
 operate under leading franchise brands, which may include but are not limited to brands owned by Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt, and IHG; 
 located in close proximity to multiple demand generators, such as corporate offices and headquarters, retail centers, airports, state capitols, convention centers, universities, and leisure attractions, with a diverse source of potential guests, including corporate, government and leisure travelers; 
 located in markets with barriers to entry due to lengthy or challenging real estate entitlement processes or other factors; 
 can be acquired at a discount to replacement cost; and 
 provide an opportunity to add value through operating efficiencies, revenue management and asset management expertise, repositioning, renovating or rebranding. 
 
 Strategic Lodging Property Sales. We strive to maximize our return on invested capital, and we periodically review our lodging properties to determine if any significant changes to markets or our properties have occurred or are anticipated to occur that would warrant the sale of one or more lodging properties. We intend to continue to pursue a disciplined capital allocation strategy designed to maximize the value of our investments by selectively selling lodging properties that we believe are no longer consistent with our investment strategy or whose returns on invested capital appear to have been maximized. To the extent that we sell lodging properties, we may redeploy the capital into acquisition and capital investment opportunities that we believe have the potential to generate better risk-adjusted returns, or we may repay outstanding indebtedness. We also expect to generate these improvements in returns with our proactive asset management approach and by investing in our lodging properties to enhance their quality and attractiveness, increase their long-term value and generate more favorable returns on our invested capital. 
 
 5 

Selectively Develop Lodging Properties . We endeavor to identify attractive opportunities to selectively partner with experienced developers to acquire, upon completion, newly constructed lodging properties that meet our acquisition criteria. We will consider unique opportunities to develop lodging properties utilizing our own capital if and when circumstances warrant. 
 
 Selective Mezzanine Lending. We seek to identify select opportunities to provide mezzanine lending to developers, where we also have the opportunity to acquire the lodging property at or after the completion of the development project. 
 
 Our Financing Strategy 
 
 We rely on cash generated through operations, working capital, borrowings under our senior revolving and term loan facility (the "2018 Senior Credit Facility"), term debt, repayment of notes receivable, proceeds from the issuance of common and preferred securities, the strategic sale of lodging properties, contributions from our joint venture partners, and the release of restricted cash upon satisfaction of the usage requirements to finance our business. We may also issue Common Units or Preferred Units of the Operating Partnership in connection with acquisitions. 
 
 The 2018 Senior Credit Facility is comprised of a 400.0 million revolver (the " 400 Million Revolver") and a 200.0 million term loan facility (the 200 Million Term Loan"). We entered into modifications of our 2018 Senior Credit Facility during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, which included a waiver of covenants through March 31, 2022. In July 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the 2018 Senior Credit Facility, which modified certain key financial covenants, provides us with full access to our 400 Million Revolver (as defined in Note 5 Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements) to provide adequate liquidity to execute our business plan and pursue external growth opportunities and granted us the option to extend the maturity dates for up to two additional years. See Note 5 Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Our GIC Joint Venture also operates with borrowings under a 200 million credit facility (the "Joint Venture Credit Facility"). The Joint Venture Credit Facility is comprised of a 125.0 million revolving credit facility (the 125 Million Revolver and a 75.0 million term loan (the 75 Million Term Loan ). We had obtained certain financial covenant waivers from our Joint Venture Credit Facility lenders through March 31, 2022 and we have obtained certain modifications to financial covenant measures through December 31, 2023. The amendments to the Joint Venture Credit facility confirmed that our Joint Venture could make additional advances on the 125 Million Revolver, subject to certain financial covenant limitations. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the GIC Joint Venture entered into a 410.0 million senior secured term loan facility (the GIC Joint Venture Term Loan secured by the 27 lodging properties and two parking garages acquired in the NCI Transaction and assumed a PACE loan totaling 6.5 million. The GIC Joint Venture Term Loan has an accordion feature which will permit an increase in the total commitments by up to 190.0 million, for aggregate potential borrowings of up to 600.0 million. The GIC Joint Venture Term Loan will mature on January 13, 2026 and can be extended for one 12-month period at the Company s option, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 Our long-term leverage approach is to maintain conservative debt levels with high coverage ratios to allow us the flexibility to withstand various economic cycles and to position us for growth when accretive opportunities arise. 
 
 Our debt includes, and may include in the future, debt secured by stock pledges, mortgage debt secured by lodging properties and unsecured debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.5 billion in outstanding indebtedness, including 676.3 million related to our joint ventures. Our pro rata debt taking into consideration only our portion of our joint venture debt was 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022. 
 
 When purchasing lodging properties, the Operating Partnership may issue Common Units or Preferred Units as full or partial consideration to sellers who may be interested in taking advantage of the opportunity to defer taxable gains on the sale of a property or participate in the potential appreciation in the value of our common stock. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We face competition for investments in lodging properties from institutional pension funds, private equity investors, REITs, lodging companies and others who are engaged in acquisitions of and investments in lodging properties. Some of these entities have substantially greater financial and operational resources than we have. This competition may increase the bargaining power of property owners seeking to sell, reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us and increase the cost of acquiring targeted lodging properties. 
 
 6 

The lodging industry is highly competitive. Our lodging properties compete with other hotel properties and alternative accommodations for guests in their respective markets based on a number of factors, including location, convenience, brand affiliation, quality of the physical condition of the lodging property, guestroom rates, range of services and guest amenities or accommodations offered and quality of customer service. Competition is often specific to the individual markets in which our lodging properties are located and includes competition from existing and new hotel properties and alternative accommodations. Competition could adversely affect our occupancy rates, our ADR and our RevPAR, and may require us to provide additional amenities or make capital improvements that we otherwise would not have to make, which may reduce our profitability. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Certain segments of the lodging industry are seasonal in nature. The current trend in our business is for business and leisure travelers to occupy lodging properties relatively consistently throughout the year, but decreases in business travel occur during summer and the winter holidays. The lodging industry is also seasonal based upon geography. Lodging properties in the southern U.S. tend to have higher occupancy rates during the winter months. Lodging properties in the northern U.S. tend to have higher occupancy rates during the summer months. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 Our lodging properties are subject to various covenants, laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to accessibility, fire and safety requirements. We believe each of our lodging properties has the necessary permits and approvals to operate its business. 
 
 Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ADA 
 
 Our properties must comply with Title III of the ADA to the extent that they are public accommodations as defined by the ADA. Under the ADA, all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The ADA may require removal of structural barriers to access by persons with disabilities in certain public areas of our properties where removal is readily achievable. Although we believe the properties in our portfolio substantially comply with present requirements of the ADA, a determination to the contrary could require removal of access barriers and non-compliance could result in litigation costs, costs to remediate deficiencies, U.S. government fines or in damages to private litigants. The obligation to make readily achievable accommodations is an ongoing one, and we will continue to assess our properties and to make alterations as appropriate in this respect. 
 
 Environmental, Health and Safety Matters 
 
 Our lodging properties and undeveloped land parcels are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws that impose liability for contamination. Under these laws, governmental entities have the authority to require us, as the current owner of the property, to perform or pay for the cleanup of contamination (including hazardous substances, waste, or petroleum products) at, on, under or emanating from the property and to pay for natural resource damages arising from contamination. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator or other responsible party knew of, or caused the contamination, and the liability may be joint and several. Because these laws also impose liability on persons who owned a property at the time it became contaminated, we could incur cleanup costs or other environmental liabilities even after we sell properties. Contamination at, on, under or emanating from our properties also may expose us to liability to private parties for costs of remediation, personal injury and death or property damage. In addition, environmental liens may be created on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs to address contamination. If contamination is discovered on our properties, environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which our property may be used or our businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures. Moreover, environmental contamination can affect the value of a property and therefore, an owner s ability to borrow funds using the property as collateral or to sell the property on favorable terms or at all. Furthermore, persons who sent waste to a waste disposal facility, such as a landfill or an incinerator, may be liable for costs associated with cleanup of that facility. 
 
 Some of our properties may have contained historical uses which involved the use or storage of hazardous chemicals and petroleum products (for example, storage tanks, gas stations and dry-cleaning operations) which if released, could have affected our properties. In addition, some of our properties may be near or adjacent to other properties that have contained or currently contain storage tanks containing petroleum products or conducted or currently conduct operations which use other hazardous or toxic substances. Releases from these adjacent or surrounding properties could affect our properties and we may be liable for any associated cleanup. 
 
 7 

Independent environmental consultants conducted Phase I environmental site assessments on all of our properties prior to acquisition and we intend to conduct Phase I environmental site assessments on properties we acquire in the future. Phase I site assessments are intended to discover and evaluate information regarding the environmental condition of the surveyed properties and surrounding properties. These assessments do not generally include soil sampling, subsurface investigations or comprehensive asbestos surveys. In some cases, the Phase I environmental site assessments were conducted by another entity such as a lender, and we may not have the authority to rely on such reports. None of the Phase I environmental site assessments of the lodging properties in our portfolio revealed any past or present environmental condition that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. In addition, the Phase I environmental site assessments may also have failed to reveal all environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns. The Phase I environmental site assessments were completed at various times and material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may have arisen after the review was completed or may arise in the future; and future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material additional environmental liability. 
 
 In addition, our lodging properties (including our real property, operations and equipment) are subject to various federal, state and local environmental, health and safety regulatory requirements that address a wide variety of issues, including, but not limited to, the potential transmission of infectious diseases such as COVID-19, the existence of mold and other airborne contaminants above regulatory thresholds, the registration, maintenance and operation of our boilers and storage tanks, the supply of potable water to our guests, air emissions from emergency generators, storm water and wastewater discharges, protection of natural resources, asbestos, lead-based paint, and waste management. Some of our lodging properties also routinely handle and use hazardous or regulated substances and wastes as part of their operations (for example, swimming pool chemicals or biological waste). Our lodging properties incur costs, and in certain situations, may be required to limit operations, to comply with these environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and if these regulatory requirements are not met or unforeseen events result in the discharge of dangerous or toxic substances at our lodging properties, we could be subject to fines and penalties for non-compliance with applicable laws and material liability from third parties for harm to the environment, damage to real property or personal injury or death. We are aware of no past or present environmental liability for non-compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Matte rs 
 
 Our ongoing commitment to our environment, our communities and our stakeholders is an important part of our core responsibility to be more sustainable, inclusive and equitable. Since establishing our Corporate Responsibility program in 2017, we have built upon our sustainability objectives, from tracking metrics related to our consumption, waste, recycling and greenhouse gas emissions, to setting measurable, science-aligned reduction targets for energy, water and carbon, and to committing to improve the efficiency of our buildings and promote sustainable operations through our energy management program. Additionally, we have expanded charitable engagement with our community through the Summit Foundation, our 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, and have broadened our social programs to enhance connectivity among our employees, partners and stakeholders to better enable us to champion an environment of diversity and inclusivity. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we expanded the number of our lodging properties with electric vehicle charging stations and green certifications, and we established science-aligned targets to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by 30 by the year 2025. For more information on these and our other sustainability practices, including environmental and social metrics and results, please see our current sustainability report available on our website at https://www.shpreit.com/responsibility. 
 
 Tax Status 
 
 REIT Election 
 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 859 of the IRC, commencing with our short taxable year ended December 31, 2011. Our qualification as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, through actual investment and operating results, various complex requirements under the IRC relating to, among other things, the sources of our gross income, the composition and values of our assets, the timing and amount of our dividend distributions and the diversity of ownership of our stock. We believe that we have been organized and have operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the IRC and that our current and intended manner of operation will enable us to continue to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 8 

For the income from our lodging operations to constitute rents from real property for purposes of the gross income tests required for REIT qualification, we cannot directly operate any of our lodging properties. We may, however, generate "rents from real property" through leasing our lodging properties to taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRSs"), subject to certain conditions. A TRS is a fully taxable corporate subsidiary of a REIT that jointly elects with the REIT to be treated as a TRS of that REIT. Accordingly, all of our lodging properties are leased to our TRS Lessees. We have separate TRSs that lease the lodging properties owned in our joint ventures. We will lease newly acquired lodging properties to our existing TRSs or additional TRSs in the future. Our TRS Lessees pay rent to us that will qualify as rents from real property, provided that the TRS Lessees engage eligible independent contractors to manage our lodging properties. All of our lodging properties are operated pursuant to lodging property management agreements with professional third-party property management companies. We believe each of the third-party managers qualifies as an eligible independent contractor under the IRC. 
 
 As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on our REIT taxable income that we distribute as dividends to our stockholders. Under the IRC, REITs are subject to numerous organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that they distribute each year at least 90 of their taxable income, subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gains. If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, our income for that year will be taxed at regular corporate rates, and we will be unable to re-elect REIT status until the fifth calendar year after the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. Even if we qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may still be subject to state and local taxes on our income and assets and to federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. Additionally, any income earned by our TRSs will be fully subject to federal, state and local corporate income tax. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of February 10, 2023, we had 74 full-time corporate employees. None of our corporate employees is represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. All persons employed in the day-to-day operations of our lodging properties are employees of our third-party independent property management companies engaged by our TRS Lessees or their subsidiaries to operate such lodging properties. 
 
 Our employees are vital to the success of our Company. We are committed to cultivating a culture of connectedness based on our primary values of passion, integrity, and excellence and strive to create an inspiring and inclusive work environment where our employees feel motivated and empowered to produce exceptional results for the Company. We strive to always be guided by our fundamental values and ethical standards to provide our team members with a fair and equitable work environment. We annually distribute and require acknowledgement of an employee handbook to all employees that provides direction on relevant policies related to conducting our business in accordance with our core values. 
 
 Our human capital resource objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining and incentivizing our employees. To attract and retain top talent, we have designed our compensation and benefits programs to provide a balanced and effective reward structure, including: 
 
 Subsidized medical, dental and vision insurance; 
 Life and disability insurance; 
 Stock grant program; 
 401(k) savings and retirement plan with Company Safe Harbor contribution; 
 Paid family leave; and 
 Employee education programs 
 
 We believe that our compensation and employee benefits are competitive and allow us to attract and retain skilled employees throughout our Company. We frequently benchmark our compensation and benefits package against those in both our industry and in similar disciplines. 
 
 We have established social programs with the goal of promoting a culture of unity and collaboration among our various departments through career and personal development opportunities designed to inspire all of those involved. Our career and personal development focus on four main principles: (1) communication and teamwork; (2) networking and mentorship; (3) leadership development; and (4) work-life balance. In addition, we have a formal annual goal setting and performance review process for our employees. 
 
 9 

We believe that equal employment opportunity is a fundamental principle and do not tolerate discrimination against any person on the basis of race, color, religious creed, sex, age, gender, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, present or past history of mental disability, learning disability, physical disability, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation or any other protected characteristic as established by law, in recruiting, hiring, compensation, benefits, termination or any other terms or conditions of employment. Our employees have multiple avenues available through which concerns or inappropriate behavior can be reported, including a confidential hotline. All concerns or reports of inappropriate behavior are promptly investigated with appropriate action taken to address such concerns or behavior. 
 
 We are committed to maintaining a work culture that treats all employees fairly and with respect, promotes inclusivity and provides equal opportunities for advancement based on merit. Our workforce diversity has increased during the year ended December 31, 2022. Of the 74 full-time corporate employees employed by us at February 10, 2023, women constituted approximately 49 of our workforce, which is an increase from 44 in the prior year. Individuals who identify as traditionally underrepresented races or ethnicities constituted approximately 22 of our workforce, an increase from 13 in the prior year. We intend to continue using a combination of targeted recruiting, talent development and internal promotion strategies to expand the diversity of our employee base across all roles and functions. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our Internet website is located at www.shpreit.com. Copies of the charters of the committees of our board of directors, our code of business conduct and ethics and our corporate governance guidelines are available on our website. We will provide timely disclosures of amendments and waivers to the aforementioned documents, if any, via website posting. All reports that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC including this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K, can be obtained free of charge from the SEC s website at www.sec.gov or through our website. The information contained on, or accessible through the SEC s website or our website is not incorporated by reference into this report and should not be considered a part of this report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Risks related to achieving revenue and net income growth 
 Risks related to acquisitions 
 Risks of taxable gains as a result of lodging property dispositions 
 Risks related to our third-party property management companies 
 Risks related to lodging property management and franchise agreements 
 Risks related to outstanding indebtedness including our ability to hedge our interest rate exposure 
 Risks related to retaining key personnel 
 Risks related to cyber security 
 Risks related to uninsured and underinsured losses 
 Risks related to the management of our joint ventures 
 Risks related to inflation 
 Risks related to credit financing that we may provide to borrowers 
 
 Risks Related to the Lodging Industry 
 
 Risks related to the outbreak of the Coronavirus and its variants, or an outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases 
 Risks related to adverse changes in economic conditions 
 Risks related to competition from other lodging properties and alternative accommodations 
 Risks inherent to the ownership of lodging properties and the markets in which we operate 
 Risks related to lodging property development and other capital expenditures 
 Risks related to changes in consumer trends and preferences 
 
 Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry and Real Estate-Related Investments 
 
 Risks related to the illiquidity of real estate investments 
 Risks related to compliance with the laws, regulations and covenants that apply to our lodging properties 
 Risks related to right-of-use assets on which certain of our lodging properties are located 
 Risks related to adverse changes in income and property tax rates or amendments to tax regimes that increase our state and local tax liabilities 
 10 

Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 
 Risks related to our fiduciary duties as the general partner of our Operating Partnership 
 Risks related to the provisions of our charter 
 Risks related to the provisions of Maryland law 
 Risks related to the limited rights of our stockholders 
 Risks related to actions taken by our board of directors 
 Risks related to being a holding company with no direct operations 
 Risks related to maintaining an effective system of internal controls 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 
 Risks related to the continued listing of our securities on a nationally-recognized exchange 
 Risks related to expected distributions 
 Risks related to stock price volatility 
 Risks related to the issuance of debt or equity securities 
 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 
 
 Risks related to compliance with REIT regulations 
 Risks related to our TRS structure, including increased tax liabilities and operating costs 
 Risks that transactions with our TRSs are not conducted on arm s-length terms 
 Risks that the management companies of our lodging properties may not qualify as eligible independent contractors, or our lodging properties may not be considered qualified lodging facilities 
 Risks that the 100 prohibited transactions tax may limit our ability to dispose of our properties 
 Risks related to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes 
 Risks related to our REIT distribution requirements 
 Risks that our Operating Partnership could be treated as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes 
 Risks that stockholders may be restricted from acquiring or transferring certain amounts of our stock 
 Risks that the IRS could determine that certain payments we have received in the nature of liquidated damages may not be ignored for purposes of the gross income tests applicable to REITs 
 
 Risks Related to Environmental, Social and Governance Factors 
 
 Risks related to climate change and the environment 
 Risks related to organized labor 
 Risks related to our ESG program 
 
 The following risk factors address the material risks concerning our business. If any of the risks discussed in this report were to occur, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operation and our ability to service our debt and make distributions to our stockholders could be materially and adversely affected and the market price per share of our stock could decline significantly. Some statements in this report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements. The discussion of the potential effect of the following risk factors on our financial results relates to our consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Our business strategy, future results of operations and growth prospects are dependent on achieving revenue and net income growth from anticipated increases in demand for lodging guestrooms and general economic conditions. 
 
 Our business strategy includes achieving continued revenue and cash flow growth from anticipated improvement in demand for lodging guestrooms driven by long-term economic growth. We, however, cannot provide any assurances that demand for lodging guestrooms will increase from current levels or continue to exceed the growth of new supply, or the time or extent of any demand growth that we do experience. If demand does not continue to increase as the economy grows, or if there is a slowdown in the general economy resulting in weakening demand, our operating results and growth prospects could be adversely affected. As a result, any slowdown in economic growth or an economic downturn could adversely affect our future results of operations and our growth prospects. 
 
 11 

Our expenses may not decrease if our revenue decreases. 
 
 Many of the expenses associated with owning and operating lodging properties, such as debt service payments, property taxes, insurance, utilities, and certain employee compensation costs are relatively fixed. They do not necessarily decrease directly with a reduction in revenue at the lodging properties and may be subject to increases that are not related to the performance of our lodging properties or the increase in the rate of inflation. Also, as of December 31, 2022, seven of our lodging properties are subject to third-party ground leases which generally require periodic increases in rent payments. Our ability to pay these rents could be adversely affected if our revenues for these lodging properties do not increase at the same or a greater rate than the increases in rental payments under the ground leases. 
 
 Additionally, certain costs, such as wages, benefits and insurance, may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period. In the event of a significant decrease in demand, the managers of our lodging properties may not be able to reduce the size of the property work forces in order to decrease compensation costs. Our managers also may be unable to offset any fixed or increased expenses with higher room rates. Any of our efforts to reduce operating costs also could adversely affect the future growth of our business and the value of our lodging properties. 
 
 We may be unable to complete acquisitions that would grow our business. 
 
 Our growth strategy includes the disciplined acquisition of lodging properties as opportunities arise, which may be subject to restrictions related to our debt covenants. Our ability to acquire lodging properties on satisfactory terms or at all is subject to the following significant risks: 
 
 we may be unable to acquire desired lodging properties because of competition from other real estate investors, including other real estate operating companies, REITs and investment funds; 
 we may be unable to obtain the necessary debt or equity financing to consummate an acquisition or, if obtainable, financing may not be on satisfactory terms; and 
 agreements for the acquisition of lodging properties are typically subject to customary conditions to closing, including satisfactory completion of due diligence investigations and the receipt of franchisor and lender consents, and we may spend significant time and incur significant transaction costs on potential acquisitions that we do not consummate. 
 
 Our inability to complete lodging property acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 The sale of certain lodging properties could result in significant tax liabilities unless we are able to defer the taxable gain through like-kind exchanges under Section 1031 of the IRC ("1031 Exchanges"). 
 
 From time to time, we structure asset sales for possible inclusion in like-kind exchanges within the meaning of Section 1031 of the IRC. The ability to complete a like-kind exchange depends on many factors, including, among others, identifying and acquiring suitable replacement property within limited time periods, and the ownership structure of the properties being sold and acquired. Therefore, we are not always able to sell an asset as part of a like-kind exchange. When successful, a like-kind exchange enables us to defer the taxable gain on the asset sold. Our inability to defer the taxable gain resulting from the sales of certain lodging properties, could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. Moreover, Section 1031 Exchanges now only apply to real property and do not apply to any related personal property transferred with the real property. As a result, any appreciated personal property that is transferred in connection with a Section 1031 Exchange of real property will cause gain to be recognized, and such gain is generally treated as non-qualifying income for the REIT 95 and 75 gross income tests. Any such non-qualifying income could have an adverse effect on our REIT status. 
 
 12 

We may fail to successfully integrate acquired lodging properties or achieve expected operating performance. 
 
 Our ability to successfully integrate newly acquired lodging properties or achieve expected operating performance is subject to the following risks: 
 
 we may not possess the same level of familiarity with the dynamics and market conditions of any new markets that we may enter, which could result in us paying too much for lodging properties in new markets or not have the lodging properties achieve their maximum potential; 
 market conditions may result in lower-than-expected occupancy and guestroom rates; 
 we may acquire lodging properties without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, for liabilities, whether known or unknown, such as cleanup of environmental contamination, claims by tenants, vendors or other persons against the former owners of the lodging properties and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the lodging properties; 
 we may need to spend more than anticipated amounts to make necessary improvements or renovations to our newly acquired lodging properties; 
 we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of lodging properties, into our existing operations; and 
 the inability of our acquired lodging properties to meet our operating performance expectations could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 We may assume liabilities in connection with the acquisition of lodging properties, including unknown liabilities. 
 
 We may assume existing liabilities in connection with the acquisition of lodging properties, some of which may be unknown or unquantifiable on the acquisition date. Unknown liabilities might include liabilities for cleanup or remediation of undisclosed environmental conditions, claims of lodging guests, vendors or other persons dealing with the seller of a particular lodging property, tax liabilities, employment-related issues and accrued but unpaid liabilities whether incurred in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. If the magnitude of such unknown liabilities is high, they could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 We may not be able to cause our management companies to operate any of our lodging properties in a manner that is satisfactory to us, and termination of our management agreements may be costly and disruptive. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we cannot operate or manage our lodging properties. Accordingly, all of our lodging properties are leased to TRS Lessees of our TRSs. All of our lodging properties are operated pursuant to management agreements with independent management companies, each of which must qualify as an eligible independent contractor to operate our lodging properties. As a result, our financial position, results of operations and our ability to service debt and make distributions to stockholders are dependent on the ability of our management companies to operate our lodging properties successfully. Any failure of our management companies to provide quality services and amenities or maintain a quality brand name and reputation could have a negative effect on their ability to operate our lodging properties and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Even if we believe a lodging property is being operated inefficiently or in a manner that does not result in satisfactory operating results, we will have limited ability to require the management company to change its method of operation. We generally attempt to resolve issues with our management companies through discussions and negotiations, but otherwise will only be able to seek redress if a management company violates the terms of the applicable management agreement, and then only to the extent of the remedies provided for under the terms of the management agreement. If we replace the management company of any of our lodging properties, we may be required to pay a substantial termination fee and we may experience significant disruptions at the affected lodging property. 
 
 Furthermore, we have certain indemnifications from our property managers that generally protect us from financial losses due to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of our property managers. However, the indemnifications may be insufficient, or the property manager may not have the financial wherewithal to support their indemnification obligation to us. As such, the indemnification may not provide us with sufficient protection against third-party claims resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of our property managers in the operation of our lodging properties. 
 
 Our property managers or their affiliates manage, and in some cases own, have invested in, or provided credit support or operating guarantees to lodging properties that compete with our lodging properties, all of which may result in conflicts of interest. As a result, our managers may in the future make decisions regarding competing lodging facilities that are not or would not be in our best interest. 
 13 

Certain of our lodging properties are managed by affiliates of the franchisors for such lodging properties. In these situations, the management agreement and the franchise agreement are typically combined into one document. Thus, the termination of the management agreement due to poor performance or breach of the management agreement by the management company could also terminate our franchise license. Thus, we may have very limited options to remedy poor management performance if we desire to retain the franchise license. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 The management of a large number of lodging properties in our portfolio is currently concentrated with one property management company. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Aimbridge Hospitality or its affiliates Aimbridge managed 62 of our 103 lodging properties. Thus, a substantial portion of our revenues is generated by lodging properties managed by Aimbridge. This significant concentration of operational risk in one management company makes us more vulnerable economically than if our management was more evenly diversified among several management companies. Any adverse developments in Aimbridge's business, financial strength or ability to operate our lodging properties efficiently and effectively could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We cannot provide assurance that Aimbridge will satisfy its obligations to us or effectively and efficiently operate our lodging properties. The failure or inability of Aimbridge to satisfy its obligations to us or effectively and efficiently operate our lodging properties could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Our lodging properties may be clustered geographically increasing business risks based on adverse market conditions. 
 
 Our lodging properties are primarily located in the top 50 MSAs and 91 are located within the top 100 MSAs. In certain regions, we have lodging properties that are concentrated geographically, which may increase business risks based on adverse market conditions. Adverse market developments in a particular region, which themselves may become more frequent and severe due to climate change, could adversely affect lodging demand and rates. Also, adverse market developments caused by increased capacity in a region in which we are located could adversely affect rates or demand for our lodging properties due to increased competition. These conditions could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and cash generation. 
 
 Restrictive covenants and other provisions in management and franchise agreements could preclude us from taking actions with respect to the sale, refinancing or rebranding of a lodging property that would otherwise be in our best interest. 
 
 Our management agreements and franchise agreements generally contain restrictive covenants and other provisions that do not provide us with flexibility to sell, refinance or rebrand a lodging property without the consent of the manager or franchisor. For example, the terms of some of these agreements may restrict our ability to sell a lodging property unless the purchaser is not a competitor of the management company or franchisor, assumes the related agreement and meets specified other conditions. In addition, our franchise agreements restrict our ability to rebrand particular lodging properties without the consent of the franchisor, which could result in significant operational disruptions and litigation if we do not obtain the consent. We could be forced to pay consent or termination fees to property managers or franchisors under these agreements as a condition to changing management or franchise brands of our lodging properties, and these fees could deter us from taking actions that would otherwise be in our best interest or could cause us to incur substantial expense. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 14 

We are required to expend funds to maintain franchisor operating standards and we may experience a loss of a franchise license or a decline in the value of a franchise brand. 
 
 Our lodging properties operate under franchise agreements, and the maintenance of franchise licenses for our lodging properties is subject to our franchisors operating standards and other terms and conditions. We expect that franchisors will periodically inspect our lodging properties to ensure that we, our TRS Lessees and our property management companies maintain our franchisors standards. Failure by us, our TRS Lessees or our management companies to maintain these standards or other terms and conditions could result in a franchise license being terminated. If a franchise license terminates due to our failure to make required improvements or to otherwise comply with its terms, we could also be liable to the franchisor for a termination payment, which varies by franchisor and by lodging property. As a condition of our continued holding of a franchise license, a franchisor could also require us to make capital improvements to our lodging properties, even if we do not believe the improvements are necessary or desirable or would result in an acceptable return on our investment. 
 
 The loss of a franchise license could materially and adversely affect the operations or the underlying value of the lodging property because of the loss of associated name recognition, marketing support and centralized reservation systems provided by the franchisor. Because our lodging properties are concentrated with a limited number of franchise brands, a loss of all of the licenses for a particular franchise could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Negative publicity related to one of the franchise brands or the general decline of a brand also may adversely affect the underlying value of our lodging properties or result in a reduction in business. 
 
 We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs, and if we encounter difficulty in obtaining such capital, we may not be able to make future acquisitions necessary to grow our business or meet maturing obligations. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT under the IRC, we are required, among other things, to distribute each year to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. Because of this distribution requirement, we may not be able to fund, from cash retained from operations, all of our future capital needs, including capital needed to make investments and to satisfy or refinance maturing obligations. 
 
 We expect to continue to rely on external sources of capital, including debt and equity financing, and contributions from joint venture partners related to joint venture activities, to fund future capital needs. Part of our strategy involves the use of additional debt financing to supplement our equity capital which may include our revolving credit and term loan facilities, mortgage financing and other unsecured financing. Our ability to effectively implement and accomplish our business strategy will be affected by our ability to obtain and use additional leverage in sufficient amounts and on favorable terms. However, the capital environment is often characterized by extended periods of limited availability of both debt and equity financing, increasing financing costs, stringent credit terms and significant volatility. We may not be able to secure first mortgage financing or increase the availability under, extend the maturity of or refinance our revolving credit and term loan facilities. If we are unable to obtain needed capital on satisfactory terms or at all, we may not be able to make the investments needed to expand our business, or to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. Our access to capital will depend upon a number of factors over which we have little or no control, including general market conditions, the market s perception of our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions and the market price of the shares of our common stock. 
 
 Additionally, certain factors may have an adverse effect on our ability to access certain capital sources, including our financial performance, degree of leverage, the value of our unencumbered lodging properties, borrowing restrictions imposed by lenders, volatility in the equity and debt capital markets and other market conditions. We may not be in a position to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities for growth if we are unable to access the capital markets on a timely basis or on favorable terms. 
 
 We have a significant amount of debt, and our organizational documents have no limitation on the amount of additional indebtedness that we may incur in the future. 
 
 We have a significant amount of debt. In the future, we may incur additional indebtedness to finance future lodging property acquisitions, capital improvements and development activities and other general corporate purposes. In addition, there are no restrictions in our charter or bylaws that limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that we may incur or restrict the form in which our indebtedness will be incurred (including recourse or non-recourse debt or cross-collateralized debt). 
 
 15 

A substantial level of indebtedness could have adverse consequences for our business, results of operations and financial position because it could, among other things: 
 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our cash flow available to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes, including to pay dividends on our common stock and our preferred stock as currently contemplated or necessary to satisfy the requirements for qualification as a REIT; 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds or refinance indebtedness on favorable terms or at all to expand our business or ease liquidity constraints; and 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to competitors that have less indebtedness. 
 
 Generally, our mortgage debt carries maturity dates or call dates such that the loans become due prior to their full amortization. It may be difficult to refinance or extend the maturity of such loans on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and we may not have sufficient borrowing capacity on our 2018 Senior Credit Facility to repay any amounts that we are unable to refinance. Although we believe that we will be able to refinance or extend the maturity of these loans, or will have the capacity to repay them, if necessary, using draws under our 2018 Senior Credit Facility, there can be no assurance that our 2018 Senior Credit Facility will be available to repay such maturing debt, as draws under our 2018 Senior Credit Facility are subject to certain use restrictions and limitations based upon our unencumbered assets and certain financial covenants. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, reducing operational flexibility and creating default risks. 
 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain covenants that place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. These covenants may restrict, among other activities, our and our subsidiaries ability to: 
 
 merge, consolidate or transfer all or substantially all of our or our subsidiaries assets; 
 sell, transfer, pledge or encumber our stock or the ownership interests of our subsidiaries; 
 incur additional debt or place mortgages on our unencumbered hotels; 
 make certain investments in lodging properties or other assets; 
 enter into, terminate or modify leases for our lodging properties and property management and franchise agreements; 
 make certain expenditures, including capital expenditures; 
 undertake construction of certain development assets if aggregate budgeted costs for such assets exceeds a specified percentage of total asset value; 
 pay dividends on or repurchase our capital stock; and 
 enter into certain transactions with affiliates. 
 
 These covenants could impair our ability to grow our business, take advantage of attractive business opportunities or successfully compete. Our ability to comply with financial and other covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. A breach of any of these covenants or covenants under any other agreements governing our indebtedness could result in an event of default. Cross-default provisions in our debt agreements could cause an event of default under one debt agreement to trigger an event of default under our other debt agreements. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under any of our debt agreements, the lenders could exercise their remedies available under the terms of the loan agreements, which could include accelerating outstanding debt to be immediately due and payable. If we were unable to repay or refinance the accelerated debt, the lenders could proceed against any assets pledged to secure that debt, including foreclosing on equity pledges or foreclosing on or requiring the sale of our lodging properties, and the proceeds from the sale of these assets may not be sufficient to repay such debt in full. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 16 

Secured debt obligations expose us to the possibility of foreclosure, which could result in the loss of our investment in any lodging property subject to mortgage debt or equity pledges. 
 
 All of our long-term debt existing as of December 31, 2022 is secured by mortgages on our lodging properties and related assets or pledges of the equity in our TRS Lessee subsidiaries, the subsidiaries that own our lodging properties, or both. Incurring mortgages, equity pledges and other secured debt obligations increases our risk of property losses because defaults on secured indebtedness may result in foreclosure actions initiated by lenders and ultimately our loss of the lodging property securing such loans or of the entities whose equity is pledged to secure such loans, which would include a loss of all of such entity's assets. For tax purposes, a foreclosure of any of our lodging properties would be treated as a sale of the lodging property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the lodging property, we would recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but would not receive any cash proceeds, which could hinder our ability to meet the REIT distribution requirements imposed by the IRC. We may assume or incur new mortgage or other secured indebtedness on the lodging properties and entities in our portfolio or lodging properties and entities that we acquire in the future. Any default under any one of our secured debt obligations may increase the risk of our default on our other indebtedness. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on our variable rate debt and could have broader effects on the cost of capital for real estate companies and real estate asset values. 
 
 With respect to our existing and future variable-rate debt, an increase in interest rates would increase our interest payments and reduce our cash flow available for other general corporate purposes, including funding of working capital, capital improvements to our lodging properties, acquisitions of additional lodging properties, or dividends, among other things. In addition, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures and increase interest costs on any debt that is refinanced. Further, an increase in interest rates could increase the cost of capital for real estate assets which, in turn, could have a negative effect on real estate asset values generally, and our lodging properties specifically. 
 
 See Part II Item 7A . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 We hedge our interest rate exposure to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility, however, such arrangements may adversely affect us. 
 
 We have entered into six interest rate swaps having an aggregate notional amount of 600.0 million at December 31, 2022, to hedge against interest rate increases on certain of our outstanding variable-rate indebtedness. In the future, we may manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using hedging arrangements, such as interest rate swaps, caps, and collars. Hedging arrangements involve the risk that the arrangement may fail to protect or adversely affect us because, among other things: 
 
 interest rate hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of volatile interest rates; 
 available interest rate hedges may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought; 
 the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related liability; 
 the credit quality of the hedging counterparty owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to collect, sell, or assign our side of the hedging transaction; and 
 the hedging counterparty owing money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay. 
 
 As a result of any of the foregoing, our hedging transactions, which are intended to limit losses and exposure to interest rate volatility, could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. At December 31, 2022, our interest rate swaps were in an asset position totaling 16.8 million (see "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 8 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging "). 
 
 17 

Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. 
 
 We depend on the efforts and expertise of our management team to manage our day-to-day operations and strategic business activities. The loss of services from any of the members of our management team, and our inability to find suitable replacements on a timely basis, could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 We could incur uninsured and underinsured losses. 
 
 We intend to maintain comprehensive insurance on our lodging properties, including liability, fire and extended coverage, of the type and amount we believe are customarily obtained for or by owners of properties similar to our lodging properties. Various types of catastrophic losses, such as hurricanes, floods and droughts, which can be exacerbated by climate change, or other losses caused by earthquakes, acts of terrorism, data breaches, losses related to business disruption from disputes with franchisors, losses related to business disruption caused by the Pandemic, or losses from customer litigation, may not be insurable or may not be economically insurable. In the event of a substantial loss, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the operating loss or the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a lodging property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the lodging property. In that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the asset. Loan covenants, inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors might also keep us from using insurance proceeds to replace or renovate an asset after it has been damaged or destroyed. Under those circumstances, the insurance proceeds we receive might be inadequate to restore our economic position on the damaged or destroyed lodging properties. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price 
 of our stock. 
 
 System security risks, data protection breaches, cyber-attacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or services provided to guests at our lodging properties, and any such disruption could reduce our expected revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely affect our stock price. 
 
 We and our third-party managers and franchisors rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic customer information. These systems require the collection and retention of large volumes of the personally identifiable information of the guests of our lodging properties, including credit card numbers. We purchase some of our information technology from vendors, on whom our systems depend. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential customer information, such as personally identifiable information, including information relating to financial accounts. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of our information systems and the data maintained in those systems, it is possible that our safety and security measures will not be able to prevent the systems improper functioning or damage, or the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in both frequency and magnitude as threat actors are becoming increasingly sophisticated in using techniques that circumvent controls, evade detection, and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence, which means that we and our third-party providers may be unable to detect, investigate, contain or recover from future attacks or incidents in a timely or effective manner. 
 
 Cyber criminals may be able to penetrate our network security, or the network security of our property managers and franchisors, and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of the guests of our lodging properties, create system disruptions or cause the shutdown of our lodging properties. Computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack our computer systems, or the computer systems operated by our third-party property managers and franchisors, or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our respective networks. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we and our third-party property managers or franchisors may procure from outside companies may contain defects in design or manufacture, including bugs and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with our internal operations or the operations at our lodging properties. 
 18 

The costs to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential business at our lodging properties. Many of the information systems and networks used to operate our lodging properties are managed by our third-party property managers or franchisors and are not under our control. Any compromise of the function, security and availability of the information networks managed by our third-party property managers or franchisors could result in disruptions to operations, delayed sales or bookings, lost guest reservations, increased costs and lower margins. In addition, the Pandemic has increased cybersecurity risk as a result of global remote working dynamics for our customers, employees and third-party providers that present additional opportunities for threat actors to engage in social engineering and to exploit vulnerabilities in non-corporate networks. Any of these events could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation, result in misstated financial reports and subject us to potential litigation and liability. 
 
 Portions of our information technology infrastructure or the information technology infrastructure of our third-party property managers and franchisors also may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. We or our third-party property managers and franchisors may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be expensive, time consuming, disruptive and resource-intensive. Such disruptions could adversely affect the ability of our third-party property managers and franchisors to fulfill reservations for guestrooms and other services offered at our lodging properties. 
 
 Although we work with our third-party property managers and franchisors to protect the security of our information systems, and the data maintained in these systems, there can be no assurance that the security measures we have taken will prevent failures, inadequacies or interruptions in system services, or that system security will not be breached through physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses or attacks by hackers. The increased level of sophistication and volume of attacks in recent years make it more difficult to predict the effect of a future breach. In addition, we rely on the security systems of our third-party property managers and franchisors to protect proprietary and guest information from these threats. 
 
 All of our third-party property managers carry cyber insurance policies to protect and offset a portion of potential costs that may be incurred from a security breach. Additionally, we currently have cyber insurance policies to provide supplemental coverage above the coverage carried by our third-party property managers. Despite various precautionary steps to protect our lodging properties from losses resulting from cyber-attacks, any occurrence of a cyber-attack could still result in losses at our properties, which could affect our results of operations. We have not experienced any cyber incidents that we believe to be material or that could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Any of these items could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by a lack of sole decision-making authority with respect to such investments, disputes with joint venture partners, and the financial condition of joint venture partners. 
 
 We have in the past and may in the future enter into strategic joint ventures with unaffiliated investors to acquire, develop, improve or dispose of lodging properties, thereby reducing the amount of capital required by us to make investments and diversifying our capital sources for growth. We may not have sole decision-making authority with respect to these investments, and as a result we may not be able to take actions which are in the best interest of our stockholders. Further, disputes between us and our joint venture partners may result in litigation or arbitration which could increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business and could result in subjecting the lodging properties owned by the applicable joint venture to additional risks. 
 
 If a joint venture partner becomes bankrupt or otherwise defaults on its obligations under a joint venture agreement, we and any other remaining joint venture partners of that joint venture would generally remain liable for the joint venture liabilities. Furthermore, if a joint venture partner becomes bankrupt or otherwise defaults on its obligations under a joint venture agreement, we may be unable to continue the joint venture other than by purchasing such joint venture partner s interests or the underlying assets at a premium to the market price. If any of the above risks are realized, it could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 19 

Inflation may affect consumer confidence which could reduce consumer demand for lodging, and may increase our operating costs, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business is generally correlated to certain macroeconomic trends. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the U.S. economy has experienced the highest rate of inflation in the past 40 years. The effects of high inflation or a potential recessionary environment could adversely affect our costs, liquidity, consumer confidence, and demand for travel and lodging and could disrupt our supply chain, which would adversely affect the operation of our lodging properties. A high rate of inflation or disruption of our supply chain will cause our operating and renovation costs to increase. Additionally, if the United States experiences a recession, we would have to manage our costs and capital investments accordingly, which could adversely affect our near-term growth. These conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may provide mezzanine financing to developers or seller financing in connection with the disposition of a lodging property which exposes us to credit financing risk in the case of a borrower default, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We selectively provide mezzanine financing to developers, where we also have the opportunity to acquire the lodging property at or after the completion of the development project, and we also provide seller financing in connection with the disposition of a lodging property under limited circumstances. As such, we are subject to credit financing risk in the case of a borrower default. These conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to the Lodging Industry 
 
 The outbreak of any highly infectious or contagious diseases, could adversely affect the number of guests visiting our lodging properties and disrupt our operations, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business is sensitive to the willingness and ability of our customers to travel. The outbreak of any highly infectious or contagious diseases, such as COVID-19 and its variants, may result in decreases in travel to and from, and economic activity in, areas in which we operate, and may adversely affect the number of guests that visit our lodging properties. The spread of highly infectious or contagious diseases could cause severe disruptions in air and other forms of travel that reduce the number of guests visiting our lodging properties. This could disrupt our operations and we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Management cannot predict the extent to which disruptions in travel as a result of infectious disease outbreaks, such as COVID-19 and its variants, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The Pandemic has disrupted and may continue to disrupt our business, which could further materially adversely affect our operations, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 The Pandemic materially adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. The extent to which the Pandemic will continue to affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations, will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the residual effects of the Pandemic on the domestic and global economies; the long-term effects on the demand for guestrooms and levels of consumer confidence; the long-term effects on business travel or group demand for guestrooms; the long-term effects of government actions taken to mitigate the effects of the Pandemic; access to labor; and reductions in business and consumer discretionary spending. It is possible that the Pandemic may continue to cause disruptions in our supply-chain, which may cause an increase in renovation and operating costs, including the availability of and our access to labor. Supply-chain disruptions could also limit our access to critical operating supplies. Regardless of the extent or duration of the Pandemic, the perceived risk of infection or health risk may adversely affect consumer confidence, which will adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 20 

Economic conditions may adversely affect the lodging industry. 
 
 The performance of the lodging industry has historically been directly correlated to the performance of the general economy and, specifically, growth in U.S. gross domestic product GDP ). The lodging industry is also sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. Declines in corporate budgets and consumer demand due to adverse general economic conditions, risks affecting or reducing travel patterns, lower consumer confidence or adverse political conditions can lower the revenue and profitability of our assets and therefore the net operating profits of our investments. Economic weakness could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 We experience a high level of competition from other hotels and alternative accommodations in the markets in which we operate. 
 
 The lodging industry is highly competitive. Our lodging properties compete with other properties for guests in each market in which our lodging properties operate based on a number of factors, including location, convenience, brand affiliation, guestroom rates, range of services and guest amenities or accommodations offered and quality of customer service. We also compete with numerous owners and operators of vacation ownership resorts, as well as companies that offer alternative accommodations, such as Airbnb and similar organizations, which operate websites that market available furnished, privately-owned residential properties, including homes and condominiums, that can be rented on a nightly, weekly or monthly basis. Competition will often be specific to the individual markets in which our lodging properties are located and includes competition from existing and new lodging properties, including alternative accommodations. The price transparency of the lodging industry could lead to difficulty in increasing ADR as our competitors may offer guestrooms at lower rates than we can, which could result in our competitors increasing their occupancy at our expense. Competition could adversely affect our occupancy, ADR and RevPAR, and may require us to provide additional amenities or make capital improvements that we otherwise would not have to make. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Our operating results and ability to make distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected by the risks inherent to the ownership of lodging properties and the markets in which we operate. 
 
 Lodging properties have different economic characteristics than many other real estate assets. A typical office property owner, for example, has long-term leases with third-party tenants, which provide a relatively stable long-term stream of revenue. By contrast, our lodging properties are subject to various operating risks common to the lodging industry, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 
 
 relatively short-duration occupancies; 
 dependence on business and commercial travelers and tourism; 
 over-building of lodging properties in our markets, which could adversely affect occupancy and revenue at the lodging properties we acquire; 
 increases in energy costs and other expenses affecting travel, which may affect travel patterns and reduce the number of business and commercial travelers and tourists; 
 increases in operating costs, including increased real estate and personal property taxes, due to inflation and other factors that may not be offset by increased guestroom rates; 
 potential increases in labor costs at our lodging properties, including as a result of unionization of the labor force, and increasing health care insurance expense; 
 changes in governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances; 
 adverse effects of international, national, regional and local economic and market conditions; and 
 unforeseen events beyond our control, such as instability in the national, European or global economy, terrorist attacks, travel-related health concerns including pandemics and epidemics, travel-related environmental concerns including water contamination and air pollution, political instability, regional hostilities, increases in fuel prices, imposition of taxes or surcharges by regulatory authorities and travel-related accidents and unusual weather patterns, including natural disasters such as hurricanes. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 21 

We have significant ongoing needs to make capital expenditures at our lodging properties, which require us to devote funds to these purposes. 
 
 Our lodging properties have an ongoing need for renovations and other capital improvements, including replacements, from time to time, of furniture, fixtures and equipment. Our franchisors also require periodic capital improvements as a condition of keeping the franchise licenses. In addition, our lenders and property management companies may require that we set aside annual amounts for capital improvements to our assets. These capital improvements and replacements may give rise to the following risks: 
 
 possible environmental problems; 
 construction cost overruns and delays, including the effect of supply-chain disruptions; 
 defects in design or construction; 
 a possible shortage of available cash to fund capital improvements and replacements and, the related possibility that financing for these capital improvements may not be available to us on affordable terms; and 
 uncertainties as to market demand or a loss of market demand after capital improvements and replacements have begun. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Development of lodging properties is subject to timing, budgeting and other risks. 
 
 We have in the past and may in the future develop lodging properties or acquire lodging properties that are under development as suitable opportunities arise, taking into consideration general economic conditions. The development of lodging properties involves a number of risks, including the following: 
 
 possible environmental problems; 
 construction cost overruns and delays; 
 receipt of and expense related to zoning, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations; 
 development costs incurred for projects that are not pursued to completion; 
 acts of God such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods or fires that could adversely affect a project; 
 inability to raise capital; and 
 governmental restrictions on the nature or size of a project. 
 
 To the extent we develop lodging properties or acquire lodging properties under development, we cannot provide assurance that any development project will be completed on time or within budget. Our inability to complete a project on time or within budget could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Customers may increasingly use Internet travel intermediaries. 
 
 Guestrooms for our lodging properties can be booked through Internet travel intermediaries, including, but not limited to Expedia.com and Booking.com, and their portfolio of companies (commonly referred to as "online travel agents" or "OTA's"). As these Internet bookings increase, these intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions, reduced guestroom rates or other significant contract concessions from our property management companies. Moreover, some of these Internet travel intermediaries are attempting to offer lodging property guestrooms as a commodity, by increasing the importance of price and general indicators of quality (such as three-star downtown property at the expense of brand identification. These agencies hope that consumers will eventually develop brand loyalties to their reservations system rather than to the brands under which our lodging properties are franchised. If the amount of sales made through Internet intermediaries increases significantly, guestroom revenue may flatten or decrease, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 22 

Consumer trends and preferences, particularly with respect to younger generations, could change away from select-service lodging properties. 
 
 Consumer trends and preferences continuously change, especially within younger generations. Many new lodging property brands have been introduced over recent years to specifically address the perceived unique needs and preferences of younger travelers. As our portfolio is concentrated in select-service hotels, significant consumer shifts in preferences away from select-service hotels could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry and Real Estate-Related Investments 
 
 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our lodging properties or to adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions. 
 
 Our ability to promptly sell one or more lodging properties in our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions may be limited. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any lodging properties for the price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of an asset. As such, the composition of our portfolio may be difficult to vary in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions. The real estate market is also affected by many factors that are beyond our control, including: 
 
 adverse changes in international, national, regional and local economic and market conditions; 
 changes in interest rates and in the availability, cost and terms of debt financing; 
 governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances and any changes thereto; 
 the ongoing need for capital improvements, particularly in older structures, that may require us to periodically close or partially close our assets for renovation and expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before an asset can be sold; 
 changes in operating expenses; and 
 civil unrest, acts of God, including earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters, which may result in uninsured losses, and acts of war or terrorism, environmental uncertainties, or outbreaks of highly infectious diseases or pandemics, such as COVID-19. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 We could incur significant costs related to government regulation and litigation over environmental, health and safety matters. 
 
 Our lodging properties and development land parcels are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws that impose liability for contamination. Under these laws, governmental entities have the authority to require us, as the current or former owner of the property, to perform or pay for the cleanup of contamination (including hazardous substances, waste or petroleum products) at or emanating from the property and to pay for natural resource damage arising from contamination. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the contamination. We can also be liable to private parties for costs of remediation, personal injury and death or property damage resulting from contamination at or emanating from our properties. Moreover, environmental contamination can affect the value of a property and, therefore, an owner s ability to borrow funds using the property as collateral or to sell the property on favorable terms or at all. Furthermore, persons who sent waste to a waste disposal facility, such as a landfill or an incinerator, may be liable for costs associated with cleanup of that facility. 
 
 23 

In addition, our lodging properties (including our real property, operations and equipment) are subject to various federal, state and local environmental, health and safety regulatory requirements that address a wide variety of issues, including, but not limited to the registration, maintenance and operation of our boilers and storage tanks, air emissions from emergency generators, storm water and wastewater discharges, asbestos, lead-based paint, mold and mildew, and waste management. Some of our lodging properties also routinely handle or use hazardous or regulated substances and waste in their operations (for example, swimming pool chemicals or biological waste). Our lodging properties incur costs to comply with these environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and if these regulatory requirements are not met or unforeseen events result in the discharge of dangerous or toxic substances at our lodging properties, we could be subject to fines and penalties for non-compliance with applicable laws and material liability from third parties for harm to the environment, damage to real property or personal injury and death. We are aware of no past or present environmental liability for non-compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or results of operations. 
 
 Certain lodging properties we currently own or those we acquire in the future contain, may contain, or may have contained, asbestos-containing material ACM ). Environmental, health and safety laws require that ACM be properly managed and maintained, and include requirements to undertake special precautions, such as removal or abatement, if ACM would be disturbed during maintenance, renovation, or demolition of a building. These laws regarding ACM may impose fines and penalties on building owners, employers and operators for failure to comply with these requirements or expose us to third-party liability. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Compliance with the laws, regulations and covenants that apply to our lodging properties, including permit, license and zoning requirements, may adversely affect our ability to make future acquisitions or renovations, result in significant costs or delays and adversely affect our growth strategy. 
 
 Our lodging properties are subject to various covenants and local laws and regulatory requirements, including permitting and licensing requirements which can restrict the use of our properties and increase the cost of acquisition, development and operation of our lodging properties. Our lodging properties are also subject to regulations intended to address the risk of highly infectious diseases, such as COVID-19, which can restrict certain activities of our lodging properties and result in increased costs. In addition, federal and state laws and regulations, including laws such as the ADA, impose further restrictions on our operations. Under the ADA, all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. We have not conducted a comprehensive audit or investigation of all of our properties to determine our compliance. As such, some of our lodging properties currently may be in noncompliance with the ADA. If one or more of the lodging properties in our portfolio is not in compliance with the ADA or any other regulatory requirements, we may be required to incur additional costs to bring the property into compliance and we might incur damages or governmental fines. In addition, existing requirements may change and future requirements may require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures. 
 
 These conditions could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 We have fixed obligations related to right-of-use assets on which certain of our lodging properties are located. 
 
 If we default on the terms of any of our right-of-use assets, such as ground leases, air rights or other intangible assets, and are unable to cure the default in a timely manner, we may be liable for damages and could lose our leasehold interest in the applicable property and interest in the lodging property on the ground lease property. An event of default that is not timely cured could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 24 

The states and localities in which we own material amounts of property or conduct material business operations could raise their income and property tax rates or amend their tax regimes in a manner that increases our state and local tax liabilities. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries are subject to income tax and other taxes by states and localities in which we conduct business. Additionally, we are and will continue to be subject to property taxes in states and localities in which we own property, and our TRS Lessees are and will continue to be subject to state and local corporate income tax. As these states and localities seek additional sources of revenue, they may, among other steps, raise income and property tax rates or amend their tax regimes to eliminate for state income tax purposes the favorable tax treatment REITs enjoy for federal income tax purposes. We cannot predict when or if any states or localities would make any such changes, or what form those changes would take. If states and localities in which we own material amounts of property or conduct material amounts of business make changes to their tax rates or tax regimes that increase our state and local tax liabilities, such increases could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 
 Our fiduciary duties as the general partner of our Operating Partnership could create conflicts of interest. 
 
 We, through our wholly-owned subsidiary that serves as the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership, have fiduciary duties to our Operating Partnership s limited partners, the discharge of which may conflict with the interests of our stockholders. The limited partners of our Operating Partnership have agreed for so long as we own a controlling interest in our Operating Partnership that, in the event of a conflict between the duties owed by our directors to our company and the duties that we owe, in our capacity as the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership, to the limited partners, our directors must give priority to the interests of our stockholders. In addition, those persons holding Common Units have the right to vote on certain amendments to the limited partnership agreement (which require approval by a majority interest of the limited partners, including us) and individually to approve certain amendments that would adversely affect their rights, as well as the right to vote on mergers and consolidations of the general partner or us in certain limited circumstances. These voting rights may be exercised in a manner that conflicts with the interests of our stockholders. For example, we cannot adversely affect the limited partners rights to receive distributions, as set forth in the limited partnership agreement, without their consent, even though modifying such rights might be in the best interest of our stockholders generally. 
 
 Provisions of our charter may limit the ability of a third-party to acquire control of us by authorizing our board of directors to issue additional securities. 
 
 Our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of our shares or the number of shares of any class or series that we have the authority to issue and to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock, and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As a result, our board of directors may authorize the issuance of additional shares or establish a series of common or preferred stock that may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company, including transactions at a premium over the market price of our shares, even if stockholders believe that a change in control is in their interest. These provisions, along with the restrictions on ownership and transfer contained in our charter and certain provisions of Maryland law described below, could discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or make it more difficult for a third-party to gain control of us, which could adversely affect the market price of our securities. 
 
 Provisions of Maryland law may limit the ability of a third-party to acquire control of us by requiring our board of directors or stockholders to approve proposals to acquire our company or effect a change in control. 
 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL applicable to Maryland corporations may have the effect of inhibiting a third-party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could provide our stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such shares, including business combination and control share provisions. 
 
 By resolution of our board of directors, we have opted out of the business combination provisions of the MGCL and provided that any business combination between us and any other person is exempt from the business combination provisions of the MGCL, provided that the business combination is first approved by our board of directors (including a majority of directors who are not affiliates or associates of such persons). In addition, pursuant to a provision in our bylaws, we have opted out of the control share provisions of the MGCL. However, our board of directors may by resolution elect to opt into the business combination provisions of the MGCL and we may, by amendment to our bylaws, opt into the control share provisions of the MGCL in the future. 
 25 

Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 
 
 Under Maryland law, generally, a director will not be liable if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In addition, our charter limits the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from: 
 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 
 active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 
 Our charter authorizes us to indemnify our directors and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. Our bylaws require us to indemnify each director and officer, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service to us. In addition, we may be obligated to advance the defense costs incurred by our directors and officers. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist absent the current provisions in our charter and bylaws or that might exist with other companies. 
 
 Our stockholders have limited voting rights and our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult. 
 
 Our shares of common stock are the only class of our securities that carry full voting rights. Voting rights for holders of our preferred stock exist primarily with respect to the ability to elect two additional directors to our board of directors in the event that six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the preferred stock are in arrears, and with respect to voting on amendments to our charter or articles supplementary relating to the preferred stock that materially and adversely affect the rights of the holders of preferred stock or create additional classes or series of senior equity securities. However, NewcrestImage has the right to designate one person for election to our board of directors in connection with the Director Nomination Agreement entered into as part of the NCI Transaction, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 Our charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause (as defined in our charter) and then only by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. Our charter also provides that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if less than a quorum. These requirements prevent stockholders from removing directors except for cause and with a substantial affirmative vote and from replacing directors with their own nominees and may prevent a change in control of our company or effect other management changes that are in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 The ability of our board of directors to change our major policies without the consent of stockholders may not be in our stockholders interest. 
 
 Our board of directors determines our major policies, including policies and guidelines relating to our acquisitions, leverage, financing, growth, operations and distributions to stockholders. Our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies and guidelines from time to time without the vote or consent of our stockholders. Accordingly, our stockholders will have limited control over changes in our policies and those changes could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Our board of directors has the ability to revoke our REIT qualification without stockholder approval. 
 
 Our charter provides that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. If we cease to be a REIT, we would become subject to federal income tax on our taxable income and would no longer be required to distribute most of our taxable income to our stockholders, which may have adverse consequences on the total return to our stockholders. 
 
 26 

We are a holding company with no direct operations. As a result, we rely on funds received from our Operating Partnership to pay liabilities and dividends, our stockholders claims will be structurally subordinated to all liabilities of our Operating Partnership and our stockholders will not have any voting rights with respect to our Operating Partnership activities, including the issuance of additional Common Units or Preferred Units. 
 
 We are a holding company and conduct all of our operations through our Operating Partnership. We do not have, apart from our ownership of our Operating Partnership, any independent operations. As a result, we rely on distributions from our Operating Partnership to pay any dividends we might declare on shares of our common or preferred stock. We also rely on distributions from our Operating Partnership to meet any of our obligations, including tax liabilities on taxable income allocated to us from our Operating Partnership (which might make distributions to us that do not equal the tax on such allocated taxable income). 
 
 In addition, because we are a holding company, stockholders claims will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations (whether or not for borrowed money) of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, including the Convertible Notes (defined below under "Part II. - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources" ). Therefore, in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, claims of our stockholders will be satisfied only after all of our and our Operating Partnership s and its subsidiaries liabilities and obligations have been paid in full. 
 
 We own approximately 87.0 of the Common Units in the Operating Partnership, all of the issued and outstanding 6.25 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units of the Operating Partnership Series E Preferred Units ), and all of the issued and outstanding 5.875 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units of the Operating Partnership ("Series F Preferred Units"). An unrelated third-party owns all of the issued and outstanding Series Z Preferred Units that were issued in January 2022 as part of the NCI Transaction. Any future issuances by our Operating Partnership of additional Common Units or Preferred Units could reduce our ownership percentage in our Operating Partnership. Because our common stockholders do not directly own any Common Units or Preferred Units, they will not have any voting rights with respect to any such issuances or other partnership-level activities of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to produce and report accurate financial information on a timely basis or prevent fraud. 
 
 A system of internal controls that is well designed and properly functioning is critical for us to produce and report accurate and reliable financial information and effectively prevent fraud. We must also rely on the quality of the internal control environments of our third-party property managers who provide us with financial information related to our lodging properties. At times, we may identify areas of internal controls that are not properly functioning as designed, that need improvement or that must be developed to ensure that we have an adequate system of internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal controls over financial reporting and have our independent auditors annually issue their own opinion on our internal controls over financial reporting. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in maintaining adequate internal controls over our financial reporting and processes. Additionally, as we grow our business, our internal controls will become more complex and we will require significantly more resources to ensure that our internal controls remain effective. If we or our independent auditors discover a material weakness, the disclosure of that fact, even if promptly remedied, could cause our stockholders to lose confidence in our financial results, which could reduce the market value of our common shares. Additionally, the existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency could require management to devote substantial time and incur significant expense to remediate any such conditions. There can be no assurance that management will be able to remediate any material weaknesses in a timely manner. 
 
 27 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 
 The New York Stock Exchange NYSE or another nationally-recognized exchange may not continue to list our securities. 
 
 Our common stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol INN, our 6.25 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol INN-PE, and our 5.875 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol "INN-PF." In order for our securities to remain listed, we are required to meet the continued listing requirements of the NYSE or, in the alternative, any other nationally-recognized exchange to which we apply. We may be unable to satisfy those listing requirements, and there is no guarantee our securities will remain listed on a nationally-recognized exchange. If our securities are delisted from the NYSE or another nationally-recognized exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 
 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 a limited ability of our stockholders to make transactions in our securities; 
 additional trading restrictions being placed on us; 
 reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; 
 a determination that our common stock is penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for the common stock; 
 a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 The cash available for distribution may not be sufficient to make distributions at expected levels and we may use borrowed funds or funds from other sources to make distributions. 
 
 Distributions declared by us will be authorized by our board of directors in its sole discretion out of funds legally available for distribution and will depend upon a number of factors, including limitations imposed by our credit facilities, restrictions under applicable law and the capital requirements of our company. All distributions will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, the requirements for qualification as a REIT, restrictions under applicable law and other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. We may be required to fund distributions from working capital, borrowings under our 2018 Senior Credit Facility, proceeds of future stock offerings or a sale of assets to the extent distributions exceed earnings or cash flows from operations. Funding distributions from working capital would restrict our operations. If we borrow from our 2018 Senior Credit Facility to pay distributions, we would be more limited in our ability to execute our strategy of using our 2018 Senior Credit Facility to fund acquisitions or capital expenditures. Finally, selling assets may require us to dispose of assets at a time or in a manner that is not consistent with our disposition strategy. If we borrow to fund distributions, our leverage ratios and future interest costs would increase, thereby reducing our earnings and cash available for distribution from what they otherwise would have been. We may not be able to make distributions in the future. In addition, some of our distributions may be considered a return of capital for income tax purposes. If we decide to make distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, such distributions would generally be considered a return of capital for federal income tax purposes to the extent of the holder s adjusted tax basis in their shares. A return of capital is not taxable, but it has the effect of reducing the holder s adjusted tax basis in its investment. If distributions exceed the adjusted tax basis of a holder s shares, they will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such stock. 
 
 28 

The market price of our stock may be volatile due to numerous circumstances beyond our control. 
 
 The trading prices of equity securities issued by REITs and other real estate companies historically have been affected by changes in market interest rates. One of the factors that may influence the market price of our common or preferred stock is the annual yield from distributions on our common or preferred stock, respectively, as compared to yields on other financial instruments. An increase in market interest rates, or a decrease in our distributions to stockholders, may lead prospective purchasers of our common or preferred stock to demand a higher annual yield, which could reduce the market price of our common or preferred stock, respectively. 
 
 Other factors that could affect the market price of our stock include the following: 
 
 actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly results of operations; 
 increases in interest rates; 
 changes in market valuations of companies in the lodging industry; 
 changes in expectations of future financial performance or changes in estimates of securities analysts; 
 fluctuations in stock market prices and volumes; 
 our issuances of common stock, preferred stock, convertible notes or other securities in the future; 
 the inclusion of our common stock and preferred stock in equity indices, which could induce additional purchases; 
 the exclusion of our common stock and preferred stock from equity indices; 
 the addition or departure of key personnel; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances; 
 unforeseen events beyond our control, such as instability in the national, European or global economy, terrorist attacks, travel-related health concerns including pandemics and epidemics, political instability, regional hostilities, increases in fuel prices, imposition of taxes or surcharges by regulatory authorities and travel-related accidents and unusual weather patterns, including natural disasters; and 
 changes in the tax laws or regulations to which we are subject. 
 
 The market s perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future cash distributions, whether from operations, sales or refinancings, as well as the real estate market value of the underlying assets, may cause our common and preferred stock to trade at prices that differ from our net asset value per share. If we retain operating cash flow for investment purposes, working capital reserves or other purposes, these retained funds, while increasing the value of our underlying assets, may not correspondingly increase the market price of our common and preferred stock. Our failure to meet the market s expectations with regard to future earnings and distributions likely would adversely affect the market price of our common and preferred stock. 
 
 The trading market for our stock may rely in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover us downgrades our stock or our industry, or the stock of any of our competitors, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company, we could lose attention in the market, which in turn could cause the price of our stock to decline. 
 
 The number of shares of our common stock and preferred stock available for future sale could adversely affect the market price per share of our common stock and preferred stock, respectively, and future sales by us of shares of our common stock, preferred stock, or issuances by our Operating Partnership of Common Units may be dilutive to existing stockholders. 
 
 Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock or preferred stock in the public market, or upon exchange of Common Units or exercise of any equity awards, or the perception that such sales might occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and preferred stock. As of February 10, 2023, all 15,976,807 of the Common Units are redeemable and may in the future be converted into shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis and sold into the public market. The exchange of Common Units for common stock, the vesting of any equity-based awards granted to certain directors, executive officers and other employees under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, which was amended and restated effective May 13, 2021 (as amended and restated, the Equity Plan ), the issuance of our common stock or Common Units in connection with lodging property, portfolio or business acquisitions and other issuances of our common stock or Common Units could have an adverse effect on the market price of the shares of our common stock. 
 
 29 

We may execute future offerings of debt securities, which would be senior to our common and preferred stock upon liquidation, and issuances of equity securities (including Common Units). 
 
 In the future we may offer debt securities and issue equity securities, including convertible notes, Common Units, preferred stock or other preferred shares that may be senior to our common stock for purposes of dividend distributions or upon liquidation. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities and our preferred shares will receive distributions of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Holders of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against us offering senior debt or equity securities. Therefore, additional common share issuances, directly or through convertible or exchangeable securities (including Common Units), warrants or options, will dilute the holdings of our existing common stockholders and such issuances or the perception of such issuances may reduce the market price of our common stock. In addition, new issues of preferred stock could have a preference on liquidating distributions and a preference on dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay a dividend or make another distribution to the holders of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of future issuances. Thus, our stockholders bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their interest in us. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 
 
 Failure to remain qualified as a REIT would cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation. 
 
 The REIT rules and regulations are highly technical and complex. We believe that our organization and method of operation has enabled us to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT commencing with our short taxable year ended December 31, 2011. However, we cannot provide assurance that we will remain qualified as a REIT. 
 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT could result from a number of situations, including, without limitation: 
 
 if the leases of our lodging properties to our TRS Lessees are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes; 
 if our Operating Partnership is treated as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes; 
 if our existing or future property management companies do not qualify as eligible independent contractors or if our lodging properties are not qualified lodging facilities, as required by federal income tax law; or 
 if we fail to meet any of the required REIT qualifications. 
 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for distributions to our stockholders because: 
 
 we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates; 
 we could be subject to increased state and local taxes; and 
 unless we are entitled to relief under certain federal income tax laws, we could not re-elect REIT status until the fifth calendar year after the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will no longer be required to make distributions. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and it could adversely affect the value of our stock. 
 
 Even if we continue to qualify as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities. 
 
 Even if we continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets including, but not limited to taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure, and state or local income, property and transfer taxes. In addition, our TRSs are subject to regular corporate federal, state and local taxes. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distributions to stockholders. 
 
 30 

Failure to make required distributions would subject us to federal corporate income tax. 
 
 We intend to operate in a manner so as to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. To qualify as a REIT, we generally are required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain, each year to our stockholders. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 non-deductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under the IRC. 
 
 The REIT distribution requirements may adversely affect our operations. 
 
 To satisfy the requirements for qualification as a REIT and to meet the REIT distribution requirements, we may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis or sell assets, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings or sales. Our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to fund required distributions as a result of differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and the recognition of income for federal income tax purposes, limits on our ability or the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to deduct interest expense from borrowings under Section 163(j) of the IRC, the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves, required debt service or amortization payments. Our REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and may force us to borrow funds or sell assets during unfavorable market conditions or pay taxable stock dividends. The insufficiency of our cash flows to cover our distribution requirements could have an adverse effect on our ability to raise short- and long-term debt or sell equity securities to fund distributions required to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 
 The formation of our TRSs increases our overall tax liability. 
 
 Our TRSs are subject to federal, state and local income tax on their taxable income, which typically consists of the revenue from the lodging properties leased by our TRS Lessees, net of the operating expenses for such lodging properties and rent payments to us. In certain circumstances, the ability of our TRSs to deduct interest expense or utilize net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes may be limited. Accordingly, although our ownership of our TRSs allows us to participate in the operating income from our lodging properties in addition to receiving rent, that operating income will be fully subject to income tax. The after-tax net income of our TRSs is available for distribution to us. 
 
 Our TRS Lessee structure subjects us to the risk of increased lodging property operating expenses. 
 
 Our leases with our TRS Lessees require our TRS Lessees to pay us rent based in part on revenue from our lodging properties. Our operating risks include decreases in lodging revenues and increases in lodging operating expenses, including but not limited to increases in wage and benefit costs, repair and maintenance expenses, energy costs and other operating expenses, which would adversely affect our TRSs ability to pay us rent due under the leases. Increases in these operating expenses could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Our Operating Partnership could be treated as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 Although we believe that our Operating Partnership will be treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, no assurance can be given that the IRS will not successfully challenge that position. If the IRS were to successfully contend that our Operating Partnership should be treated as a publicly traded partnership that is taxable as a corporation, we would fail to meet the 75 gross income test and certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs and, unless we qualified for certain statutory relief provisions, we would cease to qualify as a REIT. Also, our Operating Partnership would become subject to federal, state and local income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of cash available for debt service and for distribution to us. 
 
 31 

Our current property management companies, or any other property management companies that we may engage in the future may not qualify as eligible independent contractors, or our lodging properties may not be considered qualified lodging facilities. 
 
 Rent paid by a lessee that is a related party tenant of ours will not be qualifying income for purposes of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs. An exception is provided, however, for leases of qualified lodging facilities to a TRS so long as the lodging properties are managed by an eligible independent contractor and certain other requirements are satisfied. We lease all of our lodging properties to our TRS Lessees. All of our lodging properties are operated pursuant to property management agreements with property management companies that we believe qualify as an eligible independent contractor. Among other requirements, to qualify as an eligible independent contractor, the property manager must not own, directly or through its stockholders, more than 35 of our outstanding shares, and no person or group of persons can own more than 35 of our outstanding shares and the shares (or ownership interest) of the lodging property manager, taking into account certain ownership attribution rules. The ownership attribution rules that apply for purposes of these 35 thresholds are complex, and monitoring actual and constructive ownership of our shares by our lodging property managers and their owners may not be practical. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that these ownership levels will not be exceeded. 
 
 In addition, for a property management company to qualify as an eligible independent contractor, such company or a related person must be actively engaged in the trade or business of operating qualified lodging facilities (as defined below) for one or more persons not related to the REIT or its TRS at each time that such company enters into a property management contract with a TRS or its TRS Lessee. As of the date hereof, we believe each of our property management companies operates qualified lodging facilities for certain persons who are not related to us or our TRSs. However, no assurances can be provided that our property management companies or any other property managers that we may engage in the future will in fact comply with this requirement. Failure to comply with this requirement would require us to find other managers for future contracts and if we hired a management company without knowledge of the failure, it could jeopardize our status as a REIT. 
 
 Finally, each property with respect to which our TRS Lessees pay rent must be a qualified lodging facility. A qualified lodging facility is a hotel, motel or other establishment more than one-half of the dwelling units in which are used on a transient basis, including customary amenities and facilities, provided that no wagering activities are conducted at or in connection with such facility by any person who is engaged in the business of accepting wagers and who is legally authorized to engage in such business at or in connection with such facility. As of the date hereof, we believe that the properties that are leased to our TRS Lessees are qualified lodging facilities. Although we intend to monitor future acquisitions and improvements of properties, REIT provisions of the IRC provide only limited guidance for making determinations under the requirements for qualified lodging facilities, and there can be no assurance that these requirements will be satisfied. If any of our properties are not deemed to be a "qualified lodging facility," we may fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Our ownership of our TRSs is subject to limitations and our transactions with our TRSs could cause us to be subject to a 100 penalty tax on certain income or deductions if those transactions are not conducted on arm s-length terms. 
 
 Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. In addition, the IRC limits the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to its parent REIT to provide assurance that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. The IRC also imposes a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. We monitor the value of our investment in our TRSs for the purpose of ensuring compliance with TRS ownership limitations and structure our transactions with our TRSs on terms that we believe are arm s-length to avoid incurring the 100 excise tax described above. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the 20 TRS limitations or to avoid application of the 100 excise tax. 
 
 32 

If any subsidiary REIT failed to qualify as a REIT, we could be subject to higher taxes and could fail to remain qualified as a REIT. 
 
 We own and may in the future own interests in entities that have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the U.S. federal income tax laws (each, a subsidiary REIT ). A subsidiary REIT is subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and other limitations described herein that are applicable to us. If any of our subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) such subsidiary REIT would become subject to U.S. federal income tax and (ii) our ownership of shares in such subsidiary REIT would cease to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs. If any subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that we would fail certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs, in which event we would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. We may make protective TRS elections with respect to our subsidiary REITs and may implement other protective arrangements intended to avoid such an outcome if a subsidiary REIT were not to qualify as a REIT, but there can be no assurance that such protective election and other arrangements will be effective to avoid the resulting adverse consequences to us. Moreover, even if the protective TRS election was to be effective in the event of the failure of our subsidiary REIT to maintain its qualification as a REIT, such subsidiary REIT would be subject to federal income tax and we cannot assure you that we would not fail to satisfy the requirement that not more than 20 percent of the value of our total assets may be represented by the securities of one or more TRSs. In this event, we would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we or such subsidiary REIT could avail ourselves or itself of certain relief provisions. 
 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes. 
 
 At any time, the federal income tax laws governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended. We cannot predict when or if any new federal income tax law, regulation, or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective and any such law, regulation, or interpretation may take effect retroactively. We and our stockholders could be adversely affected by any such change in, or any new, federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation and we could experience a reduction in the price of our stock. We cannot predict the long-term effect of any recent changes or any future law changes on REITs and their stockholders. In addition, several proposals have been made that would make substantial changes to the federal income tax laws generally. We cannot predict whether any of these proposed changes will become law. 
 
 Stockholders may be restricted from acquiring or transferring certain amounts of our stock. 
 
 The stock ownership restrictions of the IRC for REITs and the 9.8 stock ownership limit in our charter may inhibit market activity in our capital stock and restrict our business combination opportunities. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT for each taxable year, five or fewer individuals, as defined in the IRC, may not own, beneficially or constructively, more than 50 in value of our issued and outstanding stock at any time during the last half of a taxable year. Attribution rules in the IRC determine if any individual or entity beneficially or constructively owns our capital stock under this requirement. Additionally, at least 100 persons must beneficially own our capital stock during at least 335 days of a taxable year for each taxable year. To help ensure that we meet these tests, our charter restricts the acquisition and ownership of shares of our capital stock. 
 
 Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Unless exempted by our board of directors, our charter prohibits any person from beneficially or constructively owning more than 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock. Our board of directors may not grant an exemption from these restrictions to any proposed transferee whose ownership in excess of 9.8 of the value of our outstanding shares would result in our failing to qualify as a REIT. These restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply, however, if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 33 

We may pay taxable dividends in our common stock and cash, in which case stockholders may sell shares of our common stock to pay taxes on such dividends. 
 
 We may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in cash and common stock at the election of each stockholder. Under IRS Revenue Procedure 2017-45, as a publicly offered REIT, as long as at least 20 of the total dividend is available in cash and certain other requirements are satisfied, the IRS will treat the stock distribution as a dividend (to the extent applicable rules treat such distribution as being made out of our earnings and profits). If we made a taxable dividend payable in cash and common stock, taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, stockholders may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the common stock that it receives as a dividend to pay these taxes, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our common stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to certain non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold federal income tax with respect to such dividends, including with respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in common stock. If we made a taxable dividend payable in cash and our common stock and a significant number of our stockholders decide to sell shares of our common stock to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. We do not currently intend to pay a taxable dividend of our common stock and cash. 
 
 The 100 prohibited transactions tax may limit our ability to dispose of our properties, and we could incur a material tax liability if the IRS successfully asserts that the 100 prohibited transaction tax applies to some or all of our past or future dispositions. 
 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We have selectively disposed of certain of our properties in the past and intend to make additional dispositions in the future. Although a safe harbor to the characterization of the sale of property by a REIT as a prohibited transaction is available, some of our past dispositions may not have qualified for that safe harbor and some or all of our future dispositions may not qualify for that safe harbor. We believe that our past dispositions will not be treated as prohibited transactions, and we may avoid disposing of property that may be characterized as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Consequently, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of our properties or may conduct such sales through our TRSs, which would be subject to federal and state income taxation as a corporation. Moreover, no assurance can be provided that the IRS will not assert that some or all of our past or future dispositions are subject to the 100 prohibited transactions tax. If the IRS successfully imposes the 100 prohibited transactions tax on some or all of our dispositions, the resulting tax liability could be material. 
 
 The IRS could determine that certain payments we have received in the nature of liquidated damages may not be ignored for purposes of the gross income tests applicable to REITs. 
 
 In connection with our purchases and sales of properties, we have received payments in the nature of liquidated damages. The IRC does not specify the treatment of litigation settlements and liquidated damages for purposes of the gross income tests applicable to REITs. The IRS has issued private letter rulings to other taxpayers ruling that such payments will be ignored for purposes of the gross income tests. A private letter ruling can be relied upon only by the taxpayer to whom it was issued. Based on the IRS s private letters rulings and the advice of our tax advisors, we believe these payments should be ignored for purposes of the gross income tests. No assurance can be provided that the IRS will not successfully challenge that position. In the event of a successful challenge, we believe that we would be able to maintain our REIT status if we qualified to use a REIT savings clause and paid the required penalty. 
 
 34 

Risks Related to Environmental, Social and Governance Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to a series of risks arising from climate change. 
 
 There are inherent climate-related risks wherever businesses operate. We are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, including but not limited to storms, flooding, droughts, wildfires, and extreme temperature events. Such disasters may become more frequent or intense as a result of climate change. Climate change may also result in negative physical effects, including rising sea levels and changes in temperature and precipitation patterns. As a result of the foregoing, we may experience increased costs or decreased availability of certain products which are important to our or our lessees operations, including but not limited to insurance, water, and energy. Separately, we have incurred, and in future may continue to incur, costs associated with structural enhancements to our lodging properties to mitigate climate-related effects. While such costs to-date have not been material, we cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to material costs in future. Even in situations where we have engaged in mitigation efforts, we may incur significant losses or repair costs or business interruptions that may not be fully covered by insurance. 
 
 Additionally, our business is exposed to risks associated with efforts to mitigate or respond to climate change, including but not limited to regulatory developments and changes in market demand. For example, some state and local governments have adopted, or considered adopting, restrictions on water use or GHG emissions. Separately, the SEC has proposed disclosure requirements that would require companies to disclose a range of climate-related information, which may require us to incur substantial monitoring and compliance costs. Changes in consumer preferences, whether due to physical climate conditions or environmentally-minded travel considerations, may also result in decreased demand for lodging in certain markets where we operate. These and other risks may reduce demand for our properties or otherwise result in adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Actions by organized labor could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We believe that unions are generally becoming more aggressive about organizing workers at lodging properties in certain locations and in certain cases are demanding changes to work rules or conditions that are potentially more costly to owners. If the workers employed by the third-party property management companies that manage our lodging properties unionize in the future, potential labor activities at any affected lodging property could significantly increase the administrative, labor and legal expenses of the third-party property management company that we have engaged to manage that lodging property, which likely would adversely affect the operating results of the lodging properties. If lodging properties in our portfolio are unionized, this could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows or the market price of our stock. 
 
 Increasing attention to and evolving expectations for environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters may increase our costs, harm our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 We established our Corporate Responsibility program in 2017 to take positive actions to meet our responsibility to be more sustainable, inclusive and equitable and to address increasing investor and societal concern related to climate change, social justice and governance matters. Companies across industries are facing increasing scrutiny from a variety of stakeholders related to their ESG and sustainability practices. Expectations regarding voluntary ESG initiatives and disclosures may result in increased costs (including but not limited to increased costs related to compliance, stakeholder engagement, contracting and insurance), changes in demand for certain markets, enhanced compliance or disclosure obligations, or other adverse effects on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 In addition, from time to time we establish and publicly announce voluntary efforts (including but not limited to disclosures, certifications, goals and commitments) with respect to our sustainability programs and initiatives. However, such efforts may be costly and may not have the desired effect. For example, expectations around our management of ESG matters continues to evolve rapidly, in many instances due to factors that are out of our control. Moreover, certain of our efforts are based on hypothetical expectations and assumptions that are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or misinterpretation due to the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring, and reporting on many ESG matters. Our efforts may also be at least partially reliant on third-party information, which we do not necessarily, and in some cases cannot, independently verify. Any errors in such information, including estimates and assumptions, may materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our ESG-related efforts. If we and our brand and property management partners fail to properly establish, fail to achieve, or fail to adequately report on our progress toward achieving our sustainability goals and commitments, or are otherwise perceived as having not sufficiently addressed ESG matters, we may be subject to negative publicity that could adversely affect consumer preference for our lodging properties or subject us to enhanced investor or regulator engagement on our ESG initiatives and disclosures, even if such efforts are currently voluntary. 
 35 

Certain market participants, including major institutional investors and capital providers, use third-party benchmarks and scores to assess companies ESG profiles in making investment or voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings could lead to increased negative investor sentiment towards us or our industry, which could negatively affect our share price as well as our access to and cost of capital. To the extent ESG matters negatively affect our reputation, it may also impede our ability to compete as effectively to attract and retain employees or customers, which may adversely affect our operations. We also anticipate there to be increasing regulation, disclosure-related and otherwise, regarding ESG matters, which could result in increased costs and scrutiny that could increase the risk associated with all of the items identified in this risk factor. Certain of our customers, suppliers, and business partners may also be subject to similar risks, which could result in additional or augmented risks 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Our Portfolio 
 
 According to current chain scales as defined by STR, as of December 31, 2022, six of our lodging properties with a total of 953 guestrooms are categorized as Upper-upscale hotels, 81 of our lodging properties with a total of 12,279 guestrooms are categorized as Upscale hotels and 15 of our lodging properties with a total of 2,091 guestrooms are categorized as Upper-midscale hotels. We have one lodging asset that is an 11-unit glamping property. Lodging property information for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 
 
 Franchise/Brand Location STR Chain Scale Number of Guestrooms Marriott AC Hotel by Marriott (2)(6) 
 Miami, FL Upscale 156 AC Hotel by Marriott (4)(5) 
 Houston, TX Upscale 195 AC Hotel by Marriott (4)(5) 
 Frisco, TX Upscale 150 AC Hotel by Marriott (4)(5) 
 Oklahoma City, OK Upscale 142 AC Hotel by Marriott (4)(5) 
 Dallas, TX Upscale 128 AC Hotel by Marriott (1) 
 Atlanta, GA Upscale 255 Courtyard by Marriott (4)(5) 
 Grapevine, TX Upscale 181 Courtyard by Marriott (4)(5) 
 Amarillo, TX Upscale 107 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 Indianapolis, IN Upscale 297 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 Fort Lauderdale, FL Upscale 261 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 Nashville, TN Upscale 226 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 New Haven, CT Upscale 207 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 Fort Worth, TX Upscale 203 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 New Orleans (Convention), LA Upscale 202 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 Charlotte, NC Upscale 181 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 Atlanta (Decatur), GA Upscale 179 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 New Orleans (Metairie), LA Upscale 153 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 Atlanta (Downtown), GA Upscale 150 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 New Orleans (French Quarter), LA Upscale 140 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 Kansas City, MO Upscale 123 Courtyard by Marriott (1) 
 Dallas (Arlington), TX Upscale 103 Courtyard by Marriott (4) 
 Pittsburgh, PA Upscale 183 Courtyard by Marriott (4) 
 Phoenix (Scottsdale), AZ Upscale 153 Element (2)(6) 
 Miami, FL Upscale 108 Fairfield Inn Suites by Marriott (1) 
 Louisville, KY Upper-midscale 140 
 36 

Franchise/Brand Location STR Chain Scale Number of Guestrooms Four Points by Sheraton (2) 
 San Francisco, CA Upscale 101 Marriott (1) 
 Boulder, CO Upper-upscale 165 Residence Inn by Marriott (4)(5) 
 Frisco, TX Upscale 150 Residence Inn by Marriott (4)(5) 
 Dallas, TX Upscale 121 Residence Inn by Marriott (4)(5) 
 Tyler, TX Upscale 119 Residence Inn by Marriott (1) 
 Baltimore (Downtown), MD Upscale 189 Residence Inn by Marriott (1) 
 Cleveland, OH Upscale 175 Residence Inn by Marriott (1) 
 Atlanta, GA Upscale 160 Residence Inn by Marriott (1) 
 Boston (Watertown), MA Upscale 150 Residence Inn by Marriott (1) 
 Baltimore (Hunt Valley), MD Upscale 141 Residence Inn by Marriott (1) 
 New Orleans (Metairie), LA Upscale 120 Residence Inn by Marriott (1) 
 Branchburg, NJ Upscale 101 Residence Inn by Marriott (1) 
 Dallas (Arlington), TX Upscale 96 Residence Inn by Marriott (2)(3) 
 Portland (Portland Airport at Cascade Station), OR Upscale 124 Residence Inn by Marriott (4) 
 Portland (Downtown), OR Upscale 258 Residence Inn by Marriott (4) 
 Portland (Hillsboro), OR Upscale 122 Residence Inn by Marriott (4) 
 Steamboat Springs, CO Upscale 110 SpringHill Suites by Marriott (4)(5) 
 Dallas, TX Upscale 148 SpringHill Suites by Marriott (4)(5) 
 New Orleans, LA Upscale 74 SpringHill Suites by Marriott (1) 
 New Orleans, LA Upscale 208 SpringHill Suites by Marriott (1) 
 Louisville, KY Upscale 198 SpringHill Suites by Marriott (1) 
 Indianapolis, IN Upscale 156 SpringHill Suites by Marriott (1) 
 Nashville, TN Upscale 78 SpringHill Suites by Marriott (4) 
 Phoenix (Scottsdale), AZ Upscale 121 TownePlace Suites by Marriott (4)(5) 
 Grapevine, TX Upper-midscale 120 TownePlace Suites by Marriott (4)(5) 
 New Orleans, LA Upper-midscale 105 Total Marriott (51 hotel properties) 7,933 Hilton Canopy Hotel (4)(5) 
 Frisco, TX Upper-upscale 150 Canopy Hotel (3)(4)(5) 
 New Orleans, LA Upper-upscale 176 DoubleTree (1) 
 San Francisco, CA Upscale 210 Embassy Suites (2)(4) 
 Tucson, AZ Upper-upscale 120 Embassy Suites (3)(4)(5) 
 Amarillo, TX Upper-upscale 226 Hampton Inn Suites (4)(5) 
 Dallas, TX Upper-midscale 176 Hampton Inn Suites (1) 
 Baltimore, MD Upper-midscale 116 Hampton Inn Suites (1) 
 Ventura (Camarillo), CA Upper-midscale 116 Hampton Inn Suites (1) 
 San Diego (Poway), CA Upper-midscale 108 Hampton Inn Suites (1)(3) 
 Austin, TX Upper-midscale 209 Hampton Inn Suites (2) 
 Minneapolis, MN Upper-midscale 211 Hampton Inn Suites (4)(5) 
 Tampa (Ybor City), FL Upper-midscale 138 Hampton Inn Suites (4)(5) 
 Silverthorne, CO Upper-midscale 88 Hilton Garden Inn (2)(3)(4) 
 Grapevine, TX Upscale 152 Hilton Garden Inn (4)(5) 
 Longview, TX Upscale 122 Hilton Garden Inn (4)(5) 
 Bryan, TX Upscale 119 Hilton Garden Inn (1) 
 Houston (Energy Corridor), TX Upscale 190 Hilton Garden Inn (1) 
 Boston (Waltham), MA Upscale 148 Hilton Garden Inn (1) 
 Greenville, SC Upscale 120 Hilton Garden Inn (1) 
 Minneapolis (Eden Prairie), MN Upscale 97 Hilton Garden Inn (1)(3) 
 Houston (Galleria), TX Upscale 182 
 37 

Franchise/Brand Location STR Chain Scale Number of Guestrooms Hilton Garden Inn (4)(5) 
 San Jose (Milpitas), CA Upscale 161 Homewood Suites (4)(5) 
 Midland, TX Upscale 118 Homewood Suites (4)(5) 
 Aliso Viejo (Laguna Beach), CA Upscale 129 Homewood Suites (4)(5) 
 Tucson, AZ Upscale 122 Total Hilton (25 hotel properties) 3,704 Hyatt Hyatt House (1) 
 Orlando, FL Upscale 168 Hyatt House (1) 
 Miami, FL Upscale 163 Hyatt House (1) 
 Denver (Englewood), CO Upscale 135 Hyatt Place (4)(5) 
 Oklahoma City, OK Upscale 134 Hyatt Place (4)(5) 
 Plano, TX Upscale 127 Hyatt Place (4)(5) 
 Grapevine, TX Upscale 125 Hyatt Place (4)(5) 
 Lubbock, TX Upscale 125 Hyatt Place (1) 
 Minneapolis, MN Upscale 213 Hyatt Place (1) 
 Chicago (Downtown), IL Upscale 206 Hyatt Place (1) 
 Chicago (Lombard), IL Upscale 151 Hyatt Place (1) 
 Orlando (Convention), FL Upscale 150 Hyatt Place (1) 
 Orlando (Universal), FL Upscale 150 Hyatt Place (1) 
 Denver (Lone Tree), CO Upscale 127 Hyatt Place (1) 
 Phoenix (Scottsdale), AZ Upscale 126 Hyatt Place (1) 
 Denver (Englewood), CO Upscale 126 Hyatt Place (1) 
 Chicago (Hoffman Estates), IL Upscale 126 Hyatt Place (1) 
 Baltimore (Owing Mills), MD Upscale 123 Hyatt Place (1) 
 Long Island (Garden City), NY Upscale 122 Hyatt Place (1)(3) 
 Portland (Portland Airport/Cascade Station), OR Upscale 136 Hyatt Place (2) 
 Phoenix (Mesa), AZ Upscale 152 Total Hyatt (20 hotel properties) 2,885 IHG Holiday Inn Express Suites (4)(5) 
 Oklahoma City, OK Upper-midscale 124 Holiday Inn Express Suites (4)(5) 
 Grapevine, TX Upper-midscale 95 Holiday Inn Express Suites (1) 
 San Francisco, CA Upper-midscale 252 Holiday Inn Express Suites (1) 
 Minneapolis (Minnetonka), MN Upper-midscale 93 Hotel Indigo (1) 
 Asheville, NC Upper-upscale 116 Staybridge Suites (1) 
 Denver (Glendale), CO Upscale 121 Total IHG (6 hotel properties) 801 Independent Onera (7) 
 Fredericksburg, TX N/A 11 Total Portfolio (103 lodging properties) 15,334 
 
 (1) These lodging properties are included in our borrowing base for our senior revolving credit and term loan facilities at December 31, 2022. 
 (2) These lodging properties are subject to mortgage debt at December 31, 2022. For additional information concerning our mortgage debt and lenders, see "Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Outstanding Indebtedness , and "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6 Debt. 
 (3) These lodging properties are subject to ground leases as described below in Our Lodging Property Operating Agreements Ground Leases . 
 (4) We own a 51 controlling interest in these lodging properties through our consolidated GIC Joint Venture. 
 (5) These lodging properties are included in our borrowing base for our GIC Joint Venture credit and term loan facilities at December 31, 2022. 
 (6) We own a 90 controlling interest in these lodging properties through our Brickell Joint Venture. 
 (7) We own a 90 controlling interest in these lodging properties through our Onera Joint Venture. 
 
 38 

In addition to our lodging property portfolio, we own two parcels of undeveloped land that are designated as held for sale. The land parcels are generally suitable for the development of new lodging properties or the development of restaurants. When unique opportunities to develop lodging properties utilizing our own resources arise, we may develop our own lodging properties on occasion. To reduce the risk of incurring a prohibited transaction tax on any sales of our undeveloped land, we may transfer some or all of these land parcels to our TRSs. 
 
 Our Lodging Property Operating Agreements 
 
 Ground Leases 
 
 At December 31, 2022, seven of our lodging properties are subject to ground lease agreements that cover all of the land underlying the respective lodging property. 
 
 The Residence Inn by Marriott located in Portland (Portland Airport at Cascade Station), OR is subject to a ground lease with an initial lease termination date of June 30, 2084 with one option to extend for an additional 14 years. Ground rent for the initial lease term was prepaid in full at the time we acquired the leasehold interest. If the option to extend is exercised, monthly ground rent will be charged based on a formula established in the ground lease. 
 
 The Hyatt Place located in Portland (Portland Airport/Cascade Station), OR is subject to a ground lease with a lease termination date of June 30, 2084 with one option to extend for an additional 14 years. Ground rent for the initial lease term was prepaid in full at the time we acquired the leasehold interest. If the option to extend is exercised, monthly ground rent will be charged based on a formula established in the ground lease. 
 
 The Hampton Inn Suites located in Austin (Downtown/Convention Center), TX is subject to a ground lease with an initial lease termination date of May 31, 2050. Annual ground rent currently is estimated to be 0.4 million, including performance-based incentive rent. Annual rent is increased every five years with the next adjustment coming in 2025. 
 
 The Hilton Garden Inn located in Houston (Galleria), TX is subject to a ground lease with an initial lease termination date of April 20, 2053 with one option to extend for an additional 10 years. Annual ground rent currently is estimated to be 0.5 million, including performance-based incentive rent. Annual rent is increased every five years with the next adjustment coming in 2023. 
 
 The Hilton Garden Inn located in Grapevine (Silver Lake Crossing), TX is subject to a ground lease with an initial lease termination date of September 30, 2064. Annual ground rent currently is estimated to be 0.2 million. Annual rent is increased every five years with the next adjustment coming in 2024. 
 
 The Embassy Suites located in Amarillo (Downtown), TX is subject to a ground lease with an initial lease termination date of October 1, 2095. The annual ground rent is nominal and increases every year. 
 
 The Canopy Hotel located in New Orleans, LA is subject to a ground lease with an initial lease termination date of December 31, 2054. The annual ground rent is nominal and is fixed for the first 30 years. 
 
 These ground leases generally require us to make rental payments and payments for our share of charges, costs, expenses, assessments and liabilities, including real property taxes and utilities. Furthermore, these ground leases generally require us to obtain and maintain insurance covering the subject property. 
 
 Franchise Agreements 
 
 At December 31, 2022, all except for one of our lodging properties operate under franchise agreements, or similar agreements, that allow for access to reservation systems, with Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt, or IHG. We believe that the public s perception of the quality associated with a branded lodging property is an important feature in its attractiveness to guests. Franchisors provide a variety of benefits to franchisees, including centralized reservation systems, national advertising, marketing programs and publicity designed to increase brand awareness, loyalty programs, training of personnel and maintenance of operational quality at lodging properties across the brand system. 

39 

The terms of our franchise agreements generally range from 10 to 20 years with various extension provisions. Each of our franchisors receive franchise fees ranging from 2 to 6 of each lodging property s room revenue, and some agreements require that we pay marketing fees of up to 4 of room revenue. In addition, some of these franchise agreements require that we deposit into a reserve fund for capital expenditures up to 5 of the lodging property s gross or room revenues, depending on the franchisor, to ensure that we comply with the franchisors standards and requirements. We also pay fees to our franchisors for services such as reservation and information systems. 
 
 Property Management Agreements 
 
 At December 31, 2022, all of our lodging properties are operated pursuant to property management agreements with professional third-party property management companies as follows: 
 
 Management Company Number of Properties Number of Guestrooms Affiliates of Aimbridge Hospitality, including Interstate Management Company, LLC 62 9,166 OTO Development, LLC 15 2,164 Stonebridge Realty Advisors, Inc. and affiliates 8 1,143 Affiliates of Marriott, including Courtyard Management Corporation, SpringHill SMC Corporation and Residence Inn by Marriott, Inc. 6 973 Crestline Hotels Resorts, LLC 4 570 White Lodging Services Corporation 2 453 Hersha Hospitality Management 2 338 Concord Hospitality Enterprises 2 264 InterContinental Hotel Group Resources, Inc., an affiliate of IHG 1 252 Blink Data Services, LLC 1 11 Total 103 15,334 
 
 Our typical property management agreement requires us to pay a base fee to our property manager calculated as a percentage of total property revenues. In addition, our property management agreements generally provide that the property manager can earn an incentive fee upon achieving earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") over certain thresholds. Our TRS Lessees may employ other property managers in the future. We do not, and will not, have any ownership or economic interest in any of the property management companies engaged by our TRS Lessees. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 We are involved from time to time in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business; however, there are currently no pending legal actions that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 40 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock began trading on the NYSE on February 9, 2011 under the symbol INN. Prior to that time, there was no public trading market for our common stock. The last reported sale price for our common stock as reported on the NYSE on February 10, 2023 was 8.07 per share. 
 
 Stockholder Information 
 
 As of February 10, 2023, our common stock was held of record by 262 holders and there were 106,901,576 shares of our common stock outstanding. 
 
 Stockholder Return Performance 
 
 The following graph compares the five-year cumulative total stockholder return on the common stock of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. against the cumulative total returns of the Standard Poor s Corporation Composite 500 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Hotels Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 in the common stock of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and in each of the indexes, and also assumes the reinvestment of dividends. 

Year Ended Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 100.00 67.46 91.00 67.48 73.09 54.58 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 Dow Jones U.S. Hotels Index 100.00 86.90 100.69 74.20 84.98 71.92 
 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference into any filing of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (or any of our respective subsidiaries) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 41 

Distribution Information 
 
 As a REIT, we must distribute annually to our stockholders an amount at least equal to 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. We will be subject to income tax on our taxable income that is not distributed and to an excise tax to the extent that certain percentages of our taxable income are not distributed by specified dates. Our cash available for distribution may be less than the amount required to meet the distribution requirements for REITs under the IRC and we may be required to borrow money, sell assets or issue capital stock to satisfy the distribution requirements to maintain our REIT status. 
 
 The timing and frequency of distributions will be authorized by our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, and declared by us based upon a variety of factors deemed relevant by our directors, including financial condition, restrictions under applicable law and loan agreements, capital requirements and the REIT requirements of the IRC. Our ability to make distributions will generally depend on receipt of distributions from the Operating Partnership, which depends primarily on lease payments from our TRS Lessees with respect to our lodging properties. 
 
 We are generally restricted from declaring or paying any distributions or setting aside any funds for the payment of distributions on our common stock unless full cumulative distributions on our preferred stock have been declared and either paid or set aside for payment in full for all past distribution periods. 
 
 As a result of the negative financial effects of the Pandemic on our business, we suspended the declaration and payment of dividends on our common stock and operating partnership units beginning in the first quarter of 2020. In addition, as a result of the modification of our 2018 Senior Credit Facility, 2017 Term Loan and 2018 Term Loan, we were restricted from declaring and paying dividends on our common stock and Common Units and Preferred Units, other than distributions required to maintain our REIT status, through March 31, 2022 when the financial and other covenant waivers and adjustments under such facilities are no longer effective. 
 
 Beginning in August of 2022, we resumed payment of quarterly dividends on our common stock. In both August and November of 2022, we declared and paid dividends of 0.04 per share. Additionally, on January 26, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a 0.04 common dividend payable on February 28, 2023 to holders of record at February 14, 2023. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 42 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Industry Trends and Outlook 
 
 Room-night demand in the U.S. lodging industry is generally correlated to certain macroeconomic trends. Key drivers of lodging demand include changes in gross domestic product, corporate profits, capital investments, employment and more recently, travel-related health and safety restrictions and concerns. Volatility in the economy and risks arising from global and domestic political or economic conditions may cause slowing economic growth, which would have an adverse effect on lodging demand. The global and U.S. economies, and the travel and lodging industries, have experienced a significant downturn as a result of the Pandemic. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we experienced a significant recovery in demand for our lodging properties driven primarily by leisure travel. Business and group demand remain below historical levels and are recovering more slowly; however, we have recently begun to experience an increase in demand related to these segments as the effects of the Pandemic have diminished. 
 
 Rising inflation was pervasive throughout 2022 increasing the cost of salaries, wages, material, freight, and energy. Higher costs due to general business inflation were partially offset by lodging price increases, which offset the effect of inflation on our operating results. We expect relatively higher inflation to continue in 2023 resulting in higher costs. If customers are unwilling to accept these price increases, inflation could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 
 
 Effects of the Pandemic on Our Business 
 
 The effects of the Pandemic and the restrictions implemented in response to the Pandemic had a significant negative effect on the U.S. and global economies, including a rapid and sharp decline in all forms of travel, both domestic and international, and a significant decline in demand for lodging. These conditions resulted in a substantial decline from pre-Pandemic levels in our revenues, profitability and cash flows from operations during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we experienced significant improvement in our business, driven primarily by leisure travel and to a lesser extent modest improvement in other demand segments, including business and group travel. We anticipate that continued improvement in operating trends will be dependent on sustained strength in leisure travel and an ongoing recovery of business and group travel. More broadly, a return to normalized levels of operations is dependent upon a continuation in the recovery of our business, and maintaining a high-quality portfolio aligned with evolving guest preferences. 
 
 Management s Actions in Response to the Effects of the Pandemic on Our Operations 
 
 We implemented the following actions to mitigate the negative effects of the Pandemic on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows: 
 
 Operational Adjustments 
 
 In response to the rapid decline in demand for room nights and loss of revenues as a result of the Pandemic, we and our property managers evaluated each lodging property in our portfolio and initially adjusted labor and cost structures for lodging properties based on existing market conditions. As demand at our lodging properties has increased during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have also increased staffing commensurately. 
 
 Financial Measures and Liquidity 
 
 Beginning in March 2020, we took significant action to enhance our overall liquidity position in response to the Pandemic s effect on our financial position, which continued into the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On January 12, 2021, we sold 287.5 million aggregate principal amount of our 1.50 convertible senior notes due 2026 (the "Convertible Notes"). 
 
 43 

On May 1, 2021, we contributed a portfolio of six lodging properties containing 846 guestrooms to the GIC Joint Venture. The estimated market value of the portfolio of lodging properties was 172.0 million and GIC contributed 84.3 million in cash for its 49 interest in the GIC Joint Venture after the completion of the transfer of the six lodging properties. Net proceeds from the transaction were used to repay 62.5 million of our senior debt and 20.9 million was applied to our Cash and cash equivalents balances. 
 
 On August 12, 2021, we completed the offering of 4,000,000 Series F preferred shares for net proceeds of 96.6 million, after the underwriting discount and offering-related expenses of 3.4 million. On September 4, 2021, using proceeds from the issuance of the Series F preferred shares, we paid 75.0 million to redeem all 3,000,000 of its outstanding 6.45 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at a redemption price of 25 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends. The remaining net proceeds from the Series F preferred share offering was used to repay 22.0 million of our senior debt. 
 
 See Part II - Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6 Debt , for additional information. 
 
 Health and Well-being 
 
 Substantially all of our lodging properties are licensed with national franchise brands, and we have worked closely with our brand partners to develop and implement comprehensive protocols for the safety and well-being of employees and guests to address a broad spectrum of pathogens and viruses, including COVID-19 and variants thereof. We continue to apply advanced cleaning procedures developed during the Pandemic to all of our lodging properties. 

Operating Performance Metrics 
 
 We use a variety of performance indicators and other information to evaluate the financial condition and operating performance of our business. These key indicators include financial information that is prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as other financial information that is not prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, we use other information that may not be financial in nature, including statistical information and comparative data. We use this information to measure the performance of individual lodging properties, groups of lodging properties or our business as a whole. We periodically compare historical information to our internal budgets as well as industry-wide information. These key indicators include: 
 
 Occupancy Occupancy represents the total number of guestrooms occupied divided by the total number of guestrooms available. 
 Average Daily Rate (ADR) ADR represents total room revenues divided by the total number of guestrooms occupied. 
 Revenue Per Available Room (RevPAR RevPAR is the product of ADR and Occupancy. 
 
 Occupancy, ADR and RevPAR are commonly used measures within the lodging industry to evaluate operating performance. RevPAR is an important metric for monitoring operating performance at the individual lodging property level and across our business as a whole. We evaluate individual lodging property RevPAR performance on an absolute basis with comparisons to budget and prior periods, as well as on a company-wide and market-by-market basis. ADR and RevPAR are based only on room revenue. Room revenue depends on demand (as measured by occupancy), pricing (as measured by ADR), and our available supply of lodging property guestrooms. Our ADR, occupancy and RevPAR performance may be affected by macroeconomic factors such as regional and local employment growth, personal income and corporate earnings, office vacancy rates and business relocation decisions, air travel and other business and leisure travel, new lodging property construction, and the pricing strategies of competitors. In addition, our ADR, occupancy and RevPAR performance is dependent on the continued success of our partners, franchisors and brands. 
 
 44 

Lodging Property Portfolio Activity 
 
 We continuously evaluate alternatives to refine our portfolio to drive growth and create value. In the normal course of business, we evaluate opportunities to acquire additional properties that meet our investment criteria and opportunities to recycle capital through the disposition of properties. As such, the composition and size of our portfolio of properties may change materially over time. Significant changes to our portfolio of properties could have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 On May 1, 2021, we contributed a portfolio of six lodging properties containing 846 guestrooms to our GIC Joint Venture. The estimated market value of the portfolio of lodging properties was 172.0 million and GIC, our GIC Joint Venture partner, paid us 84.3 million in cash to maintain its 49 interest in the GIC Joint Venture after the completion of the transfer of the six lodging properties. See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 3 Investments in Lodging Property, net for additional information." 
 
 On July 9, 2021, we acquired a 110-room Residence Inn in Steamboat Springs, CO through our GIC Joint Venture for 33.0 million. Additionally, on December 21, 2021, through our GIC Joint Venture, we acquired a 120-room Embassy Suites in Tucson, AZ for 25.5 million. 
 
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership and the GIC Joint Venture closed on the NCI Transaction for the acquisition of a portfolio of 27 lodging properties, containing an aggregate of 3,709 guestrooms, and two parking structures, containing 1,002 spaces, and various financial incentives for an aggregate purchase price of 822.0 million. 
 
 In May 2022, the GIC Joint Venture completed the sale of a 169-guestroom Hilton Garden Inn San Francisco Airport North in San Francisco, CA for a gross selling price of 75.0 million. The sale of this property resulted in a net gain of 20.5 million to the GIC Joint Venture. 
 
 On June 10, 2022, we formed the Brickell Joint Venture (see "See Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 9 - Non-controlling Interests and Redeemable Non-controlling Interests ") to facilitate the exercise of our purchase option to acquire a 90 equity interest in the AC/Element Hotel. The exercise price of the purchase option was 89.0 million and was primarily funded with the conversion of the mezzanine loan of 29.9 million to equity, 7.9 million in cash and the assumption of debt. 
 
 On October 26, 2022, we completed the acquisition of a 90 equity interest in the Onera Joint Venture that owns a high-end glamping property for 5.2 million in cash, plus additional contingent consideration limited to a maximum of 1.8 million, payable to the seller based on performance of the property for the 12-month period ending July 31, 2023. The Onera Joint Venture has a 100 fee simple interest in real property and improvements consisting of 11 glamping lodging units and a 6.4-acre parcel of undeveloped land that will be developed as phase two of the lodging site in the future. 
 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party to sell a portfolio of four lodging properties for 28.1 million. We reclassified the properties to Assets held for sale, net at December 31, 2022 and recorded a write-down of 2.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the portfolio of properties over the expected net selling price less costs to sell. In addition, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party to sell a 6.0-acre parcel of undeveloped land for 1.3 million. We reclassified the property to Assets held for sale, net at December 31, 2022 and recorded a write-down of 0.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the undeveloped land over the expected net selling price less costs to sell. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we also entered into an agreement for the sale of two lodging properties for 50.5 million. We reclassified the properties to Assets held for sale, net at December 31, 2022 and recorded a write-down of 7.2 million at December 31, 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the properties over the expected net selling price less costs to sell. 
 
 See Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 3 - Investments in Lodging Property, net to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information concerning our asset acquisitions, development, and dispositions. 
 
 45 

Revenues and Operating Expenses 
 
 Our revenues are derived from lodging operations and consist of room revenue, food and beverage revenue and other revenue. As a result of our focus on lodging properties with efficient operating models, substantially all of our revenues are related to the sales of guestrooms. Our other revenue consists of ancillary revenues related to meeting rooms, parking and other guest services provided at certain of our properties. 
 
 Our property operating expenses consist primarily of expenses incurred in the day-to-day operation of our lodging properties. Many of our expenses are fixed, such as essential lodging property staff, real estate taxes, insurance, and depreciation. These expenses generally do not decrease even if the revenues at our lodging properties decrease. Room expense includes housekeeping and front office wages and payroll taxes, reservation systems, room supplies, laundry services and other costs. Food and beverage expense primarily includes the cost of food, the cost of beverages and associated labor costs. Other operating expenses include labor and other costs associated with administrative departments, sales and marketing, repair and maintenance, utility costs and franchise fees. 
 
 As discussed above under Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Management s Actions in Response to the Effects of the Pandemic on Our Operations Operational Adjustments , in response to the rapid decline in demand for room nights and loss of revenues throughout the Pandemic, we and our property managers evaluated each lodging in our portfolio to determine if market conditions warranted the temporary suspension of operations, and to adjust labor cost structures for lodging that would continue to operate. Although the vast majority of our lodging properties remained open throughout the Pandemic, staffing levels were temporarily reduced to levels that safely and effectively maintain reasonable accommodations for our guests. As demand at our lodging properties has increased, we have also increased staffing commensurately. Our lodging properties implemented and have continued to modify health and safety protocols aligned with brand guidelines to allay guest concerns about COVID-19 and its variants. 
 
 46 

Results of Operations 
 
 The comparisons that follow should be reviewed in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Comparison of 2022 to 2021 
 
 The following table contains key operating metrics for our total portfolio and our same-store portfolio for 2022 compared with 2021 (dollars in thousands, except ADR and RevPAR). Our same-store portfolio consists of properties that we owned as of December 31, 2022 and that we have owned at all times since January 1, 2021. 
 
 2022 2021 Year-over-Year Dollar Change Year-over-Year Percentage Change Total Portfolio (103 Properties) Same-Store Portfolio (71 properties) Total Portfolio (74 properties) Same-Store Portfolio (71 properties) Total Portfolio (103/71 properties) Same-Store Portfolio (71 properties) Total Portfolio (103/71 properties) Same-Store Portfolio (71 properties) Revenues: Room 609,370 465,162 334,338 327,918 275,032 137,244 82.3 41.9 Food and beverage 32,117 14,992 7,299 7,114 24,818 7,878 340.0 110.7 Other 34,208 25,214 20,289 19,870 13,919 5,344 68.6 26.9 Total 675,695 505,368 361,926 354,902 313,769 150,466 86.7 42.4 Expenses: Room 136,999 104,322 74,781 73,317 62,218 31,005 83.2 42.3 Food and beverage 24,897 11,356 4,856 4,671 20,041 6,685 412.7 143.1 Other hotel operating expenses 207,975 5,422 123,626 4,433 84,349 989 68.2 22.3 Total 369,871 121,100 203,263 82,421 166,608 38,679 82.0 46.9 Occupancy 69.7 70.0 62.3 62.3 n/a n/a 11.9 12.4 ADR 158.58 163.61 129.70 129.73 28.88 33.88 22.3 26.1 RevPAR 110.46 114.61 80.74 80.80 29.72 33.81 36.8 41.8 
 
 The total portfolio information above includes revenues and expenses from the lodging properties that we acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2022 Acquired Properties from the date of acquisition through December 31, 2022, and operating information (occupancy, ADR, and RevPAR) for the period each lodging property was owned. Accordingly, the information does not reflect a full twelve months of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 for the 2022 Acquired Properties. 

47 

Changes from the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 were due to the following: 
 
 Revenues and RevPAR . The increase in total revenues and RevPAR for our total portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to continued strength in leisure travel as well as improving corporate and group demand resulting in steady improvement in both weekend and weekday results. Additionally, revenues increased due to the NCI Transaction, the Brickell Transaction and the Onera Transaction, which significantly expanded the size of our portfolio. Our increased exposure to the Sunbelt, focused revenue management, and property management initiatives related to the portfolio acquired in the NCI Transaction also contributed to significant revenue growth during the period. On a same store basis, the improvements in our business resulted in an increase of approximately 12.4 in occupancy and a 26.1 in average daily rate during the year ended December 31, 2022, which resulted in an 41.8 increase in same-store RevPAR. For the total portfolio, we experienced an increase of approximately 11.9 in occupancy and an increase of 22.3 in average daily rate during the year ended December 31, 2022. This resulted in an increase in RevPAR of 36.8 over the same period in the prior year. See "Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Effects of Pandemic on Our Business " for further information. 
 
 Room Expenses . The increase in room expenses for both our total and the same-store portfolio is highly correlated to increasing occupancy across the portfolio. Additional factors contributing to higher room expenses include increasing labor costs driven by higher wage rates and more costly contract labor needed to meet room demand. Additionally, room costs for the total portfolio increased due to the NCI Transaction, the Brickell Transaction, and the Onera Transaction, which significantly expanded the size of our portfolio during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Food and Beverage Revenues and Expenses . Total and same-store food and beverage revenues increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of an increase in occupancy across our portfolio and the completion of the NCI Transaction, the Brickell Transaction and the Onera Transaction. The Brickell Transaction included the acquisition of a rooftop bar which has meaningfully increased food and beverage revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022. Food and beverage expenses increased at a higher rate than food and beverage revenues due to an expansion in food and beverage product offerings compared to our offerings in prior years during the Pandemic and increased staffing costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Hotel Operating Revenues and Expenses . The increase in other hotel operating revenues and expenses in both our total and same-store portfolios was driven by an increase in occupancy during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the completion of the NCI Transaction, the Brickell Transaction, and the Onera Transaction. 
 48 

The following table includes other consolidated income and expenses for 2022 compared with 2021 (dollars in thousands). 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Dollar Change Percentage Change Property taxes, insurance and other 49,921 41,350 8,571 20.7 Management fees 17,442 9,858 7,584 76.9 Depreciation and amortization 150,160 105,955 44,205 41.7 Corporate general and administrative 30,765 29,428 1,337 4.5 Transaction costs 749 3,849 (3,100) (80.5) Recoveries of credit losses (1,100) (2,632) 1,532 (58.2) Loss on write-down or impairment of assets 10,420 4,361 6,059 138.9 Gain on disposal of assets, net 20,315 240 20,075 nm (1) 
 Interest expense 65,581 43,368 22,213 51.2 Other income, net 2,627 9,523 (6,896) (72.4) Income tax expense 3,611 1,473 2,138 145.1 
 
 (1) Not meaningful 
 
 Changes from the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 were due to the following: 
 
 Property Taxes, Insurance and Other . The increase in Property taxes, insurance and other is primarily due to the NCI Transaction, the Brickell Transaction and the Onera Transaction, which significantly expanded the size of our portfolio during the year ended December 31, 2022. The higher property taxes resulting from an increase in the number of lodging properties in our portfolio during the year ended December 31, 2022 was partially offset by property tax reductions that we have generated through our property tax appeal efforts to reduce the assessed values of our lodging properties for property tax purposes. 
 
 Management Fees . The increase in Management fees during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to increased consolidated revenues as our business has experienced a steady improvement in performance during the year ended December 31, 2022 and due to the completion of the NCI Transaction, the Brickell Transaction, and the Onera Transaction, which significantly expanded the size of our portfolio. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization . The increase in Depreciation and amortization during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to the completion of the NCI Transaction, the Brickell Transaction and the Onera Transaction, which significantly expanded the size of our portfolio and resulted in a substantial increase in our depreciable assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, we have substantially increased capital expenditures related to renovation activities at our lodging properties during the year ended December 31, 2022 as the operating performance of our portfolio has improved. 
 
 Corporate General and Administrative . The increase in Corporate, general and administrative expenses during the current period is primarily due to increase corporate staffing to support the growth in the business primarily driven by almost 1.0 billion in acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022, higher incentive and other compensation costs of approximately 2.9 million, including a one-time charge of approximately 1.3 million related to the acceleration of time-based restricted shares and the modification of performance stock-based compensation for our former Chief Operating Officer who retired on March 4, 2022, and higher legal and professional costs of approximately 2.4 million. These increases were partially offset by a net reduction in stock-based compensation of 2.7 million from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022. Stock-based compensation for the year ended December 31, 2021 included a one-time charge of 2.9 million of additional stock-based compensation related to the modification of certain stock award agreements due to the non-renewal of the employment contract for our former Executive Chairman in December 2021. 
 
 49 

Transaction Costs . Transactions costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 relate to certain one-time costs and other expenses incurred in pursuit of potential lodging property acquisitions that ultimately were not consummated. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred costs of 2.1 million in transfer taxes and legal fees related to the contribution of six lodging properties to the GIC Joint Venture. GIC, our GIC Joint Venture partner, paid 49 , or 0.9 million, of the 1.8 million transfer tax which is reflected in non-controlling interest on our Consolidated Statement of Operations. We also incurred 1.7 million in transaction costs in pursuit of the acquisition of a portfolio of lodging properties that ultimately was not consummated. 
 
 Recoveries of Credit Losses. Recoveries of credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to principal payments received related to our seller-financing loans, which are fully reserved. Recoveries of credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were related to the repayment in full of two mezzanine loans receivable, which resulted in us reversing the 2.6 million allowance for credit losses related to the mezzanine loans. See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4 Investment in Real Estate Loans" for further information. 
 
 Loss on Write-down or Impairment of Assets. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party to sell a portfolio of four lodging properties for 28.1 million. We recorded a write-down of 2.9 million at December 31, 2022 to write-down certain assets held for sale to their estimated fair values less costs to sell. Additionally, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party to sell a 6.0-acre parcel of undeveloped land for 1.3 million. We recorded a write-down of 0.3 million at December 31, 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the undeveloped land over its estimated fair value less costs to sell. We also signed a purchase and sale agreement for the sale of two lodging properties for 50.5 million that is expected to close during the second quarter of 2023. We recorded a write-down of 7.2 million at December 31, 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the properties over its estimated fair value less costs to sell. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we reached an agreement with the borrowers of the mezzanine loans on two real estate development projects for the full repayment of the loans in the fourth quarter of 2021, which resulted in us foregoing the exercise of the related purchase options to acquire the properties. As a result, we recorded a loss on impairment totaling 4.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to write-off the carrying amounts of the purchase options. 
 
 Gain (Loss) on Disposal of Assets. The gain on disposal of assets, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 is due to the sale of the Hilton Garden Inn San Francisco Airport North in San Francisco, CA in May 2022 for a gross selling price of 75.0 million. 
 
 Interest Expense . Interest expense increased as a result of the additional debt outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the NCI Transaction and the Brickell Transaction and higher base rates on our floating rate debt that is not hedged. 
 
 Other Income, net . Other income, net decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of a reduction in interest income during the period due to the repayment in full of several mezzanine loans totaling approximately 25.8 million during the fourth quarter of 2021. See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4 Investment in Real Estate Loans " for further information. 
 
 Income Tax Expense . We recorded a 3.6 million income tax expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 2.1 million over the 1.5 million income tax expense recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. Our income tax expense relates to federal and state income taxes on the earnings of our TRS Lessees. The increase in income tax expense relates to an increase in taxable income of our TRS Lessees due to an increase in the size of our portfolio as a result of acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022 and due to a substantial improvement in our business during the year ended December 31, 2022 with the decreased effects of the Pandemic. 
 
 For information about our key operating metrics and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to "Part II Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations - Results of Operations " of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 50 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We disclose certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are measures of our historical financial performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are financial measures not prescribed by Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"). These measures are as follows: (i) Funds From Operations FFO and Adjusted Funds from Operations ("AFFO"), (ii) Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ("EBITDA"), Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization for Real Estate ("EBITDA re ") and Adjusted EBITDA re (as described below). We caution investors that amounts presented in accordance with our definitions of non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures disclosed by other companies, since not all companies calculate these non-GAAP financial measures in the same manner. Our non-GAAP financial measures should be considered along with, but not as alternatives to, net income (loss) as a measure of our operating performance. Our non-GAAP financial measures may include funds that may not be available for our discretionary use due to functional requirements to conserve funds for capital expenditures, property acquisitions, debt service obligations and other commitments and uncertainties. Although we believe that our non-GAAP financial measures can enhance the understanding of our financial condition and results of operations, these non-GAAP financial measures are not necessarily better indicators of any trend as compared to a comparable measure prescribed by GAAP such as net income (loss). 
 
 FFO and AFFO 
 
 As defined by Nareit, FFO represents net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding preferred dividends, gains (or losses) from sales of real property, impairment losses on real estate assets, items classified by GAAP as extraordinary, the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles, plus depreciation and amortization related to real estate assets, and adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships, and joint ventures. AFFO represents FFO excluding amortization of deferred financing costs, franchise fees, equity-based compensation expense, transaction costs, debt transaction costs, premiums on redemption of preferred shares, losses from net casualties, non-cash interest income and non-cash income tax related adjustments to our deferred tax asset. Unless otherwise indicated, we present FFO and AFFO applicable to our common shares and common units. We present FFO and AFFO because we consider FFO and AFFO an important supplemental measure of our operational performance and believe it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs, many of which present FFO and AFFO when reporting their results. FFO and AFFO are intended to exclude GAAP historical cost depreciation and amortization, which assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes ratably over time. Historically, however, real estate values have risen or fallen with market conditions. Because FFO and AFFO exclude depreciation and amortization related to real estate assets, gains and losses from real property dispositions and impairment losses on real estate assets, and certain transaction costs related to lodging property acquisition activities and debt, FFO and AFFO provide performance measures that, when compared year over year, reflect the effect to operations from trends in occupancy, guestroom rates, operating costs, development activities and interest costs, providing perspective not immediately apparent from net income. Our computation of FFO differs slightly from the computation of Nareit-defined FFO related to the reporting of depreciation and amortization expense on assets at our corporate offices, which is de minimus. Our computation of FFO may also differ from the methodology for calculating FFO used by other equity REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs. FFO and AFFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) (computed in accordance with GAAP) as an indicator of our liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to pay dividends or make distributions. Where indicated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, FFO is based on our computation of FFO and not the computation of Nareit-defined FFO unless otherwise noted. 
 
 51 

The following is a reconciliation of our GAAP net income to FFO and AFFO for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands, except per share/unit amounts): 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 1,217 (68,584) (149,245) Preferred dividends (15,875) (15,431) (14,838) Distributions to and accretion of redeemable non-controlling interests (2,520) Premium on redemption of preferred stock (2,710) (Income) loss related to non-controlling interests in consolidated joint ventures (2,321) 2,896 5,635 Net loss applicable to common shares and common units (19,499) (83,829) (158,448) Real estate-related depreciation 145,492 105,462 109,159 Loss on write-down or impairment of assets 10,420 4,361 1,759 (Gain) loss on disposal of assets, net (20,315) (240) 16 Adjustments related to non-controlling interests in consolidated joint ventures (20,845) (8,454) (5,949) FFO applicable to common shares and common units 95,253 17,300 (53,463) (Recoveries of) provision for credit losses (1,100) (2,632) 4,821 Amortization of lease-related intangible assets 87 86 Amortization of deferred financing costs 5,708 4,353 2,267 Amortization of franchise fees 663 493 460 Amortization of intangible assets 3,643 Equity-based compensation (1) 
 8,446 10,681 6,476 Executive transition costs (2) 
 1,065 Transaction costs 749 3,849 Debt transaction costs 1,528 220 365 Premium on redemption of preferred stock 2,710 Non-cash interest income (113) (1,042) (2,848) Non-cash lease expense, net 505 521 329 Casualty losses, net 2,505 468 1,132 Increase in deferred tax asset valuation allowance 2,056 Adjustments related to non-controlling interests in consolidated joint ventures (3,400) (1,291) (341) Special allocation related to sale of joint venture asset (3) 
 (417) Other 91 AFFO applicable to common shares and common units 113,970 36,782 (38,569) FFO per common share/common unit 0.79 0.16 (0.51) AFFO per common share/common unit (4) 
 0.94 0.35 (0.37) Weighted average diluted common shares/common units: FFO and AFFO (5)(6) 
 121,163 105,455 104,320 
 
 (1) The total equity-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes 1.3 million and 2.9 million, respectively, of incremental expense related to the modification of certain restricted stock awards as a result of the retirement of our Chief Operating Officer and Executive Chairman. 
 (2) Executive transition costs are cash payments due to our former Executive Chairman as a result of the non-renewal of his employment contract in December 2021. 
 (3) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned a 0.4 million promote related to the sale by the GIC Joint Venture of the sale of a 169-guestroom Hilton Garden Inn San Francisco Airport North in San Francisco, CA for a gross selling price of 75.0 million. The sale of this property resulted in a net gain of 20.5 million to the GIC Joint Venture. Our promote is earned when the internal rate of return to GIC related to capital transactions exceeds a specified investment hurdle rate. We have adjusted this amount from our calculation of AFFO because it relates to the gain on the sale of the property and not on-going operations. 

52 

(4) AFFO for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 has not been adjusted for interest related to the Convertible Notes for purposes of calculating AFFO per common share/common unit because we intend to settle the principal portion of the Convertible Notes in cash and we did not include in the denominator of our calculation of AFFO per common share/common unit the potential dilutive effect of shares that would be issued if the principal portion of the Convertible Notes were converted into shares of our common stock. 
 (5) Includes Common Units in the Operating Partnership held by limited partners (other than us and our subsidiaries) because the Common Units are redeemable for cash or, at our election, shares of our common stock. 
 (6) The weighted average diluted common shares/common units used to calculate FFO and AFFO per common share/common unit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes the dilutive effect of our outstanding restricted stock awards. These shares were excluded from our weighted average shares outstanding used to calculate net loss per share because they would have been antidilutive. The weighted average common shares/common units used to calculate FFO and AFFO per common share/common unit for the year ended December 31, 2021 exclude the potential dilution related to our Convertible Notes as we intend to settle the principal value of the Convertible Notes in cash. 
 
 A reconciliation of weighted average diluted common shares to non-GAAP weighted average diluted common shares/common units for FFO and AFFO is as follows (in thousands): 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Weighted average dilutive common shares outstanding 105,142 104,471 104,141 Dilutive effect of restricted stock awards 221 402 52 Dilutive effect of performance stock awards 7 Dilutive effect of shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debt 24,193 23,256 Adjusted weighted average dilutive common shares outstanding 129,563 128,129 104,193 Non-GAAP adjustment for dilutive effects of common units 15,360 144 179 Non-GAAP adjustment for dilutive effects of restricted stock awards 433 438 (52) Non-GAAP adjustment for dilutive effect of shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debt (24,193) (23,256) Non-GAAP weighted dilutive common shares/common units outstanding 121,163 105,455 104,320 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, AFFO applicable to common stock and Common Units increased 77.2 million over the prior year due to an improvement in our business that was primarily driven by strong leisure travel and improving demand for business and group travel and increases in our operating results due to acquisitions. See "Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Effects of Pandemic on Our Business" for further information. 
 
 For information about our AFFO for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to "Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Non-GAAP Financial Measures " of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 EBITDA, EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre 
 
 EBITDA 
 
 EBITDA represents net income or loss, excluding: (i) interest, (ii) income tax expense and (iii) depreciation and amortization. We believe EBITDA is useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance because it provides investors with an indication of our ability to incur and service debt, to satisfy general operating expenses, to make capital expenditures and to fund other cash needs or reinvest cash into our business. We also believe it helps investors meaningfully evaluate and compare the results of our operations from period to period by removing the effect of our asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization) from our operating results. Our management team also uses EBITDA as one measure in determining the value of acquisitions and dispositions. 
 
 53 

EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre 
 
 In September 2017, Nareit proposed a standardized performance measure, called EBITDA re , which is based on EBITDA and is expected to provide additional relevant information about REITs as real estate companies in support of growing interest among generalist investors. The conclusion was reached that, while dedicated REIT investors have long been accustomed to utilizing the industry s supplemental measures such as FFO and net operating income NOI to evaluate the investment quality of REITs as real estate companies, it would be helpful to generalist investors for REITs as real estate companies to also present EBITDA re as a more widely known and understood supplemental measure of performance. EBITDA re is intended to be a supplemental non-GAAP performance measure that is independent of a company s capital structure and will provide a uniform basis for one measurement of the enterprise value of a company compared to other REITs. 
 
 EBITDA re , as defined by Nareit, is calculated as EBITDA, excluding: (i) loss and gains on disposition of property and (ii) asset impairments, if any. We believe EBITDA re is useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance because it provides investors with an indication of our ability to incur and service debt, to satisfy general operating expenses, to make capital expenditures and to fund other cash needs or reinvest cash into our business. We also believe it helps investors meaningfully evaluate and compare the results of our operations from period to period by removing the effect of our asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization) from our operating results. 
 
 We make additional adjustments to EBITDA re when evaluating our performance because we believe that the exclusion of certain additional non-recurring or unusual items described below provides useful supplemental information to investors regarding our ongoing operating performance. We believe that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA re , when combined with the primary GAAP presentation of net income, is useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance because it provides investors with an indication of our ability to incur and service debt, to satisfy general operating expenses, to make capital expenditures and to fund other cash needs or reinvest cash into our business. We also believe it helps investors meaningfully evaluate and compare the results of our operations from period to period by removing the effect of our asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization) from our operating results. 
 54 

The following is a reconciliation of our GAAP net income to EBITDA re for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 1,217 (68,584) (149,245) Depreciation and amortization 150,160 105,955 109,619 Interest expense 65,581 43,368 43,300 Interest income (65) (8) (145) Income tax expense 3,611 1,473 1,376 EBITDA 220,504 82,204 4,905 Loss on write-down or impairment of assets 10,420 4,361 1,759 (Gain) loss on disposal of assets, net (20,315) (240) 16 EBITDA re 
 210,609 86,325 6,680 (Recoveries of) provision for credit losses (1,100) (2,632) 4,821 Amortization of lease-related intangible assets 87 86 Amortization of key money liabilities (363) Equity-based compensation (1) 
 8,446 10,681 6,476 Executive transition costs (2) 
 1,065 Transaction costs 749 3,849 Debt transaction costs 1,528 220 365 Non-cash interest income (113) (1,042) (2,848) Non-cash lease expense, net 505 521 329 Casualty losses, net 2,505 468 1,132 (Income) loss related to non-controlling interests in consolidated joint ventures (2,321) 2,896 5,635 Adjustments related to non-controlling interests in consolidated joint ventures (39,213) (11,943) (8,353) Special allocation related to sale of joint venture asset (3) 
 (417) Other 91 Adjusted EBITDA re 
 180,815 90,495 14,414 
 
 (1) The total equity-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes 1.3 million and 2.9 million of incremental expense related to the modification of certain restricted stock awards as a result of the retirement of our Chief Operating Officer and Executive Chairman, respectively. 
 (2) Executive transition costs are cash payments due to our former Executive Chairman as a result of the non-renewal of his employment contract in December 2021. 
 (3) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned a 0.4 million promote related to the sale by the GIC Joint Venture of the sale of a 169-guestroom Hilton Garden Inn San Francisco Airport North in San Francisco, CA for a gross selling price of 75.0 million. The sale of this property resulted in a net gain of 20.5 million to the GIC Joint Venture. Our promote is earned when the internal rate of return to GIC related to capital transactions exceeds a specified investment hurdle rate. We have adjusted this amount from our calculation of AFFO because it relates to the gain on the sale of the property and not on-going operations. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Adjusted EBITDA re increased 90.3 million from the prior year primarily due to an improvement in our business that was primarily driven by strong leisure travel and improving demand for business and group travel and increases in our operating results due to acquisitions. See "Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Effects of Pandemic on Our Business" for further information. 
 
 For information about our Adjusted EBITDA re for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to "Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Non-GAAP Financial Measures " of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 55 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Due to the Pandemic, we entered into modifications of our 2018 Senior Credit Facility during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, which included a waiver of covenants through March 31, 2022. In July 2022, we entered into an amendment to the 2018 Senior Credit Facility which modified the requirements of certain key financial covenants, renewed our full access to our 400 Million Revolver (as defined in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6 Debt ), and granted us the option to extend the maturity dates for up to one additional year. See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6 Debt , for additional information concerning our 2018 Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 Our short-term cash obligations consist primarily of operating expenses and other expenditures directly associated with our lodging properties, recurring maintenance and capital expenditures necessary to maintain our lodging properties in accordance with internal and brand standards, capital expenditures to improve our lodging properties, interest payments, settlement of any applicable interest rate swaps, scheduled principal payments on outstanding indebtedness, restricted cash funding obligations, our joint venture acquisitions and capital requirements, contractual lease payments, corporate overhead, and distributions to our stockholders when declared. Our corporate overhead primarily consists of employee compensation expenses, professional fees, corporate insurance and rent expenses. Cash requirements for our corporate overhead expenses (excluding non-cash stock-based compensation), which are generally paid from operating cash flows, were 22.3 million, 18.7 million and 14.5 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We generally expect our corporate overhead expenses to remain consistent with the level of our operating activities and market conditions for goods and services. 
 
 Our long-term cash obligations consist primarily of the costs of acquiring additional lodging properties, renovations and other non-recurring capital expenditures that periodically are made with respect to our lodging properties, dividend distributions and scheduled debt payments, including maturing loans. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we completed the NCI Transaction for an aggregate purchase price of 822.0 million paid in the form of 15,864,674 Common Units (deemed value of 10.0853 per unit), 2,000,000 preferred units of limited partnership of the Operating Partnership newly designated as 5.25 Series Z Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Units (Liquidation Preference 25 Per Unit) (the Series Z Preferred Units ), cash draws totaling 410.0 million from a term loan entered into by subsidiaries of the Joint Venture, the assumption by a subsidiary of the Joint Venture of approximately 6.5 million in PACE loan debt, 5.9 million of cash contributed to escrow in the prior year by GIC, as a limited partner in the GIC Joint Venture, and approximately 185.2 million cash contributed by GIC at closing. GIC also contributed to the GIC Joint Venture an additional 18.5 million in cash for estimated pre-acquisition costs related to the NCI Transaction, a portion of which was distributed to the Operating Partnership as reimbursement for transaction costs paid by the Operating Partnership. 
 
 In May 2022, the GIC Joint Venture completed the sale of a 169-guestroom Hilton Garden Inn San Francisco Airport North in San Francisco, CA for a gross selling price of 75.0 million. The sale of this property resulted in a net gain of 20.5 million to the GIC Joint Venture. 
 
 Additionally, in June 2022, we exercised our purchase option to acquire a 90 equity interest in the AC/Element Hotel based on a gross hotel option exercise price of 89.0 million. The Brickell Joint Venture assumed 47.0 million of debt as part of the transaction. In October 2022, the Company entered into the Onera Joint Venture with the acquisition of a 90 equity interest in the Onera Joint Venture for 5.2 million in cash, plus additional contingent consideration limited to a maximum of 1.8 million, payable to the seller based on performance of the property for the 12-month period ending July 31, 2023. The Onera Joint Venture has a 100 fee simple interest in real property and improvements located in Fredericksburg, Texas consisting of 11 glamping lodging units and a 6.4-acre parcel of undeveloped land that will be developed as phase two of the lodging site in the future. 
 
 In January 2021, we sold Convertible Notes totaling 287.5 million before consideration of the related capped call transactions. We also paid approximately 7.0 million related to underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses (including net proceeds from the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option to purchase additional Convertible Notes). These proceeds were used to pay the cost of the Capped Call Transactions and to partially repay outstanding obligations under the 2018 Senior Credit Facility and 2017 Term Loan. See Note 5 Debt to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information concerning the Convertible Notes, Convertible Notes Offering and the Capped Call Transactions. 
 
 56 

On May 1, 2021, the Company contributed a portfolio of six hotels containing 846 guestrooms to our consolidated joint venture with an affiliate of GIC, Singapore s sovereign wealth fund. The estimated market value of the portfolio of hotel properties was 172.0 million and GIC contributed 84.3 million in cash for its 49 interest in our Joint Venture after the completion of the transfer of the six hotels. Net proceeds from the transaction were used to repay 62.5 million of our senior debt and 20.9 million was recorded as Cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 On July 9, 2021, we acquired the 110-guestroom Residence Inn by Marriott in Steamboat Springs, CO for 33.0 million through our Joint Venture. 
 
 On August 12, 2021, the Company sold 4,000,000 Series F preferred shares for net proceeds of 96.6 million, after the underwriting discount and offering-related expenses of 3.4 million. On September 4, 2021, using proceeds from the issuance of the Series F preferred shares, the Company paid 75.0 million to redeem all 3,000,000 of its outstanding 6.45 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at a redemption price of 25 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends. The remaining net proceeds from the Series F preferred share offering was used to repay 22.0 million of our senior debt. 
 
 On December 21, 2021, we acquired the 120-guestroom Embassy Suites by Hilton in Tucson, AZ for 25.5 million through our Joint Venture. The Joint Venture acquired the property with a combination of cash and an assumed loan that had a balance of approximately 13.3 million. The loan has a fixed interest rate of 4.99 and a maturity date of June 2028. 
 
 To satisfy the requirements for qualification as a REIT, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gains. We intend to distribute a sufficient amount of our taxable income to maintain our status as a REIT and to avoid tax on undistributed income. Because we anticipate distributing a substantial amount of our available cash from operations, if sufficient funds are not available to us from lodging property dispositions, our senior revolving credit and term loan facilities and other loans, we may need to raise additional capital to grow our business. 

Outstanding Indebtedness 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 15.0 million outstanding on our 400 Million Revolver, 200.0 million outstanding on our 200 Million Term Loan and 225.0 million outstanding on our 2018 Term Loan. Each of the credit facilities was supported by the 57 lodging properties included in the credit facility borrowing base and a pledge of the equity securities in each of the entities which own one or more of the 57 lodging properties, and the respective TRS Lessees. We also had 287.5 million of Convertible Notes outstanding and 59.3 million of Secured Mortgage Indebtedness. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the GIC Joint Venture had 200.0 million outstanding under our GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility, which included borrowings of 75.0 million on its 75.0 million term loan and 125.0 million on its 125.0 million revolving line of credit. The GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility is secured primarily by a first priority pledge of the equity interests in the subsidiaries that hold the 11-lodging property borrowing base assets, and the related TRS entities, which wholly own the TRS Lessees. 
 
 To complete the NCI Transaction, the GIC Joint Venture entered into a 410.0 million senior secured term loan facility (the GIC Joint Venture Term Loan secured by the 27 lodging properties and two parking garages acquired in the transaction and assumed a PACE loan totaling 6.5 million. The GIC Joint Venture Term Loan has an accordion feature which will permit an increase in the total commitments by up to 190.0 million, for aggregate potential borrowings of up to 600.0 million. The GIC Joint Venture Term Loan will mature on January 13, 2026 and can be extended for one 12-month period at the Company s option, subject to certain conditions. The GIC Joint Venture Term Loan is interest-only and provides for a floating interest rate equal to SOFR plus 2.86 . The outstanding balance of the PACE loan is 6.3 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Additionally, the GIC Joint Venture has a mortgage loan outstanding totaling 13.0 million at December 31, 2022 related to the acquisition of the Embassy Suites in Tucson, AZ in December 2021. 
 
 57 

On June 10, 2022, the Brickell Joint Venture, as borrower, and the Operating Partnership, as the non-recourse guarantor, entered into a 47.0 million mortgage loan and non-recourse guaranty with City National Bank of Florida to finance the dual-branded 264-guestroom AC/Element Hotel. The City National Bank Loan provides for an interest rate equal to one-month term SOFR plus 300 basis points. Payment terms include an interest-only period through June 30, 2024 and the loan will amortize on a 25-year schedule from July 1, 2024 through the maturity date of June 30, 2025. The City National Bank Loan is prepayable at any time without penalty. 
 
 On August 30, 2022, we entered into agreements to fully defease three commercial mortgage-backed securities ("CMBS") mortgage loans totaling 54.9 million. On December 1, 2022, we entered into an agreement to fully defease a fourth commercial mortgage-backed securities ("CMBS") mortgage loan totaling 32.3 million. To defease the CMBS mortgage loans, we were required to place into trust an amount sufficient to cover future principal and interest payments related to the loans. As a result, we are no longer obligated to make future interest payments of approximately 2.4 million between the defeasance dates and maturity dates. Finally, as part of the defeasances, 26.8 million of restricted cash reserves were returned to us. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we have scheduled debt principal amortization payments during the next twelve months totaling 2.2 million and no debt maturities until the fourth quarter of 2024 when taking into consideration available extension options. Currently, we have the capacity to pay these scheduled principal payments using cash on hand or draws under our 400 Million Revolver. 
 
 We have obtained financing through debt instruments having staggered maturities and intend to continue to do so in the future. Our debt includes, and may include in the future, debt secured by equity pledges, debt secured by first priority mortgage liens on certain lodging properties and unsecured debt. We believe that we will have adequate liquidity to meet the requirements for scheduled maturities and principal repayments. However, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to refinance our indebtedness as it becomes due and, if refinanced, whether such refinancing will be available on favorable terms. 
 
 Our outstanding indebtedness requires us to comply with various financial and other covenants. At December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with all of our loan agreements. In July 2022, we entered into amendments to each of the 2018 Senior Credit Facility and the 2018 Term Loan that give us full access to the 400 Million Revolver (subject to certain conditions) and improved certain financial covenant measures through December 31, 2023. Additionally, we have amended the GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility to provide for certain financial covenant waivers and adjustments as described in Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6 Debt. Our outstanding indebtedness requires us to comply with various financial and other covenants. At December 31, 2022, we and our GIC Joint Venture are in compliance with all loan covenants. 
 
 See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6 Debt " for additional information concerning our loans, loan amendments and our financing arrangements. 
 
 58 

A summary of our debt at December 31, 2022 is as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Lender Interest Rate Amortization Period (Years) Maturity Date Number of Properties Encumbered Principal Amount 12/31/2022 Outstanding 2018 Senior Credit Facility Bank of America, NA 400 Million Revolver (1) 
 6.37 Variable 
 n/a 3/31/2023 (6) 
 n/a 15,000 200 Million Term Loan (1) 
 6.32 Variable 
 n/a 4/1/2024 n/a 200,000 Total Senior Credit and Term Loan Facility 215,000 Term Loans KeyBank National Association Term Loan (1) 
 6.11 Variable 
 n/a 2/14/2025 n/a 225,000 Convertible Notes 1.50 Fixed 
 n/a 2/15/2026 n/a 287,500 Secured Mortgage Indebtedness MetaBank (4) 
 4.44 Fixed 
 25 7/1/2027 3 43,917 Bank of the Cascades (First Interstate Bank) (4) 
 6.39 Variable 
 25 12/19/2024 1 7,691 Bank of the Cascades (First Interstate Bank) (4) 
 4.30 Fixed 
 25 12/19/2024 7,691 Total Mortgage Loans 4 59,299 4 786,799 Brickell Joint Venture Mortgage Loan City National Bank of Florida (5) 
 7.36 Variable 
 25 6/30/2025 2 47,000 GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility and Term Loans Bank of America, N.A. 125 Million Revolver (2) 
 6.53 Variable 
 n/a 10/28/2023 (7) 
 n/a 125,000 75 Million Term Loan (2) 
 6.48 Variable 
 n/a 10/28/2023 (7) 
 n/a 75,000 Bank of America, N.A. (3) 
 7.19 Variable 
 n/a 1/13/2026 n/a 410,000 Wells Fargo (5) 
 4.99 Fixed 
 30 6/6/2028 1 13,032 PACE loan (5) 
 6.10 Fixed 
 20 7/31/2040 1 6,293 Total GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility and Term Loans 2 629,325 Total Joint Venture Debt 4 676,325 Total Debt 8 1,463,124 
 
 (1) The 2018 Senior Credit Facility and Term Loans are supported by a borrowing base of 57 unencumbered hotel properties and a pledge of the equity securities of the entities that own and operate the 57 unencumbered hotels. 
 (2) The 125 Million Revolver and the 75 Term Loan are secured by pledges of the equity in the entities (and affiliated entities) that own 11 lodging properties. 
 (3) The 410 term loan with Bank of America, N.A. is secured by pledges of the equity in the entities (and affiliated entities) that own 27 lodging properties. 
 (4) The Bank of Cascades mortgage loan is comprised of two promissory notes that are secured by the same collateral and cross-defaulted. 
 (5) These loans are subject to mortgage debt and secured by the same collateral. 
 (6) We have exercised our option to extend the maturity date for the 400 Million Revolver to September 30, 2023 and we have additional options to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2025, subject to certain conditions. 
 (7) The maturity date for the 200 Million Term Loan can be extended to April 1, 2025 at the Company s option, subject to certain conditions. 

Capital Expenditures 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we funded 76.5 million in capital expenditures. We anticipate spending an estimated 60.0 million to 80.0 million in capital expenditures across our portfolio (excluding the pro rata portion related to our joint venture partners) during the year ended December 31, 2023. We expect to fund these expenditures through a combination of cash on hand, working capital, cash flows from operations, restricted cash, borrowings under our 400 Million Revolver, or other potential sources of capital, to the extent available to us. 
 
 59 

Cash Flow Analysis 
 
 The following table summarizes changes in cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 169,615 66,051 103,564 Net cash used in investing activities (290,513) (74,244) (216,269) Net cash provided by financing activities 85,762 66,241 19,521 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (35,136) 58,048 (93,184) 
 
 Changes from the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 were due to the following: 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities . The increase in cash provided by operating activities primarily resulted from an increase in net income of 102.7 million after adjusting for non-cash items, such as depreciation and amortization, gains on the sale of assets and recoveries of credit losses, coupled with net changes in working capital of 0.9 million. The increase in net income during the year ended December 31, 2022 is the result of a significant improvement in our business that was primarily driven by an increase in leisure travel and to a lesser extent modest improvement in business and group travel and increases in our operating results due to acquisitions. Net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 were also negatively affected by the effects of the Pandemic. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities . The increase in cash used in investing activities was due to the closing of the NCI Transaction, the Brickell Transaction, and the Onera Transaction during the year ended December 31, 2022 and an increase in capital expenditures related to renovation costs of 56.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was partially offset by proceeds from the sale of 169-guestroom Hilton Garden Inn San Francisco Airport North in San Francisco, CA for a gross selling price of 75.0 million. Other changes were due to a reduction in the funding of a mezzanine loan of 7.8 million and a reduction in principal payments received from the repayment of mezzanine loans of 24.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities . Cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily the result of contributions from our joint venture partners of 204.1 million for the NCI Transaction and the Brickell Transaction, borrowings of 410.0 million under the GIC Joint Venture Term Loan for the NCI Transaction, offset by debt repayments, including the repayment of 328.7 million of debt assumed as part of the NCI Transaction, the repayment of the 2017 Term Loan of 62.0 million in May 2022, debt defeasances of 87.3 million and distributions to our joint venture partner of 80.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities was primarily the result of the completion of a convertible debt offering of 287.5 million aggregate principal amount, which was used to partially repay obligations under the 2018 Senior Credit Facility and to pay the cost of capped call transactions. 
 
 For information about our consolidated cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to "Part II Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Cash Flow Analysis " of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

60 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Asset Impairment 
 
 Each quarter, we evaluate the net carrying amounts of our long-term assets for impairment when impairment indicators are present. We evaluate for impairment triggers based on qualitative factors such as macroeconomic trends, trends related to demand for travel and lodging, and current and projected trends related to local market conditions. We also evaluate for impairment triggers based on quantitative factors such as historical and projected revenue and profitability performance trends. When an impairment indicator is identified, we perform a recoverability analysis based on estimated future undiscounted cash flows for the asset. Forecasted undiscounted cash flows require substantial management judgment related to estimates of future revenues, which is based on historical results, our expectations related to revenue trends and future performance of the asset, our assessment of current and future market conditions and competition, our expectations related to performance of the overall economy, and third-party industry published forecasts. Revenue performance has been volatile as a result of the Pandemic making revenue forecasts particularly challenging in the current environment. 

Critical Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards 
 
 See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies. " 

Cybersecurity 
 
 The hospitality industry and certain of the major brand and franchise companies have experienced cybersecurity breaches. We are not aware of any material cybersecurity losses at any of our properties. Cybersecurity risks at our lodging properties are managed through our franchisors and property management companies. An important part of our cybersecurity risk mitigation efforts includes maintaining cybersecurity insurance and indemnifications in certain of our property management agreements. Our board of directors, primarily through the audit committee, oversees management's approach to managing cybersecurity risks. 

Recent Developments 
 
 Lodging Property Portfolio Transactions 
 
 Disposition of Lodging Properties and Undeveloped Land 
 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party to sell a portfolio of four lodging properties for 28.1 million. We reclassified the properties as Assets held for sale, net at December 31, 2022 and recorded a loss on impairment of 2.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the portfolio of properties over the expected net selling price less costs to sell. Additionally, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party to sell a 6.0-acre parcel of undeveloped for 1.3 million. We reclassified the property as Assets held for sale, net at December 31, 2022 and recorded a write-down of 0.3 million at December 31, 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the undeveloped land over the expected net selling price less costs to sell. We also entered into an agreement for the sale of two lodging properties for 50.5 million. We reclassified the properties as Assets held for sale, net at December 31, 2022 and recorded a write-down of 7.2 million at December 31, 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the properties over the expected net selling price less costs to sell. 
 
 Investment in Development Property 
 
 On January 10, 2023, we entered into an agreement with affiliates of Onera to provide a mezzanine loan to fund up to 4.6 million for the development of a glamping property. Additionally, we issued a 3.0 million letter of credit to the senior lender of the project as additional support for the borrower's construction loan. The development is expected to be completed in 2024. In addition, we have an option to purchase 90 of the equity of the entity that owns the development property upon completion of construction at a pre-determined price. 

61 

Equity Transactions 
 
 On January 26, 2023, our Board of Directors declared cash dividends of 0.390625 per share of 6.25 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and 0.3671875 per share of 5.875 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors also declared on behalf of the Operating Partnership, a cash dividend of 0.328125 per share of the Operating Partnership's unregistered 5.25 Series Z Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Units. 
 
 Our Board of Directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.04 per share on our Common Stock and per Common Unit of the Operating Partnership. These dividends are payable on February 28, 2023 to holders of record as of February 14, 2023. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 Market risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market-sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business strategies, the primary market risk to which we are exposed is interest rate risk. Our primary interest rate exposure is to SOFR. We primarily use derivative financial instruments to manage interest rate risk. 
 
 In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA that regulates LIBOR announced it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. As a result, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, which identified SOFR as its preferred alternative to USD-LIBOR in derivatives and other financial contracts. The transition from LIBOR to SOFR or another benchmark interest rate may result in a different calculation of our variable interest rates that are currently indexed to LIBOR. Our 2018 Senior Credit Facility, 2018 Term Loan and GIC Joint Venture Term Loan have each been amended to transition from LIBOR to SOFR. As of December 31, 2022, we have three remaining loans that are indexed to LIBOR. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, one of the three remaining LIBOR-based loans was converted to SOFR. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were party to six and four interest rate derivative agreements, respectively, pursuant to which we receive variable-rate payments in exchange for making fixed-rate payments (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Average Annual Effective Fixed Rate Notional Amount Contract date Effective Date Expiration Date December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 October 2, 2017 January 29, 2018 January 31, 2023 1.96 100,000 100,000 October 2, 2017 January 29, 2018 January 31, 2023 1.98 100,000 100,000 June 11, 2018 September 28, 2018 September 30, 2024 2.86 75,000 75,000 June 11, 2018 December 31, 2018 December 31, 2025 2.92 125,000 125,000 July 26, 2022 January 31, 2023 January 31, 2027 2.60 100,000 July 26, 2022 January 31, 2023 January 31, 2029 2.56 100,000 600,000 400,000 
 
 At December 31, 2022, after giving effect to our interest rate derivative agreements in effect as of that date, 758.4 million, or 51.8 , of our debt had fixed interest rates and 704.7 million, or 48.2 , had variable interest rates. At December 31, 2022, debt related to our wholly-owned properties coupled with our pro rata share of joint venture debt results in a fixed-rate debt ratio of approximately 65.1 of our total pro rata indebtedness when including the effect of interest rate swaps effective as of that date. 
 
 At December 31, 2021, after giving effect to our interest rate derivative agreements, 842.9 million, or 77.9 , of our debt had fixed interest rates and 238.5 million, or 22.1 , had variable interest rates. 
 
 As our fixed-rate debts mature, they will become subject to interest rate risk. At December 31, 2022, we have scheduled payments of principal on debt during the year ended December 31, 2023 totaling approximately 2.2 million and no principal maturities until the fourth quarter of 2024 when taking into consideration available extension options. 
 
 62 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are included on pages F-1 through F-46 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on the Effectiveness of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and that our receipts and our expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our board of directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on such evaluation, our management concluded that we had effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an auditor s attestation report on our management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This report is included in "Part II Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

63 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 64 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (the 2023 Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to our securities that may be issued under existing equity compensation plans: 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options Number of Securities 
 Remaining Available 
 for Future Issuance 
 Under Equity 
 Compensation Plans 
 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. Stockholders (1) 
 2,850,435 Total 2,850,435 
 
 (1) Consists of our Equity Plan. 
 
 The following table represents common shares retained by the Company for employee taxes due upon vesting of equity awards during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs March 1, 2022 - March 31, 2022 248,253 9.43 May 1, 2022 - May 31, 2022 12,547 9.06 Total 260,800 
 
 The other information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 The information required by this item regarding our principal accountant, Ernst Young LLP (PCAOB ID No. ), is incorporated by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

65 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 1. Financial Statements: 
 
 Included herein at pages F-1 through F-46 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 The following financial statement schedule is included herein at pages F-47 through F-51. 
 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 All schedules for which provision is made in Regulation S-X are either not required to be included herein pursuant to the related instructions or are inapplicable or the related information is included in the footnotes to the applicable financial statement. 
 
 3. Exhibits: 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report: 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 

66 

EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on February 28, 2012). 
 3.2 
 Articles Supplementary designating the Company s 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on October 28, 2011). 
 3.3 
 Articles Supplementary designating the Company s 7.875 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on December 7, 2012). 
 3.4 
 Articles Supplementary designating the Company s 7.125 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on March 19, 2013). 
 3.5 
 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. prohibiting election under Sections 3-803, 3-804(a), 3-804(b) and 3-805 of the MGCL without stockholder approval (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 26, 2016). 
 3.6 
 Articles Supplementary designating the Company s 6.45 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on June 24, 2016). 
 3.7 
 Articles of Amendment of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 19, 2017). 
 3.8 
 Articles Supplementary of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 19, 2017). 
 3.9 
 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. designating the Company s 6.250 Series E Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to Registration Statement on Form 8-A filled by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on November 8, 2017). 
 3.10 
 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. designating the Company s 5.875 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on August 11, 2021). 
 3.11 
 Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation Articles Supplementary. 
 3.12 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 19, 2017). 
 3.13 
 First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on August 26, 2019). 
 3.14 
 First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Summit Hotel OP, LP, dated February 14, 2011, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 6, 2013). 
 3.15 
 First Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Summit Hotel OP, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on October 28, 2011). 
 3.16 
 Second Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Summit Hotel OP, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on April 16, 2012). 
 3.17 
 Third Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Summit Hotel OP, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on December 7, 2012). 
 3.18 
 Fourth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Summit Hotel OP, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on March 19, 2013). 
 3.19 
 Fifth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Summit Hotel OP, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 24, 2016). 
 
 67 

3.20 
 Sixth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Summit Hotel OP, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on August 2, 2016). 
 3.21 
 Seventh Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Summit Hotel OP, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on November 8, 2017). 
 3.22 
 Eighth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Summit Hotel OP, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.19 of the Annual Report filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on February 21, 2018). 
 3.23 
 Ninth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Summit Hotel OP, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on August 11, 2021). 
 3.24 
 Tenth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Summit Hotel OP, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on January 14, 2022). 
 4.1 
 Specimen certificate of common stock of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on February 7, 2011). 
 4.2 
 Description of the registrant's securities. 
 4.3 
 Indenture, dated January 12, 2021, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on January 12, 2021). 
 4.4 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated January 12, 2021, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on January 12, 2021). 
 4.5 
 Form of 1.50 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2026 of the Company (attached as Exhibit A to the First Supplemental Indenture) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on January 12, 2021). 
 10.1 
 600,000,000 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2018, among Summit Hotel OP, LP, as Borrower, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., as Parent Guarantor, the other guarantors named therein, as Subsidiary Guarantors, the Initial Lenders, Initial Issuing Banks and Swing Line Banks, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., and Regions Bank, as Co-Syndication Agents, with Deutsche Bank Securities INC., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, as Joint Lead Arrangers and as Joint Bookrunners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on December 10, 2018). 
 10.2 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated May 7, 2020 among Summit Hotel OP, LP, as borrower, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., as parent guarantor, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, and the lenders party to the Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 12, 2020). 
 10.3 
 225,000,000 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2017, among Summit Hotel OP, LP, as Borrower, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., as Parent Guarantor, the other guarantors named therein, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and Bank of America, N.A., as co-syndication agents, KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., and Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner Smith, as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers, and a syndicate of lenders including KeyBank National Association, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Bank of America, N.A., Capital One, National Association, PNC Bank, National Association, Regions Bank, Raymond James Bank, N.A., Royal Bank of Canada, Branch Banking and Trust Company, and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report of the Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on October 2, 2017). 
 10.4 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated May 7, 2020 among Summit Hotel OP, LP, as borrower, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., as parent guarantor, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party to the Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 12, 2020). 
 
 68 

10.5 
 First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2018, among Summit Hotel OP, LP, as Borrower, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., as Parent Guarantor, the other guarantors named herein, as subsidiary guarantors, the initial lenders named therein, Keybank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Regions Bank, Raymond James Bank, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association, Capital One, National Association, and Branch Banking and Trust Company, as co-syndication agents, and Keybanc Capital Markets, Inc., as sole bookrunner, Keybanc Capital Markets, Inc., Regions Capital Markets, Raymond James Bank, N.A., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Capital One, National Association, and Branch Banking and Trust Company as joint lead arrangers. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Annual Report filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on February 21, 2018). 
 10.6 
 Third Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated May 7, 2020 among Summit Hotel OP, LP, as borrower, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., as parent guarantor, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party to the Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 12, 2020). 
 10.7 
 Amended and Restated Hotel Management Agreement, dated February 14, 2011, among Interstate Management Company, LLC and the subsidiaries of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on February 18, 2011). 
 10.8 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Hotel Management Agreement, dated June 30, 2011, among Interstate Management Company, LLC and the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on August 15, 2011). 
 10.9 
 Form of Lease Agreement between Summit Hotel OP, LP and TRS Lessee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on November 1, 2010). 
 10.10 
 Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective May 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on March 26, 2021). 
 10.1 1 
 Form of Stock Award Agreement (Service-Based Shares) between Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and its executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 3, 2016). 
 10.1 2 
 Form of Stock Award Agreement (Performance Based Shares) between Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and its executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 3, 2016). 
 10.1 3 
 Form of Incentive Award Agreement between Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and its executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 3, 2016). 
 10.1 4 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 28, 2014, between Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and Christopher R. Eng (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on August 6, 2014). 
 10.1 5 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 3, 2015, between Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and Paul Ruiz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 4, 2015). 
 10.1 6 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 17, 2020, between Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and William Conkling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on April 28, 2021). 
 10. 17 
 First Amendment to Stock Award Agreement (Performance Shares), dated December 31, 2021, between Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and Daniel P. Hansen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on January 5, 2022). 
 10. 18 
 First Amendment to Stock Award Agreement (Performance Shares), dated December 31, 2021, between Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and Daniel P. Hansen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on January 5, 2022). 
 10. 19 
 Mutual Release of Claims, dated December 31, 2021 , between Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and Daniel P. Hansen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on January 5, 2022). 
 10. 20 
 Separation Agreement and General Release dated February 28, 2022 between Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and Craig J. Aniszewski 
 10. 21 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and each of its Executive Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on November 1, 2010). 
 
 69 

10 .22 
 200 Million Credit Agreement dated October 8, 2019 among Summit JV MR 1, LLC, as borrower, Summit Hospitality JV, LP, as parent, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, Bank of America N.A., as administrative agent and sole initial lender, and BofA Securities, Inc., as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on October 15, 2019). 
 10 .23 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated June 18, 2020 among Summit JV MR 1, LLC, as borrower, Summit Hospitality JV, LP, as parent guarantor, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party to the Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on June 24, 2020). 
 10 .24 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated February 5, 2021 among Summit Hotel OP, LP, as borrower, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., as parent guarantor, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, and the lenders party to the Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on February 8, 2021). 
 10 .25 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated February 5, 2021 among Summit Hotel OP, LP, as borrower, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., as parent guarantor, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party to the Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on February 8, 2021). 
 10 .26 
 Sixth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated February 5, 2021 among Summit Hotel OP, LP, as borrower, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., as parent guarantor, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party to the Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on February 8, 2021). 
 10 .27 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated April 29, 2021 among Summit JV MR 1, LLC, as borrower, Summit Hospitality JV, LP, as parent guarantor, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party to the Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on May 4, 2021). 
 10. 28 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated January 13, 2022 among Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and Bright Force Investment, LLC, Sagestar Family, LLC and C D Family Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on January 14, 2022). 
 10. 29 
 Director Nomination Agreement dated January 13, 2022 among Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and Bright Force Investment, LLC, Sagestar Family, LLC and C D Family Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on January 14, 2022). 
 10. 30 
 Tax Protection Agreement dated January 13, 2022 among Summit Hotel OP, LP and Newcrest I mage Holdings, LLC, Sagestar Family, LLC and C D Family Holding, LLC, LLC, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on January 14, 2022). 
 10. 31 
 410 Million Credit Agreement, dated January 13, 2022, among Summit JV MR 2, LLC, Summit JV MR 3, LLC and Summit NCI NOLA BR 184, LLC as borrowers, Summit Hospitality JV, LP, as parent, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a guarantor, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and initial lender, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as syndication agent and initial lender, BofA Securities, Inc., as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. on January 14, 2022). 
 10. 32 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated April 29, 2021 among Summit JV MR 1, LLC, as borrower, Summit Hospitality JV, LP, as parent guarantor, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders including Bank of America, N.A., KeyBank National Association and Bank of Montreal, Chicago Branch. 
 10. 33 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated July 21, 2022 among Summit Hotel OP, LP, as borrower, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., as parent guarantor, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party to the Credit Agreement. 
 10 . 34 
 Eighth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated July 21, 2022 among Summit Hotel OP, LP, as borrower, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., as parent guarantor, each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party to the Credit Agreement. 
 
 70 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young, LLP 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS (1) 
 XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH (1) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL (1) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF (1) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB (1) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE (1) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 104 (1) 
 The cover page for Summit Hotel Properties, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith 
 (1) Submitted electronically herewith 

71 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES, INC. (registrant) 
 Date: February 27, 2023 By: /s/ Jonathan P. Stanner Jonathan P. Stanner President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Jeffrey W. Jones Chairman of the Board of Directors February 27, 2023 Jeffrey W. Jones /s/ Jonathan P. Stanner President, Chief Executive Officer and Director February 27, 2023 Jonathan P. Stanner (principal executive officer) /s/ William H. Conkling Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 27, 2023 William H. Conkling (principal financial officer) /s/ Paul Ruiz Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer February 27, 2023 Paul Ruiz (principal accounting officer) /s/ Bjorn R. L. Hanson Director February 27, 2023 Bjorn R. L. Hanson /s/ Kenneth J. Kay Director February 27, 2023 Kenneth J. Kay /s/ Mehulkumar B. Patel Director February 27, 2023 Mehulkumar B. Patel /s/ Amina Belouizdad Porter Director February 27, 2023 Amina Belouizdad Porter /s/ Thomas W. Storey Director February 27, 2023 Thomas W. Storey /s/ Hope S. Taitz Director February 27, 2023 Hope S. Taitz 
 
 72 

SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES, INC. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 42) 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interests 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 11 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 F- 47 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity and redeemable non-controlling interests, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 F-2 

Hotel Property Acquisitions Description of the Matter During 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of 27 lodging properties and two parking structures from NewcrestImage Holdings, LLC for an aggregate purchase price of 822.0 million. As disclosed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition, and as a result, is recorded at the price to acquire the real estate properties, including acquisition costs. The purchase price is allocated to land, hotel buildings and improvements, intangible assets, furniture, fixtures and equipment and other assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if any, based on their relative fair values. 
 
 Auditing the Company's accounting for its acquisition was complex due to the significant estimation required by management in determining the relative fair value assigned to the acquired land, hotel buildings and improvements, intangible assets, furniture, fixtures and equipment and assumed liabilities. The significant estimation was primarily due to the judgmental nature of the assumptions used to measure the fair value of the assets and liabilities. The more significant assumptions utilized included replacement costs for the acquired hotel buildings and the related improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment, market rental rates and market comparable prices for similar land parcels and the discount rate related to acquired tax incentives. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's accounting for asset acquisition process, including controls over the Company s valuation of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities as well as the Company s review of the assumptions underlying the purchase price allocation and the accuracy of the underlying data used. For example, we tested the Company's controls over the review of the valuation models and underlying assumptions used to develop such values. Our testing of the Company s accounting for its acquisition included, among other procedures, reading the purchase agreement, evaluating whether the Company had appropriately determined the transaction was accounted for as a business combination or asset acquisition, assessing the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies utilized, evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the significant assumptions and estimates. We involved our valuation specialists to assist with our evaluation of the methodologies and significant assumptions used by the Company. For example, our valuation specialists compared the significant market assumptions utilized by the Company to independently identified industry, market and economic data sources in addition to corroborating the individual property fair values with comparable sales data. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

February 27, 2023 
 F-3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity and redeemable non-controlling interests and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on the Effectiveness of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Austin, Texas 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 F-4 

Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Investments in lodging property, net Undeveloped land Assets held for sale, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Right-of-use assets, net Trade receivables, net Prepaid expenses and other Deferred charges, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY Liabilities: Debt, net of debt issuance costs Lease liabilities, net Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Redeemable non-controlling interests Equity: Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized: 
 Series E - shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (aggregate liquidation preference of at December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 Series F - shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 (aggregate liquidation preference of at December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit and distributions in excess of retained earnings ) ) Total stockholders equity Non-controlling interests Total equity Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interests and equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-5 

Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Room Food and beverage Other Total revenues Expenses: Room Food and beverage Other hotel operating expenses Property taxes, insurance and other Management fees Depreciation and amortization Corporate general and administrative Transaction costs (Recoveries of) provision for credit losses ) ) Loss on write-down or impairment of assets Total expenses Gain (loss) on disposal of assets, net ) Operating income (loss) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Other income, net Total other expense ) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (Note 14) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less - Loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net income (loss) attributable to Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. before preferred dividends and distributions ) ) Less - Distributions to and accretion of redeemable non-controlling interests ) Less - Preferred dividends ) ) ) Premium on redemption of preferred stock ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders Loss per share: Basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Dividends per common share 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (in thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. ) ) Distributions to and accretion on redeemable non-controlling interests ) Preferred dividends ) ) ) Premium on redemption of preferred stock ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interests 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Redeemable Non-controlling Interests Shares of Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Shares of Common Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Comprehensive Income /(Loss) Accumulated Deficit and Distributions Shareholders Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity December 31, 2019 ) ) Common stock redemption of common units ) ) Contribution by non-controlling interest in joint venture Common dividends and distributions ) ) ) ) Preferred dividends and distributions ) ) ) ) Joint venture partner distributions ) ) Equity-based compensation Shares acquired for employee withholding requirements ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) Net proceeds from sale of preferred stock Redemption of preferred shares ) ) ) ) ) ) Purchases of capped call options ) ) ) Contribution by non-controlling interest in joint venture Common stock redemption of common units ) ) Common dividends and distributions Preferred dividends and distributions ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Shares acquired for employee withholding requirements ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interests 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Redeemable Non-controlling Interests Shares of Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Shares of Common Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Comprehensive Income /(Loss) Accumulated Deficit and Distributions Shareholders Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity December 31, 2021 ) ) Redeemable non-controlling interests in operating partnership issued for the acquisition of a portfolio of hotel properties Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interests to redemption value ) ) ) Non-controlling interests in operating partnership issued for the acquisition of a portfolio of hotel properties Sale of non-controlling interests in joint venture Contribution by non-controlling interest in joint venture Common stock redemption of common units ) Common dividends and distributions ) ) ) ) Preferred dividends and distributions ) ) ) ) ) Joint venture partner distributions ) ) Equity-based compensation Shares acquired for employee withholding requirements ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Net income ) December 31, 2022 ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs Loss on write-down or impairment of assets (Recoveries of) provision for credit losses ) ) Equity-based compensation Deferred tax asset, net ) ) (Gain) loss on disposal of assets, net ) ) Non-cash interest income ) ) ) Debt transaction costs Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Acquisitions of real estate property ) ) Improvements to lodging properties ) ) ) Proceeds from asset dispositions, net Contract termination payment for asset disposition ) Funding of real estate loans and related expenses ) ) ) Proceeds from principal payments on real estate loans Escrow deposits and deferred acquisition costs ) NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of debt Principal payments on debt ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of non-controlling interests Proceeds from equity offerings, net of issuance costs Redemption of preferred stock ) Purchases of capped call options ) Common dividends paid ) ) Preferred dividends and distributions paid ) ) ) Proceeds from contributions by non-controlling interests in joint venture Distributions to joint venture partner ) ) Financing fees, debt transactions costs and other issuance costs ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock for tax withholding requirements ) ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Beginning of period End of period RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH WITHIN THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET TO THE AMOUNTS SHOWN IN THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS ABOVE: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash TOTAL CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 
 lodging properties with a total of guestrooms located in states. At December 31, 2022, we own of the outstanding equity interests in 61 of of our lodging properties. We own a controlling interest in hotels through a joint venture with the sovereign wealth fund of Singapore (the "GIC Joint Venture"), and equity interests in separate joint ventures (the "Brickell Joint Venture" and the "Onera Joint Venture"). The Brickell Joint Venture owns lodging properties and the Onera Joint Venture owns lodging property. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, of our guestrooms were located in the top 50 metropolitan statistical areas MSAs ), were located within the top 100 MSAs and of our guestrooms operated under premium franchise brands owned by Marriott International, Inc. Marriott ), Hilton Worldwide Hilton ), Hyatt Hotels Corporation Hyatt ), and InterContinental Hotels Group IHG ). 
 
 We have elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT for federal income tax purposes. To qualify as a REIT, we cannot operate or manage our lodging properties. Accordingly, all of our lodging properties are leased to our taxable REIT subsidiaries TRS Lessees ). 
 
 Risks and Uncertainties 

NOTE 2 
 
 F-11 

reportable segment, for activities related to investing in real estate. Our investments in real estate are geographically diversified and the chief operating decision makers evaluate operating performance on an individual asset level. As each of our assets has similar economic characteristics, the assets have been aggregated into reportable segment. 

to years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment to years 

We periodically re-evaluate asset lives based on current assessments of remaining utilization, which may result in changes in estimated useful lives. Such changes are accounted for prospectively and will increase or decrease future depreciation expense. 
 
 When depreciable property and equipment is retired or disposed, the related costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the balance sheet and any gain or loss is reflected in current operations. 

F-12 

F-13 

Our allowance for doubtful accounts was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Bad debt expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F-14 

F-15 

F-16 

F-17 

million and accumulated amortization of approximately million have been reclassified within Investments in Lodging Property, net to conform to the current period presentation. 

NOTE 3 
 Lodging buildings and improvements Intangible assets Construction in progress Furniture, fixtures and equipment Real estate development loan (1) 
 Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2019, we executed a mezzanine loan to provide financing of million for a mixed-use development project that includes the AC/Element Hotel with guestrooms, retail space, and parking. In connection with the mezzanine loan, we had an option to purchase a equity interest in the AC/Element Hotel (the "Initial Purchase Option") upon completion of construction which occurred in December 2021. The mezzanine loan was classified as Investments in Lodging Property, net in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2021. See " Note 4 - Investment in Real Estate Loans " for further information. In June 2022, the balance of the mezzanine loan was extinguished with the exercise of the Initial Purchase Option to acquire the AC/Element Hotel as part of the Brickell Transaction as described below. 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F-18 

Other N/A Finite-lived intangible assets: Tax incentives (1) 
 Key money (1) 
 Total intangible assets Less - accumulated amortization ) Intangible assets, net 
 
 (1) Finite-lived intangible assets were primarily acquired in the NCI Transaction. 
 
 We recorded amortization expense related to intangible assets of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We did t record any amortization expense related to intangible assets for the for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 Lodging Property Acquisitions 
 
 NCI Transaction 
 
 In January and March 2022, the Operating Partnership and the GIC Joint Venture closed on a transaction with NewcrestImage Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and NewcrestImage Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together, NewcrestImage ), to purchase from NewcrestImage a portfolio of lodging properties, containing an aggregate of guestrooms, and parking structures, containing spaces and various financial incentives for an aggregate purchase price of million (the "NCI Transaction"), paid in the form of Common Units (deemed value of per unit), preferred units of limited partnership of the Operating Partnership newly designated as Series Z Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Units (Liquidation Preference Per Unit) (the Series Z Preferred Units ), cash draws totaling million from a term loan entered into by subsidiaries of the Joint Venture, the assumption by a subsidiary of the Joint Venture of approximately million in PACE loan debt, million of cash contributed to escrow in the prior year by GIC, as a limited partner in the GIC Joint Venture, and approximately million cash contributed by GIC at closing. GIC also contributed to the GIC Joint Venture an additional million in cash for estimated pre-acquisition costs related to the NCI Transaction, a portion of which was distributed to the Operating Partnership as reimbursement for transaction costs paid by the Operating Partnership. 
 
 F-19 

million and million, respectively. The Common Units were recorded at the closing prices of our Common Stock on the closing dates since the Common Units are redeemable for shares of our Common Stock on a :1 basis. We estimated the fair value of the Series Z Preferred Units based on the features and stated dividend coupon of the Series Z Preferred Units relative to similar securities with more readily determinable market values. We recorded the Series Z Preferred Units at their redemption value of million which approximates fair value on the closing dates. 
 
 Our GIC Joint Venture assumed million of debt in connection with the NCI Transaction and immediately repaid million of the assumed debt on the closing date using proceeds from borrowings on the GIC Joint Venture Term Loan (as described below). We recorded debt assumed in connection with the NCI Transaction at its face amount, which approximated fair market value on the closing date. 
 
 Our Joint Venture recorded the NCI Transaction as an asset acquisition and allocated the aggregate purchase price paid for the NCI Transaction to the net assets acquired based on their relative fair values. In determining relative fair values, we made significant estimates regarding replacement costs for the buildings and furniture, fixtures and equipment, and judgements related to certain market assumptions. Incentives and other intangibles include tax incentives totaling approximately million associated with certain of the acquired properties in the NCI Transaction and are being amortized over a weighted average amortization period of approximately years, which is the period in which we expect to meet the requirements to receive payment of the tax incentives. Other intangible assets totaling approximately million are related to key money associated with certain of the hotel properties acquired in the NCI Transaction and are being amortized over a weighted average amortization period of approximately years, which is the remaining key money contract period with the franchisor. 
 
 Brickell Transaction 
 
 On June 10, 2022, we formed the Brickell Joint Venture (see " Note 9 - Non-controlling Interests and Redeemable Non-controlling Interests ") to facilitate the exercise of our Initial Purchase Option to acquire a equity interest in the AC/Element Hotel. The exercise price of the Initial Purchase Option was million and was primarily funded with the conversion of the mezzanine loan of million to equity, million in cash and the assumption of debt. 
 
 Onera Transaction 
 
 On October 26, 2022 we formed the Onera Joint Venture (see " Note 9 - Non-controlling Interests and Redeemable Non-controlling Interests ") to facilitate the acquisition of a equity interest in the Onera Opportunity Fund I LP ("Onera") for million in cash, plus additional contingent consideration limited to a maximum of million, payable to the seller based on the performance of the property for the 12-month period ending July 31, 2023. The Onera Joint Venture has a fee simple interest in real property and improvements consisting of glamping lodging units and a -acre parcel of undeveloped land that will be developed as phase two of the lodging site in the future. 
 
 Transfer of Lodging Properties to GIC Joint Venture 
 
 On May 1, 2021, the Company contributed a portfolio of six hotels containing guestrooms to the GIC Joint Venture. The estimated market value of the portfolio of hotel properties was million and GIC contributed million in cash for its interest in the GIC Joint Venture after the completion of the transfer of the hotels. The transfer of the hotel properties was recorded by the GIC Joint Venture at the Company's net book values as of the transfer date since the transaction was a transfer of assets between entities under common control. The excess of the million of cash contributed by GIC over of the net carrying amount of the assets transferred totaling million was recorded in Additional paid-in capital. Transfer taxes of million and legal costs of million related to this transaction were recorded as Transaction costs during 2022. GIC paid , or million, of the million transfer tax which is reflected in non-controlling interest on our Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 F-20 

March 23, 2022 Canopy Hotel by Hilton (1) 
 New Orleans, LA June 10, 2022 AC/Element Hotel (2) 
 Miami (Brickell), FL October 26, 2022 Independent (3) 
 Fredericksburg, TX Year Ended December 31, 2021 July 9, 2021 Residence Inn by Marriott (4) 
 Steamboat Springs, CO December 21, 2021 Embassy Suites (4) 
 Tucson, AZ 
 
 (1) On January 13, 2022, we acquired a portfolio of hotels and parking garages for an aggregate purchase price of million. The hotels acquired included hotels and parking garages in Texas, hotels in Louisiana, and hotels in Oklahoma under the following brands: Marriott (13), Hilton (7), Hyatt (4), and IHG (2). On March 23, 2022, we acquired the Canopy New Orleans upon completion of its construction for a purchase price of million. 
 
 (2) We acquired a equity interest in the AC/Element Hotel for million based on the exercise price of the Initial Purchase Option of million. The transaction included the assumption of million of debt resulting in a net consideration payment requirement of million. We paid of the required net consideration with the conversion of our million mezzanine loan into equity and a cash payment of million. The carrying amount of our Initial Purchase Option of million is also included in the total amount allocated to the assets acquired. The Brickell Joint Venture partner s non-controlling interest of million represents of the fair value of the net assets on the transaction date, determined by a third-party valuation expert based on discounted forecasted future cash flows of the net assets acquired. We also incurred million of transaction costs. The result is a total amount allocated to the assets acquired of million plus an intangible asset totaling million related to the assumption of the franchises for the hotel properties and a related key money liability. 
 
 (3) On October 26, 2022, we completed the acquisition of a equity interest in Onera Joint Venture which owns a high-end glamping property for million based on aggregate purchase price of million. We paid for our in cash, plus million of transaction costs. Additionally, the transaction includes additional contingent consideration (based on performance of the property for the 12-month period ending July 31, 2023) that is limited to a maximum of million, payable to the seller. The Onera Joint Venture has a fee simple interest in real property and improvements consisting of glamping lodging units and a -acre parcel of undeveloped land that will be developed as phase two of the lodging site in the future. 
 
 (4) The net assets acquired in 2021 were purchased by our GIC Joint Venture for million plus the purchase of million of net working capital assets, capitalized transaction costs of million, and restricted cash reserves of million. Additionally, the Company assumed debt of million and paid deferred financing costs totaling million. We own a controlling interest in these hotel properties through our GIC Joint Venture. 
 
 The allocation of the aggregate purchase prices to the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired for the above acquisitions is as follows (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Land Lodging buildings and improvements Intangible assets Furniture, fixtures and equipment Restricted cash reserves Other assets Total assets acquired Debt assumed ) ) Deferred financing costs Lease liability assumed ) Key Money and other liabilities ) ) Net assets acquired (1) 

(1) Total assets acquired is based on an aggregate purchase price of million plus the following items related to the NCI Transaction: interest swap breakage fees and debt defeasance costs related to the NCI Transaction of million, a reduction to the value of the Common Units issued related to the NCI Transaction on the closing date of million, plus transaction costs of million, and intangible assets totaling million acquired outside of escrow; the following items related to the Brickell Transaction: Brickell Joint Venture partner s non-controlling interest of million; Brickell Joint Venture partner s non-controlling interest share of the debt assumed as part of the transaction of million, the assumption of intangible assets totaling million, the carrying amount of our Initial Purchase Option of million, and transactions costs of million; and the following items related to the Onera Transaction: Onera Joint Venture partner's non-controlling interest of million and million of transaction costs. 
 
 The net assets acquired in 2021 were purchased for million plus the purchase of million of net working capital assets, capitalized transaction costs of million, and restricted cash reserves of million. Additionally, the Company assumed debt of million and paid deferred financing costs totaling million. 
 
 F-21 

-guestroom Hilton Garden Inn San Francisco Airport North in San Francisco, CA for a gross selling price of million. The sale of this property resulted in a net gain of million to the GIC Joint Venture. 
 
 Loss on Impairment and Write-off of Assets 
 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party to sell a portfolio of lodging properties for million. We reclassified the properties to Assets held for sale, net at December 31, 2022 and recorded a write-down of million in the fourth quarter of 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the portfolio of properties over the expected net selling price less costs to sell. In addition, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party to sell a -acre parcel of undeveloped land for million. We reclassified the property to Assets held for sale, net at December 31, 2022 and recorded a write-down of million in the fourth quarter of 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the undeveloped land over the expected net selling price less costs to sell. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we also entered into an agreement for the sale of lodging properties for million. We reclassified the properties to Assets held for sale, net at December 31, 2022 and recorded a write-down of million at December 31, 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the properties over expected the net selling price less costs to sell. 
 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 
 Portfolio of two lodging properties Parcel of undeveloped land - San Antonio, TX Parcel of undeveloped land - Flagstaff, AZ 
 
 Assets held for sale, net at December 31, 2021 include a parcel of undeveloped land in Flagstaff, AZ. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded charges to Loss on impairment and write-off of assets of million and million, respectively, on its purchase options related to real estate development loans. See "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 10 Fair Value Measurement " for further information. 

NOTE 4 
 
 million for a mixed-use development project that includes the AC/Element Hotel, retail space, and parking. In December 2021, we modified the loan agreement to increase our funding commitment by million. We completed the funding of our entire million commitment during the first half of 2022. The loan was converted to equity in June 2022 upon the exercise of our Initial Purchase Option to acquire a equity interest in the AC/Element Hotel. The loan was recorded as Investments in Lodging Property, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2021. 
 F-22 

million. We provided seller financing totaling million on the sale of these properties under -year second mortgage notes with a blended interest rate of that are further collateralized by a personal guarantee from the principal of the borrower. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded an allowance for credit losses in an amount equal to the outstanding balance of the loans due to a borrower default caused by the negative effects of the Pandemic. On June 1, 2021, we amended the terms of the seller-financing loans and extended the maturity date of each loan to December 31, 2022. Under the amended loan terms, interest is accruing monthly at a rate of per annum, including payable in cash and paid-in-kind. Semiannual principal payments of million began on April 15, 2022. 
 
 On September 15, 2022, we received a million payment to repay of the loans in full. On September 15, 2022, we amended the terms of the seller-financing loans and extended the maturity date of the remaining loan to December 31, 2023. On October 26, 2022, we received a million principal payment from the borrower on the remaining outstanding loan. The outstanding principal of the remaining seller-financing loan as of October 26, 2022 is million. The outstanding principal balance of the seller-financing loan continues to be fully reserved pending further consistent performance by the borrower under the modified terms of the loan. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) 

NOTE 5 
 Property taxes Other 
 
 The Company maintains reserve funds for property taxes, insurance, capital expenditures and replacement or refurbishment of furniture, fixtures and equipment at some of our lodging properties in accordance with management, franchise or mortgage loan agreements. These agreements generally require us to reserve cash ranging from to of the revenues of the individual lodging property in restricted cash escrow accounts. Any unused restricted cash balances revert to us upon the termination of the underlying agreement or may be released to us from the restricted cash escrow accounts upon proof of expenditures and approval from the lender or other party requiring the restricted cash reserves. 
 
 F-23 

Prepaid insurance Escrow deposits (1) 
 Prepaid taxes Other 
 
 (1) Prepaid acquisition costs and escrow deposits at December 31, 2021 primarily relate to the NCI Transaction which was completed in January 2022. See " Note 3 - Investments in Lodging Property, net ." 
 
 Deferred Charges 
 
 Less - accumulated amortization ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Other Assets 
 
 Purchase options related to real estate loans Deferred tax asset, net Other 
 
 Accrued Expenses and Other 
 
 Derivative financial instruments Accrued salaries and benefits Other accrued expenses at lodging properties Accrued interest Other 
 
 F-24 

NOTE 6 
 at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Million Senior Credit and Term Loan Facility 
 
 On December 6, 2018, the Operating Partnership, as borrower, the Company, as parent guarantor, and each party executing the loan documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, entered into a million senior credit facility (the 2018 Senior Credit Facility with Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders. The 2018 Senior Credit Facility is comprised of a million revolver (the " Million Revolver") and a million term loan facility (the Million Term Loan ). The 2018 Senior Credit Facility has an accordion feature which allows the Company to increase the total commitments by an aggregate of up to million. At December 31, 2022, the Million Term Loan was fully funded and we had million of borrowings on our Million Revolver. Borrowings under the 2018 Senior Credit Facility are limited by the value of the Unencumbered Assets. 
 
 On July 21, 2022, Bank of America, N.A. entered into successor administrative agent documentation to succeed Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch as administrative agent on the 2018 Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 Amendments to Million Senior Credit Facility 
 
 Between May 2020 and July 2022, the Company entered into several amendments to the 2018 Senior Credit Facility (the Credit Facility Amendments ). We entered into the most recent amendment to the 2018 Senior Credit Facility on July 21, 2022 (the "Amendment"). The Amendment eliminated in its entirety the requirement that we grant first lien mortgages and assignments of leases on the unencumbered assets upon any advance that would cause the total amount outstanding under the revolving credit facility to exceed million. The Amendment also provided improvements to certain of the key financial covenants including eliminating the minimum liquidity covenant. At December 31, 2022, we had million of borrowings outstanding on the Million Revolver. 
 
 Pursuant to the Amendment, the Million Revolver and Million Term Loan each now have additional extension options available, subject to certain conditions. The Million Revolver had an original maturity date of March 31, 2023, but we have exercised our option to extend the maturity date to September 30, 2023. We have additional options to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2025, subject to certain conditions. The Million Term Loan will mature on April 1, 2024 and can be extended to April 1, 2025 at the Company s option, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 On July 21, 2022, the interest rate on the 2018 Senior Credit Facility was transitioned from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The interest rate on the 2018 Senior Credit Facility is based on a pricing grid ranging from basis points to basis points plus SOFR plus a basis point credit spread adjustment for the Million Revolver and basis points to basis points plus SOFR plus a basis point credit spread adjustment for the Million Term Loan, depending on the Company's leverage ratio (as defined in the loan documents). For purposes of the 2018 Senior Credit Facility, SOFR is subject to a floor of basis points. 
 
 The Credit Facility Amendments require the borrower and certain subsidiaries to pledge to the secured parties all of the equity interests in the entities that own all properties included in the unencumbered asset pool supporting the facility Unencumbered Properties ), as well as the equity interests in the TRS Lessees related to such Unencumbered Properties until the borrower meets certain conditions for their release. The Credit Facility Amendments also permitted the Company to complete the Convertible Notes Offering (defined below), the Series F preferred shares offering (defined below), close on the NCI Transaction and enter into equity transactions and indebtedness related thereto. 
 F-25 

million term loan (the 2018 Term Loan with KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders listed in the loan documentation, which is fully drawn as of December 31, 2022. The 2018 Term Loan has an accordion feature that allows us to increase the total commitments by million prior to the maturity date of February 14, 2025, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 Amendments to Million 2018 Term Loan 
 
 Between May 2020 and July 2022, the Company entered into several amendments to the 2018 Term Loan. The amendments to the 2018 Term Loan are substantially the same as the Credit Facility Amendments described above related to the 2018 Senior Credit Facility. There was no modification to the maturity date of the 2018 Term Loan. 
 
 We pay interest on advances at varying rates, based upon, at our option, either (i) daily, 1-, 3-, or 6-month SOFR (subject to a floor of basis points), plus a SOFR adjustment equal to basis points and an applicable margin between and basis points, depending upon our leverage ratio (as defined in the loan documents). We are required to pay other fees, including customary arrangement and administrative fees. 
 
 Financial and Other Covenants . We are required to comply with various financial and other covenants to draw and maintain borrowings under the 2018 Term Loan. The 2018 Term Loan Amendments provide that certain financial and other covenants under the 2018 Term Loan were waived or adjusted, which waivers and adjustments are the same as under the amendments to the Company s 2018 Senior Credit Facility. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 
 Unencumbered Assets . The 2018 Term Loan Amendments require the borrower and certain subsidiaries to pledge to the secured parties all of the equity interests in the entities that own the Unencumbered Properties, as well as the equity interests in the TRS Lessees related to such Unencumbered Properties until the borrower meets certain conditions for the release of such pledges. During the period that the pledges are in place, as well as at all other times during the term of the facility, borrowings under the 2018 Term Loan are limited by the value of the Unencumbered Assets. 
 
 2017 Term Loan 
 
 On September 26, 2017, our Operating Partnership, as borrower, the Company, as parent guarantor, and each party executing the term loan documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, entered into a million term loan (the "2017 Term Loan") with KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders listed in the loan documentation. The 2017 Term Loan had an original maturity date of November 2022. In May 2022, we repaid in full the balance of the 2017 Term Loan of million with our share of the proceeds from the sale of the -guestroom Hilton Garden Inn San Francisco Airport North in San Francisco, CA, along with cash on hand, and formally terminated the facility. 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes and Capped Call Options 
 
 On January 7, 2021, we entered into an underwriting agreement (the Convertible Notes Offering pursuant to which the Company agreed to offer and sell million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2026 (the Convertible Notes"). The net proceeds from the Convertible Notes Offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company (including net proceeds from the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option to purchase additional Convertible Notes), were approximately million before consideration of the Capped Call Transactions (as described below). These proceeds were used to pay the cost of the Capped Call Transactions and to partially repay outstanding obligations under the 2018 Senior Credit Facility and 2017 Term Loan. 
 
 F-26 

per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on August 15, 2021. The Convertible Notes will mature on February 15, 2026 (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier converted, purchased or redeemed. Prior to August 15, 2025, the Convertible Notes will be convertible only upon certain circumstances and during certain periods. On or after August 15, 2025 and through the Maturity Date, holders may convert any of their Convertible Notes into shares of the Company s common stock, at the applicable conversion rate at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day prior to the Maturity Date, unless the Convertible Notes have been previously purchased or redeemed by the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded coupon interest expense of million and million, respectively, and amortized million during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of the million debt issuance costs related to the Convertible Notes Offering. Including the amortization of the debt issuance costs, the current effective interest rate on the Convertible Notes is approximately . The unamortized discount related to the Convertible Notes was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The initial conversion rate of the Convertible Notes is 83.4028 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of per share of common stock based on the base conversion premium on the reference price of per share. In no event will the conversion rate exceed 114.6788 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, subject to certain adjustments defined in the Convertible Notes Offering. Commensurate with the declaration of dividends on our Common Stock and Common Units on August 31, 2022 and November 30, 2022, the conversion rate of the Convertible Notes was adjusted to 84.1871 shares of Common Stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes at December 31, 2022. 
 
 On January 7, 2021, in connection with the pricing of the Convertible Notes, and on January 8, 2021, in connection with the full exercise by the Underwriters of their option to purchase additional Convertible Notes pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Capped Call Transactions with certain of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and another financial institution (the Capped Call Counterparties ). The Capped Call Transactions initially cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the Convertible Notes, the number of shares of common stock underlying the Convertible Notes. The Capped Call Transactions are generally expected to reduce the potential dilution to holders of shares of common stock upon conversion of the Convertible Notes or offset the potential cash payments that the Company could be required to make in excess of the principal amount of any converted Convertible Notes upon conversion thereof, with such reduction or offset subject to a cap. 
 
 The effective strike price of the Capped Call Transactions is initially , which represents a premium of over the last reported sale price of the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on January 7, 2021, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call transactions. The strike price was at December 31, 2022 due to the adjustments related to the dividends paid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 MetaBank and Other Mortgage Loans 
 
 On June 30, 2017, Summit Meta 2017, LLC SM-17 ), a subsidiary of our Operating Partnership, entered into a million secured, non-recourse loan with MetaBank (the "MetaBank Loan"). The MetaBank Loan provides for a fixed interest rate of , amortizes over years, and matures on July 1, 2027. The MetaBank Loan is secured by hotel properties and is subject to a prepayment penalty if prepaid prior to April 1, 2027. In or around December 2021, MetaBank sold the MetaBank Loan to Bayside MB CRE Loans, LLC Bayside ). On October 25, 2022, SM-17 received a letter from Bayside s counsel alleging various events of default under the MetaBank Loan, primarily related to certain non-monetary covenants. SM-17 disputes that such events of default have occurred. We have engaged legal counsel and have entered into discussions with Bayside to address the matter. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had mortgage loans totaling million and million, respectively, that are secured primarily by first mortgage liens on and hotel properties, respectively. 
 F-27 

commercial mortgage-backed securities ("CMBS") mortgage loans totaling million, and by placing into trust an amount sufficient to cover future principal and interest payments. The defeasance resulted in the hotel properties that collateralized the CMBS mortgage loans becoming unencumbered. The defeasance was recorded as an extinguishment of the debt since we have been fully released from liability. As part of the transaction, we incurred transaction costs of million that were recorded as Debt Transaction Costs in our Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. We will no longer be obligated to make future interest payments of approximately million between the defeasance dates and the original maturity dates, and million of restricted cash reserves were returned to us. We also expensed million of unamortized deferred financing costs related to the defeased CMBS mortgage loans as debt transaction costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility 
 
 On October 8, 2019, Summit JV MR 1, LLC (the Borrower ), as borrower, and Summit Hospitality JV, LP (the Parent or "GIC Joint Venture"), as parent of the Borrower, and each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, entered into a million credit facility (the GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and sole initial lender, and BofA Securities, Inc., as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner. The Operating Partnership and the Company are not borrowers or guarantors of the GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility. The GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility is guaranteed by all of the Borrower s existing and future subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 The GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility is comprised of a million revolving credit facility (the Million Revolver and a million term loan (the Million Term Loan ). The GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility has an accordion feature which allows us to increase the total commitments by up to million, for aggregate potential borrowings of up to million on the GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility. At December 31, 2022, we had million outstanding under the Million Revolver. 
 
 The Million Revolver and the Million Term Loan will mature on October 8, 2023. Each individually can be extended for a single consecutive period at the Joint Venture's option, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 Interest is paid on revolving credit advances at varying rates based upon, at the Borrower's option, either (i) 1-, 2-, 3-, or 6-month LIBOR, plus a margin of for Eurodollar rate advances, or (ii) LIBOR, plus a margin of for LIBOR floating rate advances. The interest rate at December 31, 2022 was . The applicable margin for a term loan advance shall be basis points less than revolving credit advances referenced above. The GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility has been amended to accommodate the transition from LIBOR to SOFR, when LIBOR is no longer available. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the GIC Joint Venture Facility was converted to SOFR. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 
 Amendments to Million GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility 
 
 On June 18, 2020, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to Credit Agreement related to the GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility Second Amendment ). The Second Amendment resulted in waivers or adjustments to certain financial and other covenants under the GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility, which are described in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 24, 2020. 
 
 On April 29, 2021, the Borrower, Parent, and each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, entered into a Third Amendment to Credit Agreement concerning the GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility (the GIC Joint Venture Amendment ). 
 
 Certain financial and other covenants under the GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility were waived or adjusted as follows: 
 
 Increase of the Maximum Leverage Ratio through the initial maturity date; 
 Increase of the Borrowing Base Leverage through the initial maturity date; 
 
 During the covenant waiver period, the applicable margin was increased to basis points and basis points for the Million Revolver and Million Term Loan, respectively. The covenant waiver period has expired so the applicable margin has reverted to basis points and basis points for the Million Revolver and Million Term Loan, respectively. 
 
 F-28 

assets financed by the facility, and the related TRS entities, which wholly own the TRS Lessees that lease each of the borrowing base assets. There are currently 11 hotel properties deemed borrowing base assets. 
 
 GIC Joint Venture Term Loan 
 
 In connection with the NCI Transaction, on January 13, 2022, Summit JV MR 2, LLC, Summit JV MR 3, LLC and Summit NCI NOLA BR 184, LLC (each of which is a subsidiary of the GIC Joint Venture, and are collectively, the Borrowers ), the GIC Joint Venture, as parent guarantor, and each party executing the credit facility documentation as a subsidiary guarantor, entered into a million senior secured term loan facility (the GIC Joint Venture Term Loan with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and initial lender, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agent and an initial lender, and BofA Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. 
 
 Neither the Operating Partnership nor the Company are borrowers or guarantors of the GIC Joint Venture Term Loan. The GIC Joint Venture Term Loan is guaranteed by the GIC Joint Venture and all of the Borrowers existing and future subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 The GIC Joint Venture Term Loan provides for a million term loan and has an accordion feature which permits an increase in the total commitments by up to million, for aggregate potential borrowings of up to million. The GIC Joint Venture Term Loan will mature on January 13, 2026 and can be extended for one period at the option of the GIC Joint Venture, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million outstanding on the GIC Joint Venture Term Loan bearing interest at a floating rate of SOFR plus . The interest rate at December 31, 2022 was . 
 
 Borrowing Base Assets 
 
 The GIC Joint Venture Term Loan is secured primarily by a first priority pledge of the Borrowers equity interests in the subsidiaries that hold a direct or indirect interest in the hotel properties and parking facilities purchased in the NCI Transaction that constitute borrowing base assets. The GIC Joint Venture Term Loan contains terms, conditions and covenants for typical for similar credit facilities. 
 
 PACE Loan 
 
 As part of the NCI Transaction, a subsidiary of the GIC Joint Venture assumed a PACE loan of approximately million. The loan bears fixed interest at , has an amortization period of years, and matures on July 31, 2040. The PACE loan is secured by an assessment lien imposed by the County of Tarrant, Texas for the benefit of the lender. 
 
 Brickell Mortgage Loan 
 
 In June 2022, the Company entered into a joint venture (the "Brickell Joint Venture") with C-F Brickell, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that was the developer of the AC/Element Hotel ("C-F Brickell"), to facilitate the exercise of the Initial Purchase Option to acquire a equity interest in the Brickell Joint Venture, which owned a interest in the AC/Element Hotel. On June 10, 2022, the Brickell Joint Venture entered into a million mortgage loan and non-recourse guaranty with City National Bank of Florida to finance the dual-branded -guestroom AC/Element Hotel. The City National Bank Loan provides for an interest rate equal to one-month term SOFR plus basis points. Payment terms include an interest-only period through June 30, 2024 and the loan will amortize based on a schedule from July 1, 2024 through the maturity date of June 30, 2025. The City National Bank Loan is prepayable at any time without penalty. 

F-29 

Variable 
 n/a 3/31/2023 (11) 
 n/a 200 Million Term Loan (1) Variable 
 n/a 4/1/2024 n/a Total Senior Credit and Term Loan Facility Term Loans KeyBank National Association Term Loan (1) Variable 
 n/a 11/25/2022 n/a KeyBank National Association Term Loan (1) Variable 
 n/a 2/14/2025 n/a Total Term Loans Convertible Notes Fixed 
 n/a 2/15/2026 n/a Secured Mortgage Indebtedness MetaBank (2) Fixed 
 7/1/2027 KeyBank National Association (Berkadia) (3) Fixed 
 2/1/2023 (4) Fixed 
 4/1/2023 (5) Fixed 
 4/1/2023 KeyBank National Association (6) Fixed 
 8/1/2023 Bank of the Cascades (First Interstate Bank) (7) Variable 
 12/19/2024 Bank of the Cascades (First Interstate Bank) (7) Fixed 
 12/19/2024 Total Mortgage Loans Brickell Joint Venture Mortgage Loan City National Bank of Florida Variable 
 6/30/2025 GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility and Term Loans (8) Bank of America, N.A. 125 Million Revolver Variable 
 n/a 10/8/2023 (12) 
 n/a 75 Million Term Loan Variable 
 n/a 10/8/2023 (12) 
 n/a Bank of America, N.A. Variable 
 n/a 1/13/2026 n/a Wells Fargo (9) Fixed 
 6/6/2028 PACE loan (10) Fixed 
 7/31/2040 Total GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility and Term Loans Total Joint Venture Debt Total Debt Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Debt, net of issuance costs 
 
 (1) The million Senior Revolving Credit and Term Loan Facility and Term Loans are supported by a borrowing base of unencumbered hotel properties and a pledge of the equity securities of the entities that own the properties and their affiliates. 
 
 (2) On June 30, 2017, we entered into the MetaBank Loan. The MetaBank Loan is secured by the Hampton Inn Suites in Minneapolis, MN, the Four Points by Sheraton Hotel Suites in South San Francisco, CA, and the Hyatt Place in Mesa, AZ. The MetaBank Loan is subject to a prepayment penalty if prepaid prior to April 1, 2027. In or around December 2021, MetaBank sold the MetaBank Loan to Bayside MB CRE Loans, LLC Bayside ). On October 25, 2022, Summit Meta 2017, LLC SM-17 ), a subsidiary of our Operating Partnership, received a letter from Bayside s counsel alleging various events of default under the MetaBank Loan, primarily related to certain non-monetary covenants. SM-17 disputes that such events of default have occurred. We have engaged legal counsel and have entered into discussions with Bayside to address the matter. 
 
 F-30 

million loan with a fixed rate of and a maturity of February 1, 2023. This loan is secured by of the Hyatt Place hotels we acquired in October 2012. These hotels are located in Chicago (Lombard), IL; Denver (Lone Tree), CO; and Denver (Englewood), CO. This loan is subject to defeasance costs if prepaid. On March 19, 2019, we defeased million of the principal balance to have the encumbrance released on one property, the Hyatt Place in Arlington, TX, to facilitate the sale of the property. As a result of this transaction, we recorded debt transaction costs of million in 2019 primarily related to the debt defeasance premium. On August 30, 2022, we defeased the remaining million principal balance to have the remaining encumbrances released. As a result of this transaction, we recorded debt transaction costs of million related to the debt defeasance premium. 
 
 (4) On March 7, 2013, we closed on a million loan with a fixed rate of and a maturity of April 1, 2023. This loan is secured by of the Hyatt hotels we acquired in October 2012. These hotels include a Hyatt House in Denver (Englewood), CO and Hyatt Place hotels in Baltimore (Owings Mills), MD and Scottsdale, AZ. This loan is subject to defeasance if prepaid. On August 30, 2022, we defeased the outstanding million principal balance to have the hotel properties held as encumbrances released. As a result of this transaction, we recorded debt transaction costs of million related to the debt defeasance premium. 
 
 (5) On March 8, 2013, we closed on a million loan with a fixed rate of and a maturity of April 1, 2023. This loan is secured by the Hyatt Place hotels we acquired in January 2013. These hotels are located in Chicago (Hoffman Estates), IL; Orlando (Convention), FL; and Orlando (Universal), FL. This loan is subject to defeasance if prepaid. On August 30, 2022, we defeased the outstanding million principal balance to have the hotel properties held as encumbrances released. As a result of this transaction, we recorded debt transaction costs of million related to the debt defeasance premium. 
 
 (6) On July 22, 2013, we closed on a million loan with a fixed rate of and a maturity of August 1, 2023. This loan is secured by Marriott hotels we acquired in May 2013. These hotels include a Fairfield Inn Suites and SpringHill Suites in Louisville, KY. This loan is subject to defeasance if prepaid. On December 1, 2022, we defeased the outstanding million principal balance to have the hotel properties held as encumbrances released. As a result of this transaction, we recorded debt transaction costs of million related to the debt defeasance premium. 
 
 (7) On December 19, 2014, we refinanced our loan with Bank of the Cascades and increased the amount financed by million. As part of the refinance the loan was split into notes. Note A carries a variable interest rate of 30-day LIBOR plus basis points and Note B carries a fixed interest rate of . Both notes have amortization periods of years and maturity dates of December 19, 2024. The Bank of Cascades mortgage loan is comprised of promissory notes that are secured by the same collateral and cross-defaulted. 
 
 (8) The GIC Joint Venture Credit Facilities and Term Loans are secured by a pledge of the equity interests in the subsidiaries that own and operate the borrowing base assets financed by the facility. 
 
 (9) On December 21, 2021, we assumed a million loan with a fixed rate of and a maturity of June 6, 2028. This loan is secured by the Embassy Suites by Hilton in Tucson, AZ. This loan is subject to defeasance if prepaid. 
 
 (10) As part of the NCI Transaction, a subsidiary of the GIC Joint Venture assumed a PACE loan of approximately million. The loan bears fixed interest at , has an amortization period of years, and matures on July 31, 2040. The PACE loan is secured by an assessment lien imposed by the County of Tarrant, Texas for the benefit of the lender. 
 
 (11) We have exercised our option to extend the maturity date for the million Revolver to September 30, 2023 and we have an additional option to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2025, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 (12) The maturity date for the million Term Loan can be extended to April 1, 2025 at the Company's option, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 There are currently no defaults under any of the Company's mortgage loan agreements. 
 
 Variable-rate debt 
 
 (1) At December 31, 2022, debt related to our wholly-owned properties coupled with our pro rata share of joint venture debt results in a fixed-rate debt ratio of approximately of our total pro rata indebtedness when including the effect of interest rate swaps. We have interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million expiring on January 31, 2023 and new interest rate swaps with the same notional amount commencing on January 31, 2023 (see "Note 8 - Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging.") 

(1) 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 (1) Includes million of scheduled maturities in October of 2023 related to the GIC Joint Venture Credit Facility for which we expect to exercise our extension options to extend the maturity date to the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 F-31 

Level 1 - Market approach Mortgage loans Level 2 - Market approach 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million of debt with variable interest rates that had been converted to fixed interest rates through derivative financial instruments which are carried at fair value. Differences between carrying value and fair value of our fixed-rate debt are primarily due to changes in interest rates. Inherently, fixed-rate debt is subject to fluctuations in fair value as a result of changes in the current market rate of interest on the valuation date. For additional information on our use of derivatives as interest rate hedges, refer to Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 8 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging . 

NOTE 7 
 
 year to years, some of which include options to extend the leases for additional years. The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion. Certain leases also include options to purchase the leased property. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet; we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 Certain of our lease agreements include rental payments based on a percentage of revenue over contractual levels and others include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants that materially affect our business. In addition, we rent or sublease certain owned real estate to third parties. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recorded gross third-party tenant income of million, million, and million, respectively, which were recorded in Other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Our right-of-use assets and related liabilities include renewal options reasonably certain to be exercised. We base our lease calculations on our estimated incremental borrowing rate. As of December 31, 2022, our weighted average incremental borrowing rate was . 
 
 In 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company's total operating lease cost was million, million, and million, respectively, and the operating cash outflows from operating leases was million, million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average operating lease term was years. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments (1) 
 Less imputed interest ) Total 
 
 (1) Certain payments above include future increases to the minimum fixed rent based on the Consumer Price Index in effect at the initial measurement of the lease balances. 
 
 F-32 

NOTE 8 
 . 
 
 Our objectives in using derivative financial instruments are to add stability to interest expense and to manage our exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish these objectives, we primarily use interest rate swaps as part of our interest rate risk management strategy. Our interest rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges and involve the receipt of variable-rate payments from a counterparty in exchange for making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. 
 
 Our agreements with our derivative counterparties contain provisions such that if we default, or can be declared in default, on any of our indebtedness, then we could also be declared in default on our derivative financial instruments. 
 
 ) October 2, 2017 January 29, 2018 January 31, 2023 ) June 11, 2018 September 28, 2018 September 30, 2024 ) June 11, 2018 December 31, 2018 December 31, 2025 ) July 26, 2022 January 31, 2023 January 31, 2027 July 26, 2022 January 31, 2023 January 31, 2029 ) 
 
 Our interest rate swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges and are valued using a market approach, which is a Level 2 valuation technique. At December 31, 2022, all our interest rate swaps were in an asset position. At December 31, 2021, all of our interest rate swaps were in a liability position. The substantial change in value related to our interest rate swaps during 2021 and 2022 was due to increases in interest rates. Derivative assets related to our interest rate swaps are recorded in Other assets, and other and derivative liabilities are included in Accrued expenses and other in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We are not required to post any collateral related to these agreements and are not in breach of any financial provisions of the agreements. 

Changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments are deferred in Other comprehensive income (loss) and are reclassified to Interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period in which the hedged item affects earnings. In 2023, we estimate that an additional million will be reclassified from Other comprehensive income and recorded as an increase to Interest expense. 
 
 ) Loss reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to Interest expense ) ) ) Total interest expense and other finance expense presented in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded ) ) ) 
 
 F-33 

NOTE 9 
 shares of common stock, par value per share (the "Common Stock"). Each outstanding share of our Common Stock entitles the holder to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors and, except as may be provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of such shares possess the exclusive voting power. 
 
 On May 9, 2022, the Company and the Operating Partnership entered into an equity distribution agreement (the Equity Distribution Agreement with a group of underwriters as sales agents for the Company, principals and/or, with certain exceptions, forward sellers (collectively the Managers and certain banks as forward purchasers, providing for the offer and sale of shares of the Company s Common Stock, having a maximum aggregate offering price of up to million through or to the Managers, as the Company s sales agents or, if applicable, as forward sellers, or directly to the Managers, as principals (the 2022 ATM Program ). To date, we have not sold any shares of our Common Stock under the 2022 ATM Program. 
 
 Grants under the Equity Plan Common Unit redemptions Annual grants to independent directors Performance share and other forfeitures ) ) Shares retained for employee tax withholding requirements ) ) Ending common shares outstanding 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had reserved and shares of Common Stock, respectively, for the issuance of Common Stock (i) upon the exercise of stock options, issuance of time-based restricted stock awards, issuance of performance-based restricted stock awards, grants of director stock awards, or other awards issued pursuant to our Equity Plan, (ii) upon redemption of Common Units, or (iii) under the 2017 ATM Program. 

F-34 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of which is currently undesignated, shares have been designated as Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the "Series E preferred shares") and shares have been designated as Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the "Series F preferred shares"). 
 
 The Company completed the offering of Series F preferred shares on August 12, 2021 for net proceeds of million, after the underwriting discount and offering-related expenses of million. 
 
 On September 4, 2021, the Company paid million to redeem all of its outstanding Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at a redemption price of per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends. The premium on redemption of million was recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. 
 
 The Company's preferred shares (collectively, Preferred Shares rank senior to our Common Stock and on parity with each other with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets in the event of a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up. The Preferred Shares do not have any maturity date and are not subject to mandatory redemption or sinking fund requirements. The Company may not redeem the Series E preferred shares or Series F preferred shares prior to November 13, 2022 and August 12, 2026, respectively, except in limited circumstances relating to the Company s continuing qualification as a REIT or in connection with certain changes in control. After those dates, the Company may, at its option, redeem the applicable Preferred Shares, in whole or from time to time in part, by payment of per share, plus any accumulated, accrued and unpaid distributions up to, but not including, the date of redemption. If the Company does not exercise its rights to redeem the Preferred Shares upon certain changes in control, the holders of the Preferred Shares have the right to convert some or all of their shares into a number of the Company s common shares based on a defined formula, subject to a share cap, or alternative consideration. The share cap on each Series E preferred share is shares of Common Stock and each Series F preferred share is shares of common stock, all subject to certain adjustments. 
 
 The Company pays dividends at an annual rate of for each Series E preferred share and for each Series F preferred share. Dividend payments are made quarterly in arrears on or about the last day of February, May, August and November of each year. 
 
 Non-controlling Interests in Operating Partnership 
 
 Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership, the unaffiliated third parties who hold Common Units in our Operating Partnership have the right to cause us to redeem their Common Units in exchange for cash based upon the fair value of an equivalent number of our shares of Common Stock at the time of redemption; however, the Company has the option to redeem with shares of our Common Stock on a -for-one basis. The number of shares of our Common Stock issuable upon redemption of Common Units may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events such as share dividend payments, share subdivisions or combinations. On January 13, 2022, and March 23, 2022, in connection with the NCI Transaction, the Company issued an aggregate of Common Units as partial consideration for the purchase. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, unaffiliated third parties owned and , respectively, of Common Units of the Operating Partnership, representing approximately and less than of the Common Units of the Operating Partnership for each period. 
 
 We classify outstanding Common Units held by unaffiliated third parties as non-controlling interests in the Operating Partnership, a component of equity in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The portion of net income allocated to these Common Units is reported on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations as net income attributable to non-controlling interests of the Operating Partnership. 

F-35 

consolidated joint ventures as described below. 
 
 GIC Joint Venture 
 
 In July 2019, the Company entered into the GIC Joint Venture to acquire assets that align with the Company s current investment strategy and criteria. The Company serves as general partner and asset manager of the GIC Joint Venture and invests of the equity capitalization of the limited partnership, with GIC investing the remaining . The Company earns fees for providing services to the GIC Joint Venture and has the potential to earn incentive fees based on the GIC Joint Venture achieving certain return thresholds. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Summit earned million under incentive fee agreements. There were no such incentive fees earned during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the GIC Joint Venture owns hotel properties containing guestrooms in states. The GIC Joint Venture owns the properties through master real estate investment trusts Master REIT and subsidiary REITs Subsidiary REIT ). All of the hotel properties owned by the GIC Joint Venture are leased to taxable REIT subsidiaries of the Subsidiary REITs Subsidiary REIT TRSs ). To qualify as a REIT, the Master REIT and each Subsidiary REIT must meet all REIT requirements provided in the IRC. Taxable income related to the Subsidiary REIT TRSs is subject to federal, state and local income taxes at applicable corporate tax rates. 
 
 Brickell Joint Venture 
 
 In June 2022, the Company entered into the Brickell Joint Venture to facilitate the exercise of the Initial Purchase Option to acquire a equity interest in the AC/Element Hotel. Our joint venture partner, C-F Brickell, owns the remaining equity interest in the Brickell Joint Venture. The Company has an option to purchase the remaining equity interest in the Brickell Joint Venture from C-F Brickell in December 2026 pursuant to the exercise of a second purchase option at its market value on the exercise date. The Company serves as the managing member of the Brickell Joint Venture. 
 
 Onera Joint Venture 
 
 In October 2022, the Company entered into a joint venture with Onera (the "Onera Joint Venture"), developers of alternative accommodation properties, with the acquisition of a equity interest in the Onera Joint Venture for million in cash, plus additional contingent consideration limited to a maximum of million, payable to the seller based on performance of the property for the 12-month period ending July 31, 2023. The Onera Joint Venture owns a fee simple interest in real property and improvements located in Fredericksburg, Texas consisting of glamping lodging units and a -acre parcel of undeveloped land that will be developed as phase two of the lodging site in the future. The Company serves as the managing member of the Onera Joint Venture. 
 
 Redeemable Non-controlling Interests 
 
 On January 13, 2022, in connection with the NCI Transaction, Summit Hotel GP, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, on its own behalf as general partner of the Operating Partnership and on behalf of the limited partners of the Operating Partnership, entered into the Tenth Amendment (the Tenth Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, to provide for the issuance of up to Series Z Preferred Units. The Series Z Preferred Units rank on a parity with the Operating Partnership s Series E and Series F Preferred Units and holders will receive quarterly distributions at a rate of per year. From issuance until the tenth anniversary of their issuance, the Series Z Preferred Units will be redeemable at the holder s request at any time, or in connection with a change of control of the Company, for, at the Company s election, cash or shares of the Company s Series Z Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (which will be designated and authorized following notice of redemption by holder of the Series Z Preferred Units) on a -for-one basis. After the fifth anniversary of their issuance, the Company may redeem the Series Z Preferred Units for cash at a redemption amount of per unit. For a period immediately following both the tenth and the eleventh anniversaries of their issuance or in connection with a change of control of the Company, the Series Z Preferred Units will be redeemable at the holder s request for cash at a redemption amount of per unit. On January 13, 2022 and March 23, 2022, in connection with the NCI Transaction, the Operating Partnership issued an aggregate of Series Z Preferred Units as partial consideration for the purchase. At December 31, 2022, the redeemable Series Z Preferred Units issued in connection with the NCI Transaction are recorded as temporary equity and reflected as Redeemable non-controlling interests on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 F-36 

NOTE 10 
 Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2021 using Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Purchase options related to real estate loans (1) 
 Liabilities: Interest rate swaps 
 
 (1) The original fair value of the Initial Purchase Option was estimated using the Black-Scholes model. The Initial Purchase Option related to the acquisition of the AC/Element Hotel and did not have a readily determinable fair value at December 31, 2021. As such, the Initial Purchase Option was recorded at an amount at inception that was estimated using the Black-Scholes model. 
 
 There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 million as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 Real Estate Loan 1 Real Estate Loan 2 Real Estate Loan 3 Purchase option carrying amount at December 31, 2020 Loss on impairment and write-off of assets ) (1) 
 ) (1) 
 Purchase option carrying amount at December 31, 2021 

(1) Real Estate Loan 1 and 2 were repaid in full during the year ended December 31, 2021 and the Company elected not to exercise its purchase options related to these loans. As such, we recorded a Loss on impairment and write-off of assets of million related to the forfeited purchase options during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F-37 

Term (1) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 Expected volatility Risk-free rate Expected annualized equity dividend yield 
 
 (1) The option term is the period from April 1, 2020 through the fully extended maturity dates of the respective mezzanine loans. 
 (2) The option term is the period from April 1, 2020 through the date in which the development project is completed and the option becomes exercisable. 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded an impairment of million related to Real Estate Loan 3 to reduce its carrying amount to its estimated fair value as of December 31, 2020. 

NOTE 11 
 to years with various extension provisions. Each franchisor receives franchise fees ranging from to of each hotel property s gross revenue, and some agreements require that we pay marketing fees of up to of gross revenue. In addition, some of these franchise agreements require that we deposit a percentage of the hotel property s gross revenue, generally not more than , into a reserve fund for capital expenditures. We also pay fees to our franchisors for services related to reservation and information systems. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, we expensed fees related to our franchise agreements of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Management Agreements 
 
 Our lodging properties operate pursuant to management agreements with various professional third-party management companies. The terms of our management agreements range from month-to-month to with various extension provisions. Each management company receives a base management fee, generally a percentage of total lodging property revenues. In some cases, there are also monthly fees for certain services, such as accounting, based on the number of guestrooms. Generally, there are also incentive fees based on attaining certain financial thresholds. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, we expensed fees related to our lodging property management agreements of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 We are involved from time to time in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently aware of any actions against us that would have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

NOTE 12 
 . We have outstanding equity-based awards in the form of restricted stock awards. All of our outstanding equity-based awards are classified as equity. 
 
 F-38 

stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2020 expired unexercised on February 13, 2021 and were forfeited. 
 
 Time-Based Restricted Stock Awards Made Pursuant to Our Equity Plan 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested December 31, 2022 
 
 The awards granted to our non-executive employees prior to 2022 vest over a period based on continuous service on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant date and on the fourth anniversary of the grant date). The awards granted to our non-executive employees in 2022 vest over a period based on continuous service on the first and second anniversary of the grant date and on the third anniversary of the grant date). 
 
 The awards granted to our executive officers vest over a period based on continuous service on the first and second anniversary of the grant date and on the third anniversary of the grant date) or in certain circumstances upon a change in control. 
 
 The holders of these awards have the right to vote the related shares of Common Stock and receive all dividends declared and paid whether or not vested. The fair value of time-based restricted stock awards granted is calculated based on the market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the total fair value of time-based restricted stock awards that vested was million, million and million, respectively. The total fair value of time-based restricted stock awards that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 includes million of time-based restricted stock for which the vesting was accelerated related to the retirement of our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. The total fair value of time-based restricted stock awards that vested during the year ended December 31, 2021 includes million of time-based restricted stock for which the vesting was accelerated related to the non-renewal of the employment contract of our Executive Chairman. 
 
 F-39 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Non-vested December 31, 2022 
 
 Our performance-based restricted stock awards are market-based awards and are accounted for based on the fair value of our Common Stock on the grant date. The fair value of the performance-based restricted stock awards granted was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. These awards generally vest over a period based on our total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder return of companies within the SNL U.S. REIT Hotel Index at the end of the period or upon a change in control. The awards require continued service during the measurement period and are subject to the other conditions described in the Equity Plan or award document. 
 
 The number of shares the executive officers may earn under these awards range from shares to twice the number of shares granted based on our percentile ranking within the index at the end of the measurement period. In addition, a portion of the performance-based shares may be earned based on the Company's absolute total shareholder return calculated during the performance period. 
 
 The holders of these grants have the right to vote the granted shares of Common Stock and any dividends declared will be accumulated and will be subject to the same vesting conditions as the awards. Further, if additional shares are earned based on our percentile ranking within the index, dividend payments will be issued as if the additional shares had been held throughout the measurement period. 
 
 Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Monte Carlo iterations Weighted average estimated fair value of performance-based restricted stock awards 
 
 The expected dividend yield was calculated based on our annual expected dividend payments at the time of grant. The expected volatility was based on historical price changes of our Common Stock for a period comparable to the performance period. The risk-free interest rates were interpolated from the Federal Reserve Bond Equivalent Yield rates for on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities. 
 
 Director Stock Awards Made Pursuant to Our Equity Plan 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we granted and shares of Common Stock, respectively, to our non-employee directors as a part of our director compensation program. These grants were made pursuant to our Equity Plan and were vested upon grant. 
 F-40 

Performance-based restricted stock Director stock 
 
 We recognize equity-based compensation expense ratably over the vesting terms. The amount of expense may be subject to adjustment in future periods due to a change in the forfeiture assumptions. 
 
 million at December 31, 2022 as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Total 2023 2024 2025 Time-based restricted stock Performance-based restricted stock 
 
 The Company's former Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer retired in March 2022. The Company recorded million of additional stock-based compensation expense during the period related to the modification of certain stock award agreements. This amount was comprised of million related to time-based restricted stock awards and million related to performance-based restricted stock awards. 
 In connection with the non-renewal of the employment contract of the former Executive Chairman in December 2021, the Company recorded million of additional stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the modification of certain stock award agreements. This amount was comprised of million related to time-based restricted stock awards and million related to performance-based restricted stock awards. 

NOTE 13 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and million for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

NOTE 14 
 cumulative loss. As such, the realizability of our deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 is not reasonably assured. Therefore, we have recorded a valuation allowance against substantially all of our deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-41 

) State and local Deferred: Federal ) ) State and local Income tax expense 
 
 ) ) Nontaxable income of the REITs State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) Provision to return and deferred adjustment ) Effect of permanent differences and other Deferred assets transferred with REIT stock sale Change in valuation allowance ) ) Income tax provision 
 
 The Company evaluates its deferred tax assets each reporting period to determine if it is more-likely-than-not that those assets will be realized. In its evaluation, the Company assesses available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of the Company s existing deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2022, certain TRSs had a cumulative loss. As such, realizability of the Company's deferred tax assets is not reasonably assured. Therefore, a valuation allowance was recorded against substantially all of our deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had valuation allowances of million and million, respectively. The million decrease in valuation allowance relates to decreases in deferred tax assets related to million in deferred assets transferred with the sale of subsidiary REIT stock, million related to utilization of net operating losses , and million decrease related to accrued expenses. 
 
 Deferred tax assets are included within Other assets and deferred tax liabilities are included within Accrued expenses and other in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Accrued expenses Other Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Gross deferred tax assets Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 F-42 

million which are not subject to expiration and state net operating losses of million, which expire beginning in 2025. At December 31, 2022, Summit Hotel Properties Inc. and our Subsidiary REITs had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which are not subject to expiration. 
 
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by federal, state, and local jurisdictions where applicable. We had unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 or in the three-year period then ended. We expect no significant increase or decrease in unrecognized tax benefits due to changes in tax positions within one year of December 31, 2022. We have no material interest or penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 or in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 We file U.S. and state income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. In general, we are not subject to tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2018. 
 
 Characterization of Distributions (Unaudited) 
 
 Ordinary qualified dividend income Capital gain distributions Return of capital Total Preferred Stock - Series D Ordinary non-qualified dividend income Capital gain distributions Return of capital Total Preferred Stock - Series E Ordinary non-qualified dividend income Ordinary qualified dividend income Capital gain distributions Return of capital Total Preferred Stock - Series F Ordinary non-qualified dividend income Ordinary qualified dividend income Capital gain distributions Return of capital Total 
 
 F-43 

ordinary non-qualified dividend income, ordinary qualified dividend income, and capital gain distributions. The 2022 ordinary non-qualified dividends are eligible for the 20 deduction provided by Section 199A for qualified REIT dividends. 
 
 The Preferred D, Preferred E and Preferred F dividends paid during the year ended December 31, 2021 were return of capital. 
 
 The common dividends that were taxable to our stockholders in 2020 were ordinary income and return of capital. The 2020 Preferred D and Preferred E dividends were ordinary income and return of capital. The 2020 ordinary income dividends are eligible for the 20 deduction provided by Section 199A for qualified REIT dividends. 

NOTE 15 
 shares, shares and shares, respectively, which were excluded from the denominator of the diluted earnings per share as the awards were antidilutive. Our outstanding convertible notes have been excluded from the denominator of the diluted earnings per share calculation as their inclusion would be antidilutive. 
 
 ) ) Adjusted for: Preferred dividends ) ) ) Premium on redemption of preferred stock ) Allocation to participating securities ) Distributions and accretion of redeemable non-controlling interests ) Attributable to non-controlling interest in Operating Partnership Attributable to non-controlling interests in joint ventures ) Income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Loss per share: Basic and diluted 
 
 F-44 

NOTE 16 
 Accrued acquisition costs and improvements to lodging properties Cash payments for income taxes, net of refunds ) Mortgage debt assumed for acquisitions of lodging properties Assumption of leases and other assets and liabilities in connection with the acquisition of a portfolio of properties Conversion of a mezzanine loan to complete acquisition of lodging properties Conversion of purchase option to complete acquisition of lodging properties Non-cash contributions of assets by non-controlling interests related to acquisition of lodging properties Issuance of non-controlling interests in Operating Partnership to complete acquisition of a portfolio of properties Redeemable non-controlling interests in operating partnership issued to complete acquisition of a portfolio of properties 

NOTE 17 
 per share of Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock and per share of Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors also declared on behalf of the Operating Partnership, a cash dividend of per share of the Operating Partnership's unregistered Series Z Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Units. Our Board of Directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share on our Common Stock and per Common Unit of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 These dividends are payable February 28, 2023 to stockholders of record on February 14, 2023. 
 
 Disposition of Lodging Properties and Undeveloped Land 
 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party to sell a portfolio of lodging properties for million. We recorded a write-down of million at December 31, 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the portfolio of properties over the expected net selling price less costs to sell. Additionally, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third-party to sell a -acre parcel of undeveloped for million. We recorded a write-down of million at December 31, 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the undeveloped land over the expected net selling price less costs to sell. We also entered into an agreement for the sale of lodging properties for million. We recorded a write-down of million at December 31, 2022 for the excess of the net carrying amount of the properties over the expected net selling price less costs to sell. 

F-45 

million for the development of a glamping property. Additionally, we issued a million letter of credit to the senior lender of the project as additional support for the borrower's construction loan. The development is expected to be completed in 2024. In addition, we have an option to purchase of the equity of the entity that owns the development property upon completion of construction at a pre-determined price. 
 F-46 

SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES, INC 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

) 2017 Courtyard, Arlington, TX ) ) 2012 Residence Inn, Arlington, TX ) 2012 Hotel Indigo, Asheville, NC ) 2015 Courtyard, Atlanta, GA ) 2012 Residence Inn, Atlanta, GA (3) ) ) 2016 AC Hotel, Atlanta, GA ) 2017 Hampton Inn Suites, Austin, TX (2) ) 2014 Hampton Inn Suites, Baltimore, MD ) 2017 Residence Inn, Baltimore, MD ) 2017 Marriott, Boulder, CO ) 2016 Residence Inn, Branchburg, NJ ) 2015 DoubleTree, Brisbane, CA ) 2014 Hampton Inn Suites, Camarillo, CA ) 2013 Courtyard, Charlotte, NC ) 2017 Hyatt Place, Chicago, IL ) 2016 Residence Inn, Cleveland, OH ) 2017 Courtyard, Decatur, GA ) 2015 Hilton Garden Inn, Eden Prairie, MN (3) ) ) 2013 Hyatt Place, Englewood, CO ) 2012 Hyatt House, Englewood, CO ) 2012 Courtyard, Fort Lauderdale, FL ) 2017 Courtyard, Fort Worth, TX ) 2017 Hyatt Place, Garden City, NY ) 2012 Staybridge Suites, Glendale, CO ) 2011 Hilton Garden Inn, Greenville, SC ) 2013 Residence Inn, Hillsboro, OR ) 2019 Hyatt Place, Hoffman Estates, IL (3) ) ) 2013 Hilton Garden Inn, Houston, TX (2) ) 2014 Hilton Garden Inn, Houston, TX ) 2014 Residence Inn, Hunt Valley, MD ) 2015 SpringHill Suites, Indianapolis, IN ) ) 2013 Courtyard, Indianapolis, IN ) ) 2013 Courtyard, Kansas City, MO (3) ) 2017 Hyatt Place, Lombard, IL (3) ) ) 2012 Hyatt Place, Lone Tree, CO ) 2012 Fairfield Inn Suites, Louisville, KY ) ) 2013 
 F-47 

SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES, INC 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

) 2013 Hyatt Place, Mesa, AZ (1) ) 2017 Courtyard, Metairie, LA ) 2013 Residence Inn, Metairie, LA ) 2013 Hyatt House, Miami, FL ) 2015 Hilton Garden Inn, Milpitas, CA ) 2019 Hyatt Place, Minneapolis, MN ) 2013 Hampton Inn Suites, Minneapolis, MN (1) ) 2015 Holiday Inn Express Suites, Minnetonka, MN (3) ) 2013 SpringHill Suites, Nashville, TN ) 2004 Courtyard, Nashville, TN ) 2016 Courtyard, New Haven, CT ) 2017 Courtyard, New Orleans, LA ) 2013 Courtyard, New Orleans, LA ) 2013 SpringHill Suites, New Orleans, LA ) 2013 Hyatt Place, Orlando, FL ) 2013 Hyatt Place, Orlando, FL ) 2013 Hyatt House, Orlando, FL ) 2018 Hyatt Place, Owings Mills, MD ) 2012 Courtyard, Pittsburgh, PA ) 2017 Hyatt Place, Portland, OR (2) ) 2009 Residence Inn, Portland, OR (2) ) 2009 Residence Inn, Portland, OR ) 2019 Hampton Inn Suites, Poway, CA ) 2013 Hilton Garden Inn, San Francisco, CA ) 2019 Holiday Inn Express Suites, San Francisco, CA ) 2013 Four Points, San Francisco, CA (1) ) 2014 Hyatt Place, Scottsdale, AZ ) ) 2012 Courtyard, Scottsdale, AZ ) 2003 SpringHill Suites, Scottsdale, AZ ) 2003 Hampton Inn Suites, Silverthorne, CO ) 2019 Residence Inn, Steamboat Springs, CO ) 2021 Hampton Inn Suites, Tampa, FL ) 2012 Embassy Suites, Tucson, AZ ) 2021 Homewood Suites, Tucson, AZ ) 2017 Hilton Garden Inn, Waltham, MA ) 2017 Residence Inn, Watertown, MA ) 2018 
 F-48 

SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES, INC 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

2019 Parking Garage, Fort Lauderdale, FL 2017 AC Hotel, Dallas, TX ) 2022 Residence Inn, Dallas, TX ) 2022 Hampton Inn Suites, Dallas, TX ) 2022 Parking Garage, Dallas, TX ) 2022 SpringHill Suites, Dallas, TX ) 2022 Hilton Garden Inn, Grapevine, TX (2) ) 2022 Holiday Inn Express Suites, Grapevine, TX ) 2022 Courtyard, Grapevine, TX ) 2022 TownePlace Suites, Grapevine, TX ) 2022 Hyatt Place, Grapevine, TX ) 2022 Hyatt Place, Plano, TX ) 2022 AC Hotel, Frisco, TX ) 2022 Residence Inn, Frisco, TX ) 2022 Canopy Hotel, Frisco, TX ) 2022 Residence Inn, Tyler, TX ) 2022 Hilton Garden Inn, Longview, TX ) 2022 AC Hotel, Houston, TX ) 2022 Hilton Garden Inn, Bryan, TX ) 2022 Homewood Suites, Midland, TX ) 2022 Hyatt Place, Lubbock, TX ) 2022 Courtyard, Amarillo, TX ) 2022 Embassy Suites, Amarillo, TX (2) ) 2022 AC Hotel, Oklahoma City, OK ) 2022 Hyatt Place, Oklahoma City, OK ) 2022 Holiday Inn Express Suites, Oklahoma City, OK ) 2022 SpringHill Suites, New Orleans, LA ) 2022 TownePlace Suites, New Orleans, LA ) 2022 Canopy Hotel, New Orleans, LA (2) ) 2022 AC Hotel, Miami, FL (1) ) 2022 Element, Miami, FL (1) ) 2022 Parking Garage, Miami, FL (1) ) 2022 Onera Escapes, Fredericksburg, TX ) 2022 Parking Garage, Frisco, TX ) 2022 Land Parcels ) ) 
 F-49 

SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES, INC 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

F-50 

SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES, INC 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Additions to land, buildings and improvements Disposition of land, buildings and improvements ) ) ) Impairment loss ) Balance at end of period 
 
 (b) ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of accumulated depreciation: Balance at beginning of period Depreciation Depreciation on assets sold or disposed ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 (c) The aggregate cost of real estate for Federal income tax purposes was approximately million (unaudited). 
 
 (d) Depreciation for buildings, improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment is based on useful lives ranging from to years. 
 
 (e) We have mortgages payable on the properties as noted. Additional mortgage information can be found in "Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 6 Debt " to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 (f) Amounts under the column heading "Costs Subsequent" include (when applicable) parcels of undeveloped land that were sold, and impairment losses related to certain properties. 

F-51 

<EX-3.11>
 2
 a12312022ex311articlessupp.htm
 EX-3.11

Document 

Exhibit 3.11 

SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES, INC. 
 
 ARTICLES SUPPLEMENTARY 
 
 Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Corporation ), hereby certifies to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland that 
 
 FIRST Under a power contained in Article VI of the charter of the Corporation (the Charter ), the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors ), by duly adopted resolutions, reclassified and designated all 5,000,000 authorized but unissued shares of the Corporation s 6.45 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share Series D Preferred Stock ), as shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Preferred Stock ), of the Corporation, with the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption as set forth in the Charter. After giving effect to the foregoing reclassification, no shares of Series D Preferred Stock will be authorized, issued or outstanding. 
 
 SECOND The shares of Series D Preferred Stock have been reclassified by the Board of Directors under the authority contained in the Charter. 
 
 THIRD These Articles Supplementary have been approved by the Board of Directors in the manner and by the vote required by law. The total number of authorized shares of stock of the Corporation will not change as a result of these Articles Supplementary. 
 
 FOURTH The undersigned officer of the Corporation acknowledges these Articles Supplementary to be the corporate act of the Corporation and, as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned officer acknowledges that, to the best of such officer s knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury. 
 
 -Signature Page Follows- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles Supplementary to be executed in its name and on its behalf by the undersigned officer and attested to by its Secretary on this 27th day of February, 2023. 
 
 ATTEST SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES, INC. 

By s Christopher R. Eng By s William H. Conkling Name Christopher R. Eng Name William H. Conkling Title Secretary Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-3.11>

<EX-4.2>
 3
 a12312022exhibit42.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., which is referred to herein as the Company, we, our or us, had three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as follows 
 
 (i) common stock , 0.01 par value per share, or common stock, of which there were 106,901,576 outstanding, listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, under the trading symbol INN 
 (ii) 6.25 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share, or the Series E Preferred Stock, of which there were 6,400,000 outstanding, having an aggregate liquidation preference of 160,000,000, listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol INN-PE 
 (iii) 5.875 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value per share, or the Series F Preferred Stock, of which there were 4,000,000 outstanding, having an aggregate liquidation preference of 100,000,000, listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol INN-PF 
 
 Although the following summary describes the material terms of our authorized shares of common stock and preferred stock, and each class or series thereof, it is not a complete description of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or the MGCL, provisions applicable to a Maryland corporation or our charter and bylaws. This summary is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, our charter, our bylaws and the MGCL. We have incorporated by reference our charter and bylaws as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K with which this exhibit was filed. 
 
 General 
 
 Our charter provides that we may issue up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share, of which 6,400,000 shares have been classified as our Series E Preferred Stock and 4,000,000 shares have been classified as our Series F Preferred Stock. Our charter authorizes our board of directors, with the approval of a majority of the entire board of directors and without any action on the part of our stockholders, to amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of authorized shares of stock of any class or series. Under Maryland law, stockholders generally are not liable for a corporation's debts or obligations. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 All outstanding shares of our common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Subject to the preferential rights of any other class or series of our stock, including our Series E Preferred Stock and our Series F Preferred Stock, and to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends on such stock when, as and if authorized by our board of directors out of assets legally available therefor and declared by us and to share ratably in the assets of our company legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up after payment of or adequate provision for all known debts and liabilities of our company. 
 
 Holders of shares of our common stock have no redemption, sinking fund, conversion, preemptive or appraisal rights with respect to our common stock. Subject to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of stock, shares of our common stock have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. 

Subject to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock and except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of stock, each outstanding share of our common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors and, except as may be provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of such shares possess the exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of our directors, and directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast in the election of directors. Consequently, at each annual meeting of stockholders, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election, and the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any directors. 
 
 Our board of directors has adopted a policy pursuant to which at any meeting of stockholders at which members of the board of directors are to be elected by the stockholders in an uncontested election, any nominee for director who receives a greater number of votes against from his or her election than votes for his or her election must submit to our board of directors a written offer to resign from our board of directors no later than two weeks after the certification of the voting results. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our board of directors will consider any such resignation offer and, within 60 days after the certification of the voting results, recommend to our board of directors whether to accept or reject the resignation offer. Our board of directors will act on the committee's recommendation, which will not be binding, no later than 90 days after the certification of the voting results. 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol INN. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Series E Preferred Stock 
 
 General. The outstanding shares of our Series E Preferred Stock are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and are listed on the NYSE under the symbol INN-PE. Our board of directors may, without notice to or the consent of holders of Series E Preferred Stock, authorize the issuance and sale of additional Series E Preferred Stock from time to time. For purposes of this section Series E Preferred Stock (1) the term Parity Stock means the Series F Preferred Stock and any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking on a parity with the Series E Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (2) the term Junior Stock means any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking junior to the Series E Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and (3) terms that are defined in this section have such meanings in this section only. 
 
 Ranking. The Series E Preferred Stock, with respect to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, ranks 
 senior to our common stock and Junior Stock 
 on a parity with our Parity Stock and 
 junior to any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking senior to the Series E Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 
 Dividends. Holders of Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock at the rate of 6.250 per annum of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference, which is equivalent to 1.5625 per annum per share. Dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock are payable quarterly in arrears on or about the last day of February, May, August and November of each year. The first dividend on the Series E Preferred Stock was paid on November 30, 2017 in the amount of 0.06944 per share. 
 
 No maturity. The Series E Preferred Stock has no maturity date, and we are not required to redeem the Series E Preferred Stock. In addition, we are not required to set aside assets to redeem the Series E Preferred Stock. Accordingly, the shares of Series E Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem them or, under circumstances where the holders of Series E Preferred Stock have a conversion right, such holders decide to convert their shares. 

Optional redemption . We may not redeem the Series E Preferred Stock prior to November 13, 2022, except as described below under Special Optional Redemption and in limited circumstances relating to maintaining our qualification as a REIT. On and after November 13, 2022, we may, at our option, redeem the Series E Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, by paying 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the date of redemption 
 
 Special optional redemption. In the event of a Change of Control (as defined below), we may, at our option, exercise our special optional redemption right to redeem the Series E Preferred Stock, in whole or in part within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, by paying 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the date of redemption. To the extent that we exercise our redemption right relating to the Series E Preferred Stock, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock will not be permitted to exercise the conversion right described below in respect of their shares called for redemption. 
 
 A Change of Control is when, after the original issuance of the Series D Preferred Stock, the following have occurred and are continuing 
 
 the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of shares of our capital stock entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in elections of directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and 
 following the closing of any transaction referred to in the bullet point above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities (American Depository Receipts, or ADRs, representing such common securities) listed on the NYSE, the NYSE American or Nasdaq, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE American or Nasdaq. 
 
 Conversion rights. Except to the extent that we have elected to exercise our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption right by providing a notice of redemption prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series E Preferred Stock will have the right to convert some or all of the Series E Preferred Stock held by such holder on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of our common stock per share of Series E Preferred Stock to be converted equal to the lesser of 
 
 the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the 25.00 liquidation preference plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a record date for a Series E Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series E Preferred Stock dividend payment date, in which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividend will be included in this sum) by (ii) the Common Stock Price and 
 3.1686 (i.e., the Share Cap), subject to certain adjustments 
 subject, in each case, to provisions for the receipt of alternative consideration upon conversion as described more fully in our charter. 
 
 If we have provided a redemption notice with respect to some or all of the Series E Preferred Stock, holders of any Series E Preferred Stock that we have called for redemption will not be permitted to exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right in respect of any of their shares of Series E Preferred Stock that have been called for redemption, and any Series E Preferred Stock subsequently called for redemption that has been tendered for 

conversion will be redeemed on the applicable date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 
 For definitions of Change of Control Conversion Right, Change of Control Conversion Date and Common Stock Price and for a description of the adjustments and provisions for the receipt of alternative consideration that may be applicable to the Change of Control Conversion Right, refer to the articles supplementary designating the Series E Preferred Stock, which we have incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K with which this exhibit was filed. 
 
 Except as provided above in connection with a Change of Control, the Series E Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or property. 
 
 Liquidation preference. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders a liquidation preference in cash or property, at fair market value as determined by our board of directors, of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the date of the payment. Holders of Series E Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive this liquidating distribution before we distribute any assets to holders of our common stock and any other class or series of Junior Stock. 
 
 Voting rights . Holders of Series E Preferred Stock generally have no voting rights. However, if we do not pay dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock for six quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with the holders of our Parity Stock having similar voting rights, including the Series F Preferred Stock, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to serve on our Board of Directors until we pay all dividends which we owe on the Series E Preferred Stock. The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with the holders of any other class or series of our preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (currently the Series F Preferred Stock), is required for us to authorize, create or increase the number of shares of any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking senior to the Series E Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. In addition, the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock (voting as a separate class) is required to amend our charter (including the articles supplementary designating the Series E Preferred Stock) in a manner that materially and adversely affects the rights of the holders of Series E Preferred Stock. 
 
 Among other things, we may, without any vote of the holders of Series E Preferred Stock, issue additional shares of Series E Preferred Stock and we may authorize and issue additional shares of any class or series of our Junior Stock or our Parity Stock, including the Series F Preferred Stock. 
 
 Information rights. During any period in which we are not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and any Series E Preferred Stock is outstanding, we will (i) transmit by mail or other permissible means under the Exchange Act to all holders of Series E Preferred Stock as their names and addresses appear in our record books and without cost to such holders, copies of the Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that we would have been required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) and (ii) within 15 days following written request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of the Series E Preferred Stock. We will mail (or otherwise provide) the reports to the holders of Series E Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which we would have been required to file such reports with the SEC if we were subject to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Restrictions on ownership and transfer. Our charter, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits any person from directly or indirectly owning more than 9.8 by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock, including the Series E Preferred Stock. These provisions may limit the ability of the holders of Series E Preferred Stock to convert their Series E Preferred Stock into our common stock. Our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, exempt a person from the 9.8 ownership limit under certain circumstances. 
 
 Transfer agent . The transfer agent for the Series E Preferred Stock is Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Series F Preferred Stock 
 
 General. The outstanding shares of our Series F Preferred Stock are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and are listed on the NYSE under the symbol INN-PE. Our board of directors may, without notice to or the consent of holders of Series F Preferred Stock, authorize the issuance and sale of additional Series F Preferred Stock from time to time. For purposes of this section Series F Preferred Stock (1) the term Parity Stock means the Series E Preferred Stock and any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking on a parity with the Series F Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (2) the term Junior Stock means any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking junior to the Series F Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and (3) terms that are defined in this section have such meanings in this section only. 
 
 Ranking. The Series F Preferred Stock, with respect to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, ranks 
 
 senior to our common stock and Junior Stock 
 on a parity with our Parity Stock and 
 junior to any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking senior to the Series F Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 
 Dividends. Holders of Series F Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock at the rate of 5.875 per annum of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference, which is equivalent to 1.46875 per annum per share. Dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock are payable quarterly in arrears on or about the last day of February, May, August and November of each year. The first dividend on the Series F Preferred Stock was paid on November 30, 2021 in the amount of 0.440625 per share. 
 
 No maturity. The Series F Preferred Stock has no maturity date, and we are not required to redeem the Series F Preferred Stock. In addition, we are not required to set aside assets to redeem the Series F Preferred Stock. Accordingly, the shares of Series F Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem them or, under circumstances where the holders of Series E Preferred Stock have a conversion right, such holders decide to convert their shares. 
 
 Optional redemption . We may not redeem the Series F Preferred Stock prior to August 12, 2026, except as described below under Special Optional Redemption and in limited circumstances relating to maintaining our qualification as a REIT. On and after August 12, 2026, we may, at our option, redeem the Series F Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, by paying 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the date of redemption 
 
 Special optional redemption. In the event of a Change of Control (as defined below), we may, at our option, exercise our special optional redemption right to redeem the Series F Preferred Stock, in whole or in part within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, by paying 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including, the date of redemption. To the extent that we exercise our redemption right relating to the Series F Preferred Stock, the holders of Series F Preferred Stock will not be permitted to exercise the conversion right described below in respect of their shares called for redemption. 

A Change of Control is when, after the original issuance of the Series F Preferred Stock, the following have occurred and are continuing 
 
 the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of shares of our capital stock entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in elections of directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and 
 following the closing of any transaction referred to in the bullet point above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities (American Depository Receipts, or ADRs, representing such common securities) listed on the NYSE, the NYSE American or Nasdaq, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE American or Nasdaq. 
 
 Conversion rights. Except to the extent that we have elected to exercise our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption right by providing a notice of redemption prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series F Preferred Stock will have the right to convert some or all of the Series F Preferred Stock held by such holder on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of our common stock per share of Series F Preferred Stock to be converted equal to the lesser of 
 
 the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the 25.00 liquidation preference plus the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a record date for a Series F Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series F Preferred Stock dividend payment date, in which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividend will be included in this sum) by (ii) the Common Stock Price and 
 5.8275 (i.e., the Share Cap), subject to certain adjustments 
 subject, in each case, to provisions for the receipt of alternative consideration upon conversion as described more fully in our charter. 
 
 If we have provided a redemption notice with respect to some or all of the Series F Preferred Stock, holders of any Series F Preferred Stock that we have called for redemption will not be permitted to exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right in respect of any of their shares of Series F Preferred Stock that have been called for redemption, and any Series F Preferred Stock subsequently called for redemption that has been tendered for conversion will be redeemed on the applicable date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 
 For definitions of Change of Control Conversion Right, Change of Control Conversion Date and Common Stock Price and for a description of the adjustments and provisions for the receipt of alternative consideration that may be applicable to the Change of Control Conversion Right, refer to the articles supplementary designating the Series F Preferred Stock, which we have incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K with which this exhibit was filed. 
 
 Except as provided above in connection with a Change of Control, the Series F Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or property. 

Liquidation preference. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of Series F Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders a liquidation preference in cash or property, at fair market value as determined by our board of directors, of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to, but not including the date of the payment. Holders of Series F Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive this liquidating distribution before we distribute any assets to holders of our common stock and any other class or series of Junior Stock. 
 
 Voting rights . Holders of Series F Preferred Stock generally have no voting rights. However, if we do not pay dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock for six quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, the holders of Series F Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with the holders of our Parity Stock having similar voting rights, including the Series E Preferred Stock, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to serve on our Board of Directors until we pay all dividends which we owe on the Series F Preferred Stock. The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with the holders of any other class or series of our preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (currently the Series E Preferred Stock), is required for us to authorize, create or increase the number of shares of any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking senior to the Series F Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. In addition, the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock (voting as a separate class) is required to amend our charter (including the articles supplementary designating the Series F Preferred Stock) in a manner that materially and adversely affects the rights of the holders of Series F Preferred Stock. 
 
 Among other things, we may, without any vote of the holders of Series F Preferred Stock, issue additional shares of Series F Preferred Stock and we may authorize and issue additional shares of any class or series of our Junior Stock or our Parity Stock, including the Series E Preferred Stock. 
 
 Information rights. During any period in which we are not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and any Series F Preferred Stock is outstanding, we will (i) transmit by mail or other permissible means under the Exchange Act to all holders of Series F Preferred Stock as their names and addresses appear in our record books and without cost to such holders, copies of the Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that we would have been required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) and (ii) within 15 days following written request, supply copies of such reports to any prospective holder of the Series F Preferred Stock. We will mail (or otherwise provide) the reports to the holders of Series F Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which we would have been required to file such reports with the SEC if we were subject to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Restrictions on ownership and transfer. Our charter, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits any person from directly or indirectly owning more than 9.8 by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock, including the Series F Preferred Stock. These provisions may limit the ability of the holders of Series F Preferred Stock to convert their Series F Preferred Stock into our common stock. Our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, exempt a person from the 9.8 ownership limit under certain circumstances. 
 
 Transfer agent . The transfer agent for the Series F Preferred Stock is Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 a12312022exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 ENTITY STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION Summit Hotel GP, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel OP, LP Delaware Summit Hotel TRS, Inc Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 147-A, Inc. Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 148, Inc. Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 150, Inc. Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 151, Inc. Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 152, Inc. Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 154, Inc. Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 155, Inc. Delaware Summit JV TRS 52-53, Inc. Delaware Summit JV TRS 101, Inc. Delaware Summit JV TRS 129, Inc. Delaware Summit JV TRS 139, Inc. Delaware Summit PA JV 1, LLC Delaware Summit PA JV 2, LLC Delaware Summit PA JV 139 Owner, LLC Delaware Summit PA JV Holding BR 139, LLC Delaware Summit JV TRS 142, Inc. Delaware Summit NCI Master TRS, Inc. Delaware Summit Arlington CTY License, LLC Delaware Summit Licensing 121, LLC Delaware Summit Licensing 137, LLC Delaware BP Watertown Victualer, LLC Massachusetts Summit Hotel Blackstone Licensing, LLC Texas Summit Hotel Blackstone Holding, LLC Texas Summit Meta 2017, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality I, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality XIII, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality XIV, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 052-053, LLC Delaware Summit IHG JV, LLC Delaware San Fran JV, LLC Delaware Carnegie Hotels, LLC Georgia Summit Hospitality 17, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 18, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 19,LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 21, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 22, LLC Delaware 

ENTITY STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION Summit Hospitality 25, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 036, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 057, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 060, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 084, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 085, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 092, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 100, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 101, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 103, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 110, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 111, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 114, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 115, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 116, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 117, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 118, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 119, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 120, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 121, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 123, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 126, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 127, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 128, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 129, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 130, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 131, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 132, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 133, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 134, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 135, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 136, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 137, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 138, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 139, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 140, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 141, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 142, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 143, LLC Delaware 

ENTITY STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION Summit Hospitality 144, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 145, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality 153, LLC Delaware BP Watertown Hotel, LLC Massachusetts Summit Hotel GP 2, LLC Delaware Summit Hospitality JV, LP Delaware Summit Hospitality SubJV, LLC Delaware Summit JV MR 1, LLC Delaware Summit JV MR 2, LLC Delaware Summit JV MR 3, LLC Delaware Summit NCI NOLA BR 184, LLC Delaware Silverthorne JV 147, LLC Delaware Silverthorne JV BR 147, LLC Delaware Silverthorne JV 148, LLC Delaware Silverthorne JV BR 148, LLC Delaware HG San Jose JV 150, LLC Delaware HG San Jose JV BR 150, LLC Delaware RI Port River JV 151, LLC Delaware RI Port River JV BR 151, LLC Delaware RI Port Hillsboro JV 152, LLC Delaware RI Port Hillsboro JV BR 152, LLC Delaware Summit Steam JV BR 154, LLC Delaware Summit Steam JV 154, LLC Delaware Summit Tucson JV BR 155, LLC Delaware Summit Tucson JV 155, LLC Delaware Summit JV BR 52-53, LLC Delaware Summit JV BR 101, LLC Delaware Summit JV BR 129, LLC Delaware Summit JV BR 139, LLC Delaware Summit JV BR 142, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 007, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 008, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 014, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 024, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 027, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 030, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 034, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 036, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 037, LLC Delaware 

ENTITY STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION Summit Hotel TRS 048, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 051, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 052, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 053, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 057, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 060, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 062, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 065, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 066, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 084, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 085, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 092, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 094, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 098, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 099, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 100, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 101, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 102, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 103, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 104, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 105, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 106, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 107, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 108, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 109, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 110, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 111, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 113, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 114, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 115, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 116, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 117, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 118, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 119, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 120, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 121, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 123, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 126, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 127, LLC Delaware 

ENTITY STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION Summit Hotel TRS 128, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 129, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 130, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 131, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 132, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 133, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 134, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 135, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 136, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 137, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 138, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 139, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 140, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 141, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 142, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 143, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 144, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 145, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 146, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 148, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 150, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 151, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 152, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 153, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 154, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 155, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 156, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 157, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 158, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 159, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 160, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 161, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 162, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 163, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 164, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 165, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 166, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 167, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 168, LLC Delaware 

ENTITY STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION Summit Hotel TRS 169, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 170, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 171, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 172, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 173, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 174, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 175, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 176, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 177, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 178, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 179, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 180, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 181, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 182, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 183, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 184, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 156-159, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 160, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 161, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 162, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 163-164, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 165, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 166, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 167-168, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 169, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 171, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 171-A, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 172, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 173, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 174, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 175, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 176, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 177, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 178, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 179, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 180, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 181, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 182-183, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV BR 184, LLC Delaware 

ENTITY STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION Summit NCI JV 158, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 159, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 160, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 161, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 162, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 165, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 166, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 169, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV TRS 170, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 171, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 172, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 173, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 175, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 176, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 177, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 178, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 181, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 182-183, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 156-157, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 179, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 167-168, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 184, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 174, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 180, LLC Delaware Summit NCI JV 163-164, LLC Delaware Summit Fredericksburg JV, LLC Delaware 173 Basse Lane, LLC Texas Basse 2, LLC Texas SHP Onera JV TRS, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 188, LLC Delaware C-F Brickell Hotel Unit Owner, LLC Delaware SHP Brickell JV TRS, LLC Delaware Summit Brickell JV TRS, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 185, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS 186, LLC Delaware Summit Hotel TRS Rooftop, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 a12312022exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-264796) of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-206050) pertaining to the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-172145) pertaining to the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256268) pertaining to the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Austin, Texas 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 a12312022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Jonathan P. Stanner , certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statement for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by the report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Jonathan P. Stanner Jonathan P. Stanner President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 a12312022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, William H. Conkling, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statement for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by the report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 s William H. Conkling William H. Conkling Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 a12312022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan P. Stanner , President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Jonathan P. Stanner Jonathan P. Stanner President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 a12312022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William H. Conkling, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 s William H. Conkling William H. Conkling Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 inn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 inn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 inn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 inn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 inn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

