<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1697935_0001640334-23-000530.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4558364</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>120089</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>800072</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1206618</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>962225</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1352667</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-000530.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331154339
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-000530
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MAPTELLIGENT, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001697935
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		IRS NUMBER:				880203182
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55797
		FILM NUMBER:		23787194

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2831 ST. ROSE PARKWAY, SUITE # 297
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-990-8141

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2831 ST. ROSE PARKWAY, SUITE # 297
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89052

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LAS VEGAS XPRESS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	X Rail Entertainment, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170616

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	X RAIL Enterprises, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170213

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-000530.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 mapt_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

mapt_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to ______ Commission file number: (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , (Address of principal executive offices) - (Issuer s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 of 0.0014 per share. Number of outstanding shares of common stock as of March 31, 2023, was . Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. MAPTELLIGENT, INC. FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I 4 Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 9 Item 2 Properties 9 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 10 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 10 PART II 11 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 11 Item 6. [Reserved] 12 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 13 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 16 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 16 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 16 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 17 Item 9B. Other Information 17 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 17 PART III 18 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 18 Item 11. Executive Compensation 20 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 22 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 23 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 24 PART IV 25 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 25 SIGNATURES 26 2 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact could be deemed forward-looking statements. Statements that include words such as may, will, might, projects, expects, plans, believes, anticipates, targets, intends, hopes, aims, can, should, could, would, goal, potential, approximately, estimate, pro forma, continue or pursue or the negative of these words or other words or expressions of similar meaning may identify forward-looking statements. For example, forward-looking statements include any statements of the plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; statements of belief and any statement of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other documents referred to and relate to a variety of matters, including, but not limited to, other statements that are not purely statements of historical fact. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of management, are not guarantees of performance and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as predictions of future events and Maptelligent, Inc. (the Company cannot assure you that the events or circumstances discussed or reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. Furthermore, if such forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. Considering of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by the Company or any other person that the Company will achieve its objectives and plans in any specified timeframe, or at all. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company disclaims any obligation to publicly update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. The Company will continue to file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the dates specified in such filings. Except as expressly required under federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC, we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after any such date, whether as a result of new information or future events or otherwise. 3 Table of Contents PART I Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company, Maptelligent, we, us, and our refers to Maptelligent, Inc. Item 1. Business. The following description of our business contains forward-looking statements relating to future events or our future financial or operating performance that involve risks and uncertainties, as set forth above under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors described in the Annual Report, including those set forth above in the Special Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements or elsewhere in this Annual Report. History Following the World Trade Center attack in 2001, Maptelligent, Inc., used the expertise of its executive s extensive background in communication technologies and investigated additional technologies that could make the response efforts of emergency managers more streamlined. Hurricane Katrina presented many new problems for first responders and others who could benefit. Our staff participated and attended a series of Katrina Panel meetings to better understand the communication gaps that our responders identified. Following Katrina, Maptelligent, Inc. decided to take a pro-active position to these gaps and started a company focused on the research and development of new world technologies dedicated to the safety and security of people and the places they congregate. With the Sandy Hook School shooting, the Aurora Theater attack, the Boston Marathon bombing, the horrific events that have taken place in Paris and Orlando and the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, Maptelligent, Inc., continued to pursue the creation of an interoperable method of sharing critical in-building information with our first responders. When the Las Vegas attack during the Harvest Music Festival took place, everyone realized the problem of data sharing between our public servants needed to be solved. The occurrence of the COVID-19 Pandemic in 2021 further identified the need for horizontal and vertical data sharing between hospitals and first responders worldwide and many others. After careful consideration and assessment of current market conditions, we have decided to improve our product portfolio by developing new capabilities consistent with current technology innovations such as SaaS, Cloud, and e-commerce product delivery. Business Overview Maptelligent delivers easy-to-use web and mobile applications for teams to explore, enhance and collaborate on projects using data from multiple systems in a geospatial context. Maptelligent digital twin solution set provides interconnectivity, automation, and access to real-time data. We enable visibility into information and documents that your teams are managing, so that they can measure progress, understand risks and costs, and communicate seamlessly with stakeholders. Maptelligent implementing innovative technology, allowing customers to model their operations and solve today s complex business problems. Using the latest in remote capture technology (LIDAR, Photogrammetry), building information, modelling and location intelligence delivers customized digital twin and Industry 4.0 applications. Maptelligent, Inc., provides customers a secure web application with a flexible framework on Esri s ArcGIS Platform technology. This approach provides cost effective, customized solutions, which are tailored to our customers unique disparate data and operational requirements. Coupled with cloud interoperability, Maptelligent, Inc., delivers an innovative, easy-to-use web-based experience by integrating multiple operations, including asset management, building automation and control, interdisciplinary coordination, scheduling, cost estimating, and integrated construction specifications. Digital twin technology is a critical component of Industry 4.0, the ongoing automation of traditional manufacturing and industrial practices, using modern smart technology. In simple terms, digital twin is the virtual replica of real-world objects, including physical objects, processes, relationships, and behaviours. These models of real-world objects, through the use of Maptelligent capabilities, can be implemented into common operational pictures, for unique real-time integrated understanding of your environment. Maptelligent, Inc., provides web and mobile solutions that leverage the latest in no code/low code development capability. This provides cost effective, customized solutions, which are tailored to our customers unique disparate data and operational requirements. Coupled with cloud interoperability, the Maptelligent, Inc., solution delivers an innovative, easy-to-use web-based experience by integrating multiple operations, including asset management, building automation and control, interdisciplinary coordination, scheduling, cost estimating, and integrated construction specifications. 4 Table of Contents Maptelligent can provide the following capabilities: Digital Transformation Technical Services Data conversion digital transformation and information models Database design and implementation Geospatial data manipulation, conversion, and reporting Product as a service development, including mobile and field maps Template deployments and configuration ArcGIS Web Application Builder custom widget development Assessments remote sensing and data capture Floorplan, elevation, or other low fidelity property capture Prescriptive Maintenance for location assets, Property Management Assessment Campus Safety, Ground Transportation and Multi-Hazard Infrastructure Asset Value Assessment, High Rise or Multi Commercial Assessment Medical/Hospital Multi Hazard Assessments Survey Services - high accuracy engineering schematics using lidar remote sensing Floor Plan (Detailed) - Walls, fenestration, openings, stairs, plumbing, casework, soffits, HVAC registers, appliances, cabinets counters Floor Plan (Basic) - Walls, fenestration, openings, stairs, and structural elements only. No fixtures Exterior Elevations (Detailed) - Walls, roof lines, openings, fenestration and grade with illustrated decor, ornamentation detail Exterior Elevations (Basic) - Walls, roof lines, openings, fenestration and grade. No decor, ornamentation or window door detail Building Sections (Structural) - Same as above but includes rafters, floor joists, or foundation members at cut. Requires foundation plan Building Sections (Basic) - Cut through building from grade up through roof - No rafters, floor joists, or foundation members Roof Plan - Roof line, building line, ridges, parapets, water shed, valleys, hips Site Plan/Landscape Survey - Structures, hard/soft scapes, street centerline curb work (not a civil survey) Reflected Ceiling Plan - Reflected image of ceiling elements. Includes ceiling heights Electrical Lighting Plan - Receptacles, switches, control panels, lighting devices and fixtures Mechanical Plan - HVAC Equip, ducting, and observable equip Roof Framing Plan - Structural drawing of roof members such as ridge beams, rafters, purlins, hip rafters, posts, valley rafters, etc. Foundation Plan - Foundation walls, girder beams, posts, columns, piers, joists, and slabs Equipment Plan - Boilers, furnaces, pumps, control systems, compressors, elevator equip etc. Interior Elevations - Wall perimeters, openings, fenestration, trim, wall decor, wall fixtures and lighting 360 Degree Area Photography/Virtual Tour - 360-degree photos of desired architecture, areas, or spaces Revit Modeling - Level of detail to be modeled is determined case by case Point Cloud Delivery - Registered point cloud files delivered in various file formats As a result of the agreement with ESRI as a Silver Partner Value Added Reseller, we now are able to provide a multi-layer geographic information system which can serve as the common situational awareness tool for customers. We intend to license our products through ESRI partner user licenses providing a roust secure infrastructure for our clients. These solutions can support Smart City Initiatives both large and small. Smart city initiatives are programs that use advanced technology like building information models, cameras, sensors and the Internet of Things to collect data on things like water usage, volume of traffic, electricity consumption, parking availability, waste management, the presence of pedestrians and bicyclists, and interactions between citizens and their city government. Analytics help to process and transform this data into actionable information. All products are scalable by design and encourage data sharing across client stakeholders. We know our approach will provide critical information to our customers providing return on investment. 5 Table of Contents This set of comprehensive digital twin capability is designed for everyday use, scaling seamlessly to support multiple operations and capabilities. Buildings, regardless of occupancy and construction class, are looked upon as living eco-systems that need to be managed and maintain of their critical functions such as water intake, wastewater, electric power, air quality, HVAC, occupant security and safety, occupant access and egress via stairs, halls, elevators, and escalators, to identify a few. Building information management (BIM) models / systems today are transforming how we design, conduct construction scheduling, and facilitate the multitude of issues of owning buildings, regardless of occupancy and construction category. In addition to buildings, Maptelligent digital twins can include industrial systems and machinery coupled with people and process to uncover actionable insights. We are developing business partnerships that currently provide hardware and software solutions such as LIDAR (laser scanners), cameras, door access controls, metal detectors, AI, cloud services and other commonly used stand-alone technologies solutions. Each of these partnerships are designed to allow their existing customers the ability to seamlessly integrate with our market offerings. These relationships will allow their existing customers to create, maintain, and connect their systems of critical infrastructure in an intuitive Maptelligent based map display and viewed by their local, regional and state emergency response agencies and personnel. We combine multiple layers of situational awareness into an extensible framework needed to fully implement emergency planning and facility/asset management goals. REVENUE STREAM STRATEGY The previous business model was very heavy on PC based services, in which we would go in, build a floor plan, capture attribute data, digitize it, and present it on a map. The model relying on PC based methods entails a lot of work up-front even before getting paid for the service and product. To improve the method and to ensure our business model allows for more effective and balanced payment structure of our services, we are planning on partnering with strategic business partners so we can offer low-cost/low-touch solutions within our buying experience such as that associated with SaaS. This can be implemented by simply directing the customer to www.maptelligent.com as they subscribe to our map conversion and data sharing service between their infrastructure and their first responders. To create an effective buyer experience, a strategy to implement four interwoven revenue streams will provide a low cost/low touch entry point to work with us and provide customers with options as their needs grow. The four revenue streams are as follows: 1. SaaS (recurring subscription for a hosted solution) 2. Content Management Solutions 3. Products/Solutions (apps, software, and hardware per user) 4. Professional Services (ProServ) (time, material, expenses) Maptelligent SaaS The SaaS model is a multi-tenant hosted solution to be used by all customer stakeholders to view and share information. Feature/functionality is extended and complemented through selling Products and Solutions. For example: Customized ArcGIS Collector App for building engineers to maintain building attributes and setup maintenance schedules. An App for teachers to initiate an emergency alert and provide location and status of each student. SaaS is strategic to our future business because SaaS is the direction the market is moving toward in solution buying. SaaS offers customers a streamlined method to acquire new technology and shortens the sales cycle and increases profit margins through lower cost of sales. 6 Table of Contents Content Management Today s IT market is rapidly moving to the cloud. The cloud is a global network of servers, each with a unique function. The cloud is not a physical entity, but instead is a vast network of remote servers around the globe which are linked together and meant to operate as a single ecosystem. These servers are designed to either store and manage data, run applications, or deliver content or a service such as streaming videos, web mail, office productivity software, or social media. Instead of accessing files and data from a local or personal computer, you are accessing them online from any Internet-capable devices making the information available anywhere. Many companies and organizations are choosing the cloud as a cost-effective means of storing large volumes of data and information. The cloud affords organizations the ability to address and access their data storage needs rapidly and securely while only paying for what they use. This cloud utility model is a fundamental change from the legacy private data centers. We provide customers with a cloud content management solution to store and manage data associated with the security solutions we provide. Products/Solutions (Maps and Apps) As mentioned above, the product/solution revenue stream is associated with complementing and extending the SaaS product with a series of stand-alone maps and apps that will support the hosted solution with specific use cases such as building maintenance, fire department preplanning and risk analysis, and law enforcement tactical response planning and execution. The types of maps we can provide would be proprietary content and shareable with the customer for an additional subscription fee. Customers can select map layers from a catalog of map services to use within their own map. Professional Services ProServ is our core business and distinctive competence and will provide work engagements for our implementation and project team. It should complement our overall solution offering but not be the leading driver of how we first engage with a customer. With that in mind, how we get building plans into the map can be as simple as adding a PDF to get the customer started, or for an additional cost, we do a complete and thorough review and assessment of the customer facility. ProServ will be our upsell, not the initial sell. 1. We build and map high-fidelity floor plans including collecting attribute data. Our target market is school safety and physical security for critical infrastructure and large campus facilities 2. A SaaS solution for organizations interested in mapping building floor plans to facilitate a better public safety response to emergency incidents at the location 3. We plan to utilize hosted SaaS solutions (Partner Companies) as a platform to sell to our customers for low-fidelity building plan mapping 4. We propose our organization creates an organization instance on Partner Company s SaaS solutions 5. We will provide our own user provisioning to collect customer information and subscriptions 6. We will share the revenue collected with Partner Companies 7. We intend to use the Partner Company s solutions as a means to facilitate a low-touch entry into mapping for schools, hospitals, and enterprises interested in providing better security of their facilities through first responders having access to information 8. We intend to establish a proprietary content management solution for its customers to use 9. We will provide/share content (high-fidelity floor plans, etc.) we collect via the Partner Company s SaaS interface so that dispatch centers, and first responders as part of the relationship with Partner Companies. 10. Ultimately Maptelligent, Inc., and various Partner Companies would collaborate on opportunities to drive solution utilization SALES MARKETING PLAN We are on a mission to enhance physical security of structures where large gatherings of people can be found such as, schools, universities, hospitals, sports venues, shopping malls, corporate campuses, etc. Through the use of geospatial technology, we are transforming the way data and information is accessed during a time of crisis by those who need it most...first responders. Our solution integrates disparate data from sensors, cameras, alarms, access control, accountability systems and many other sources to create actionable intelligence by presenting their location within a building and by visualizing the data/information they provide on an intuitive map interface. 7 Table of Contents We provide a geographic platform for first responders to access site-specific information enhancing situational awareness while en route and upon arrival at the incident scene. This quick access to relevant information shortens the time it takes for tactical action by allowing advanced arrival planning, thereby mitigating additional life and property threat exposure. Our geocentric system serves as a common operational picture for all stakeholders involved in maintaining and protecting physical structures and venues. Through potential partnerships with industry leaders in physical security technology, Maptelligent, Inc., solutions act as the data integration platform for visualizing information produced by partners technologies. Our solution serves a large market of organizations and entities who are often at risk from threats and emergency incidents such as: schools, universities, hospitals, shopping malls, sporting events, commercial enterprises, ports (sea and air), to name a few markets. Our customers begin their solution journey by uploading a building floor plan via a PDF file to a hosted solution in the cloud. This low-touch/low-cost solution allows users to quickly share site-specific details with public safety. Our customers seeking to share additional relevant information and data are able to use Maptelligent, Inc. content management cloud services making it accessible anywhere on any device with permission. We offer a suite of maps and apps providing customers the ability to maintain and manage data in a mobile environment for public safety to create incident preplans associated with the building floor plan and for building engineers to manage maintenance schedules for critical elements of a building such as alarm panels, pull stations, extinguishers, and other assets which need regular attention. We offer customers with Professional Services (ProServ) to build high fidelity floor plans, safety assessments, and system integration services making the whole system complete and comprehensive. We have developed our sales plan to maximize our product s market penetration and revenue potential. We intend to promote sales through a combination of in-house efforts, strategic partnerships, license arrangements and reseller agreements. To date we have primarily been focused on research, development and field testing. Having an abundance of ambition, we have delivered multiple proofs of concept, despite a limited funding. In order to have a successful rollout of products, the Company aims to be in the position to hire experienced sales managers and account executives to sell to both the public and private markets. We believe we represent the only community solution that addresses all four pillars of preparation, mitigation, response, and recovery in a single application. Our software will integrate fire, police, EMS (Emergency Medical Services), and private and municipal assets into a single common operating picture. Our platform allows for authentication of each end user s data input across multi-disciplinary and interagency activities. This allows various administrative users the ability to update data on a near real-time basis, allowing for a free flow of updates from authorized administrators to end users responding to an incident. All emergencies start at a local level. These emergencies may escalate and involve multiple community agencies, multiple jurisdictions, and sometimes even to the point of a federal response. Our suite of software focuses on both pre-incident planning and enhanced data handling during response and mitigation. Our software will allow for complete horizontal and vertical data sharing, providing a common operating picture for all agencies from the fire and police chief, to the mayor, state agencies, and federal authorities. Our development considers the needs of emergency and public safety responders as well as the needs of the building owners to form a unique public and private partnership for community preparedness. We believe our suite of products distinguishes us from our competitors by providing detailed and interactive site-specific data. We address a critical need: a public/private partnership for the sharing of pertinent data both horizontally and vertically without undue burden on existing agency resources. THE MARKETS The safety and security of people and places extends to many vertical markets because the value of emergency planning is not limited to first responders themselves. The same concepts apply to other types of organizations, such as: School Districts Colleges and Universities Hospitals, Nursing Homes, Assisted Living Hotels and Casinos Airports and Seaports Government Buildings (Courthouse complexes, DMV, Internal revenue, and more) 8 Table of Contents Theaters and Cineplexes Large Commercial Property Owners and Management Companies Safe/Smart City Projects Oil Gas Companies Telecommunication Companies Sport Venues Global corporations with widespread facilities and critical assets. e.g. retail stores, restaurant chains, manufacturers, industrial parks, to name a few examples. Current Business Partnerships/Sales Esri Business Partner: We are currently a Silver Business Partner with Esri, whose geographic software engine is the core of our GIS interface. This relationship should boost our marketing and sales substantially, as we will be providing a robust product for public safety, and Esri is the de facto in public safety mapping worldwide. The Company has been developing strategic partnerships. Our objective is to introduce us to well established distribution outlets and technology partners. These strategic partnerships will build awareness about our products, generate significant sales, and will allow the Company to focus on technology development. Today the Company is involved in working with several strategic partners. Competition While we believe that we provide a unique software solution for use by first responders, we will face intense competition from other companies that engage or may engage in providing computer software and related technology to assist first responders. Many of these competitors have been in existence for a considerable period of time, have substantially greater resources than we do and have developed relationships with regulators and government officials that may facilitate their ability to attract government contracts to their companies rather than ours. Seasonality We do not expect any seasonality in our business. Employees Other than our Officers and Directors, as of March 31, 2023, we have three full-time and no part-time employees. We anticipate adding additional employees in the next 12 months, as needed. Intellectual Property In the future, we may rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws in the United States as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology, databases, and our brand. We plan to have a policy of requiring key employees and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting relationship with us. Our employee agreements also require relevant employees to assign to us all rights to any inventions made or conceived during their employment with us. In addition, we have a policy of requiring individuals and entities with which we discuss potential business relationships to sign non-disclosure agreements. Our agreements with clients include confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 2. Properties . Our mailing address is 2831 St. Rose Parkway, Suite #297 Henderson, NV 89052. Our telephone number is (415) 990-8141. 9 Table of Contents Item 3. Legal Proceedings. On July 15, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit with the Eight Circuit District Court in Clark County, Nevada, naming Albert Koenigsberg and Geocommand, Inc. as defendants. The Company sought relief for breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, conversion, unjust enrichment, and breach of fiduciary duty. The Company s allegations included, among other claims, that Mr. Koenigsberg, during his prior time as an executive of the Company, utilized unauthorized funds, entered into improper agreements, and unaccounted for the Company s finances. On or about December 30, 2022, the Company was successful in obtaining a total judgment of 57,320.94 against Geocommand, solely, with interest continuing to accrue until paid in full, as follows: 1) The principal sum of 43,500.00; 2) Interest calculated at 6.75 on the principal amount from the date of service of the Complaint, August 11, 2022, until this judgment is paid in full, calculated at 8.05 per day, which amounts to 1,143.10 through December 31, 2022, which amount continues to accrue unless and until paid in full; and 3) Reasonable attorneys fees in the amount of 10,892.50; and 4) Costs of suit in the amount of 1,785.34. The matter as it relates to defendant Albert Koenigsberg is ongoing and is scheduled to go to trial later this year. On August 13, 2021, the SEC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against multiple defendants, which include GPL Ventures LLC, Alexander Dillon, and Cosmin Panait, among other parties (altogether Defendants ). The Complaint indicates that the Defendants participated in a penny stock fraud scheme. The SEC also charged certain of the Defendants with operating as unregistered dealers, and obtained emergency relief to halt their ongoing conduct. Additionally, the complaint alleges that Defendants falsely represented to their brokers that GPL Ventures was not involved in any stock promotions with respect to the shares GPL Ventures was depositing and selling into the market. Furthermore, the complaint also charges Dillon, Panait and the GPL entities with operating as unregistered dealers, and given their ongoing conduct, the SEC sought and obtained an order temporarily restraining these defendants and freezing their assets until further order of the Court. To date, there has been no action taken on the notes with GPL Ventures and it is not known how the Court with address the matter as it relates to the Company. The only relationship is convertible notes payable that are outstanding with the Company. There has been no collection efforts on the part of GPL Ventures LLC. The Company is not a party to the legal action taken by the SEC. Other than disclosed above, there are no other actions, suits, proceedings, inquiries or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as set forth herein, management believes that there are no claims against us, which it believes will result in a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 10 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink under the symbol MAPT . The following table sets forth the high and low prices per share of our common stock for each period indicated. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. Common Shares Year Ended December 31, 2021: High Low Quarter Ended March 31, 2022 0.0090 0.0030 Quarter Ended June 30, 2022 0.0052 0.0011 Quarter Ended September 30, 2022 0.0016 0.0009 Quarter Ended December 31, 2022 0.0010 0.0005 Year Ended December 31, 2021: High Low Quarter Ended March 31, 2021 0.220 0.032 Quarter Ended June 30, 2021 0.050 0.010 Quarter Ended September 30, 2021 0.017 0.010 Quarter Ended December 31, 2021 0.014 0.005 Series A Preferred Stock 1,000,000 shares of preferred A designated, with each share convertible on one for one base for common stock and no voting rights. Series A-2 Preferred Stock 10,000 shares of preferred A-2 designated, with each share convertible into four times the sum of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding with the same voting rights. Series B Preferred Stock 1,000,000 shares of preferred B designated, with each share convertible into 10 shares of common stock and has 10 votes for any election. Series C Preferred Stock 1,000 shares of preferred C designated, with each share are not convertible and has voting rights equal to four times the sum of total common stock shares issued and outstanding plus the total number of series B, A and A-2 that are issued and outstanding. Security Holders As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 681 individual shareholders of record of our Common Stock. Dividend Policy We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to stockholders in the foreseeable future. In addition, any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and such other factors as the Board of Directors deem relevant. 11 Table of Contents Equity Compensation Plan We do not have any equity compensation plan. Transfer Agent Our transfer agent is Securities Transfer Corporation with a mailing address at 13577 Feather Sound Drive, Suite 500, Clearwater, FL 33762. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. Except as set forth below, during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, all sales of equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act were previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Unless otherwise disclosed below, all issuances of Common Stock were made pursuant to the exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Issuance of Common Stock Pursuant to Regulation A Offering During the year ended December 31, 2021, we conducted a Regulation A offering of our Common Stock, at 0.01 price per share, for net proceeds of 1,254,000, which include 25,000 of fees. The Company issued approximately 127,900,000 shares of common stock. Issuance of Common Stock Pursuant to Convertible Promissory Notes During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company converted convertible note principal and accrued interest of 1,237,791 into 72,372,320 shares of common stock and 4,978,928 relief of derivative liability settled through additional paid in capital for a total of 6,216,719. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company converted convertible note principal of 249,750 and accrued interest of 11,189 for total debt of 260,939 into 272,187,390 shares of common stock. Other During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 20,986,734 shares of Common Stock for compensation of 253,183. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 1,281,787 shares of Common Stock for settlement of related party debt of 1,873,740. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 4,850,000 shares of common stock for current year compensation (2,450,000 shares) of 8,700 and stock payable for prior year compensation (2,400,000 shares) of 24,500. The Company also issued 225,000 shares of common stock for payment of accounts payable of 1,800. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchaser There were no issuer purchases of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. Item 6. [Reserved] 12 Table of Contents Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of our operations together with our financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, whose actual outcomes involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those stated in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the section entitled Cautionary Statement regarding Forward-Looking Statements and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Please see the notes to our Financial Statements for information about our Critical Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements. Management s Discussion and Analysis The Company has had no revenues from operations in each of the last two fiscal years, and in the current fiscal year. Business Overview Maptelligent delivers easy-to-use web and mobile applications for teams to explore, enhance and collaborate on projects using data from multiple systems in a geospatial context. Maptelligent digital twin solution set provides interconnectivity, automation, and access to real-time data. We enable visibility into information and documents that your teams are managing, so that they can measure progress, understand risks and costs, and communicate seamlessly with stakeholders. Maptelligent implementing innovative technology, allowing customers to model their operations and solve today s complex business problems. Using the latest in remote capture technology (LIDAR, Photogrammetry), building information, modelling and location intelligence delivers customized digital twin and Industry 4.0 applications. Maptelligent, Inc., provides customers a secure web application with a flexible framework on Esri s ArcGIS Platform technology. This approach provides cost effective, customized solutions, which are tailored to our customers unique disparate data and operational requirements. Coupled with cloud interoperability, Maptelligent, Inc., delivers an innovative, easy-to-use web-based experience by integrating multiple operations, including asset management, building automation and control, interdisciplinary coordination, scheduling, cost estimating, and integrated construction specifications. Digital twin technology is a critical component of Industry 4.0, the ongoing automation of traditional manufacturing and industrial practices, using modern smart technology. In simple terms, digital twin is the virtual replica of real-world objects, including physical objects, processes, relationships, and behaviours. These models of real-world objects, through the use of Maptelligent capabilities, can be implemented into common operational pictures, for unique real-time integrated understanding of your environment. Maptelligent, Inc., provides web and mobile solutions that leverage the latest in no code/low code development capability. This provides cost effective, customized solutions, which are tailored to our customers unique disparate data and operational requirements. Coupled with cloud interoperability, the Maptelligent, Inc., solution delivers an innovative, easy-to-use web-based experience by integrating multiple operations, including asset management, building automation and control, interdisciplinary coordination, scheduling, cost estimating, and integrated construction specifications. Results of Operations The following are the results of our continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Revenue - - - - Operating expense 651,170 1,196,811 (545,641 (46 Other income (expense) 2,833,270 91,959,692 (89,126,422 (97 Net income (loss) 2,182,100 90,762,881 (88,580,781 (98 Revenue During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not generate any revenue. 13 Table of Contents Operating Expenses Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change General and administrative 144,786 386,504 (241,718 (63 Professional fee 177,530 130,434 47,096 36 Compensation and payroll taxes 328,854 679,873 (351,019 (52 Total operating expenses 651,170 1,196,811 (545,641 (46 Compensation and payroll taxes decreased by 351,019, during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease in compensation expense in the current period is primarily due to reductions in employees payroll and stock based compensation. Professional fees increased by 47,096 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to increases in legal and consulting fees. General and administrative expenses decreased by 241,718 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease in general and administrative expenses is primarily due to decreases in marketing and software expenses. Other Income (Expense) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Interest expense (442,394 (546,062 103,668 (19 Gain on settlement of debt 87,062 907 86,155 9499 Change in fair value of derivative liability 3,188,602 92,504,847 (89,316,245 (97 Total other income (expense) 2,833,270 91,959,692 (89,126,422 (97 The decrease in other income was primarily due to the change in fair value of derivative liability, from an accounting estimate primarily from the conversion feature of one convertible promissory note. Liquidity and Capital Resources December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Change Cash 210,508 966,682 (756,174 (78 Current assets 404,696 1,159,724 (755,028 (65 Current liabilities 2,987,958 6,541,729 (3,553,771 (54 Working capital deficiency (2,583,262 (5,382,005 2,798,743 (52 Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate funds to support asset growth, satisfy disbursement needs, maintain reserve requirements, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. The Company has insufficient operating revenues so is currently dependent on debt financing and sale of equity to fund operations. As shown in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has net income of 2,182,100 and 90,762,881 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company also has an accumulated deficit of 36,700,394 and negative working capital of 2,583,262 as of December 31, 2022, as well as outstanding convertible notes payable of 538,256. As of December 31, 2022, the net income and working capital deficiency is primarily due to the non-cash accounting estimate of a derivative liability of 1.76 million, for the valuation of the discounted variable-rate conversion features on our convertible notes. Our derivative accounting estimates and disclosures should be read in conjunction with critical accounting policies and Notes 6 and 8 in our financial statements, as they are disclosed elsewhere in this report. Management believes that it will need additional equity or debt financing to be able to implement its business plan. Given the lack of revenue, capital deficiency and negative working capital, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 14 Table of Contents We believe that the successful growth and operation of our business is dependent upon our ability to do the following: obtain adequate sources of debt or equity financing to pay unfunded operating expenses and fund long-term business operations; and manage or control working capital requirements by controlling operating expenses. Management is attempting to raise additional capital via equity and debt offerings to sustain operations until it can market its services and achieve profitability. The successful outcome of future activities cannot be determined at this time and there are no assurances that, if achieved, the Company will have sufficient funds to execute its intended business plan or generate positive operating results. Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Cash used in operating activities (659,746 (900,934 241,188 (27 Cash used in investing activities (54,428 (7,500 (46,928 626 Cash (used in) provided by financing activities (42,000 1,813,544 (1,855,544 (102 Cash and cash equivalents on hand 210,508 966,682 (756,174 (78 Operating activities Net cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 659,746 and 900,934, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated a net income of 2,182,100, which included significant non-cash expenses of 331,204 in debt discount amortization, 9,100 in stock-based compensation, gain on settlement of debt of 87,062, 6,350 in equipment amortization, and gain of 3,188,602 in change in fair value of derivative liabilities, as well as 87,164 in changes in operating assets and liabilities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we generated a net income of 90,762,881, which included significant non-cash expenses of 430,868 in debt discount amortization, 253,183 in stock issued for compensation, gain on settlement of debt of 907, and gain of 92,504,847 in change in fair value of derivative liabilities, as well as 157,888 in changes in operating assets and liabilities. Investing activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased equipment and software for 54,428. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was from 7,500 in advances to a related party. Financing activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 42,000, which consisted of 12,000 paid on convertible notes principal, 100,000 paid on notes payable principal and 70,000 in proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 1,813,544, which consisted of 455,000 in proceeds from convertible notes payable, 1,247,950 from proceeds from issuance of common stock, 195,000 in proceeds from notes payable and 84,406) in payment to settle debt. Critical Accounting Policies The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, assumptions and judgments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and the impact of such differences may be material to our financial statements. Critical accounting policies are those policies that, in management s view, are most important in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations. The methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results that we report in our financial statements. These critical accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with U.S. GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation, uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operation. Those critical accounting policies and estimates that require the most significant judgment are discussed further below. 15 Table of Contents While our estimates and assumptions are based on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. For a discussion of the Company s significant accounting policies, refer to Note 2 of Notes to the Financial Statements. Derivative Liability The Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments, the Company used a Black Scholes valuation model to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The valuation of derivative liabilities involves assumptions and estimates that are subject to uncertainty, such as the calculation of the Black Scholes volatility input. Volatility is primarily a function of the Company s fluctuating common stock price, which is readily available. The Company cannot predict the extent to which the historical volatility of the Company s common stock is indicative of future performance or valuation. Stock-based Compensation The Company issues stock, options and warrants as share-based compensation to employees and non-employees. The Company accounts for its share-based compensation to employees and non-employees in accordance ASC 718. Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award, and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. Options and warrants issued as compensation are often subject to Black Scholes pricing, which embodies the estimates and uncertainties mentioned under Derivative Liability above. Income Taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The deferred tax assets of the Company relate primarily to operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes. A full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets has been provided because the Company believes it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the Company generating sufficient taxable income in future periods, the estimation of which is subject to uncertainties regarding the Company s ability to successfully implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and are not required to provide the information under this Item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the financial statements and supplementary data set forth in Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules of Part IV of this Annual Report. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. 16 Table of Contents Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our management, with the participation of our CEO and our CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) were ineffective as of December 31, 2022 such that material information required to be disclosed is made known to management and others, as appropriate, to allow timely decision regarding required disclosure and that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A controls system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. A material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in there being a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Our President and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO - 2013). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is ineffective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Based on the evaluation the effectiveness of our internal control, management identified the following material weaknesses: Inadequate Segregation of Duties: We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures. Lack of Audit Committee: We do not have a functioning audit committee, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for smaller reporting companies under Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 17 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers Our business and affairs are organized under the direction of our board of directors, which currently consists of three members. Each of our directors holds office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal. Our executive officers are appointed by our Board and serve until their respective successors are elected and appointed and qualify until their earlier resignation or removal from office. Our current directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration of such, are as follows: Name Position Age Date of Appointment Richard Ziccardi CFO and Director 56 5/11/20 Glenn Corso Director 60 5/11/20 Joseph A. Cosio-Barron CEO, President, CCO and Director 73 7/22/20 Richard Ziccardi - Chief Financial Officer, Board of Director Mr. Ziccardi is a financial professional with over 30 years of experience in Banking, Insurance and Investments with a business focus on financial products. During his working career Mr. Ziccardi has held various roles including, but not limited to: Product Manager, LOB Controller, Chief of Staff, CAO, and Global Head of Revenue and RFP Pricing while supporting the servicing of Exchange Traded Funds, Mutual Funds, Hedge Funds, Private Equity, REITs and Variable Annuities. In these capacities, Mr. Ziccardi has worked on Mergers and Acquisition integrations, Client Profitability Modelling, Revenue Maximization, Sales and Client Engagement, New Product Development, Vendor Contract Negotiations, Efficiency and Expense Reduction Initiatives, Recruiting, Hiring, Training, Employee Engagement and Retention. From 2001 2020, Mr. Ziccardi was employed at the Bank of New York Mellon in various roles and titles including CAO and Managing Director, up to February 2020, Mr. Ziccardi was Global Head of Revenue Control - Asset Servicing. Mr. Ziccardi holds a Bachelor of Business Administration - Accounting - Hofstra University. Glenn Corso - Chairman of the Board Mr. Corso has over 40 years of experience in manufacturing and business operations in Diagnostic Medical and Industrial Real Time X- Ray equipment manufacturing companies. Glenn became President and CEO of Precise Optics/Photo Medic Equipment, Inc. in 1995 and President and CEO of Tecnomed USA (Bay Shore Medical Equipment Corp.) in 1990. Since 2000, Mr. Corso has owned and operated Consol Air, Inc., a company that owns and operates a Beechcraft Baron 58P which he charters for flights around the east coast. Mr. Corso worked in all aspects of the businesses from machine shop, inspection, assembly, design and production, regulatory oversight, technical writing, and ultimately management. 18 Table of Contents Joseph A. Cosio-Barron CEO, President, Director of Compliance - Board of Director Joseph A. Cosio-Barron is an accomplished professional with many years experience working within the intricacies of people management and regulatory legal compliance to ensure the viability of publicly held corporations listed on the stock exchanges. From 2016 to 2019, Mr. Cosio-Barron served as President of Las Vegas Xpress, Inc., which provided passenger rail excursions in the U.S. From 2007 to 2016, Mr. Cosio-Barron served as Executive Vice President of Las Vegas Railway Express, Inc., which also provided passenger rail excursions in the U.S. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Cosio-Barron served as President of Shearson Home Loans, a 1.3 billion national mortgage bank with 237 offices in 33 states and 1,450 employees. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Cosio-Barron co-founded Liberty Capital, a 100 million asset management company based in Las Vegas, Nevada. From 1996 to 2002, Mr. Cosio-Barron served as the Managing Partner and President of CBS Consultants, Inc., a California Corporation which was a financial firm offering highly specialized services in development and lending for hotels, resorts, and casinos to include regulatory legal compliance. From 1991 to 1996, Mr. Cosio-Barron served as the Executive Vice President of Finet Holdings Corporation, a Delaware Corporation. As Executive Vice President, he was entirely responsible for the coordination of all regulatory legal compliance and the management of the sales of the staff for all the branch offices. From 1980 to 1990, Mr. Cosio-Barron served as President of Terra West Construction, a company, which he founded which in addition to building single-family subdivisions, strip, centers, duplex and four-plex units also developed syndications and formed limited partnerships for large-scale developments throughout California. From 1973 to 1980, Mr. Cosio-Barron served as Senior Vice-President of Multi-Financial Corporation, a California Corporation which was a real estate investment firm that both owned and managed commercial, retail, and residential income properties in Northern California. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among and between our directors, officers, persons nominated or chosen by the Company to become directors or officers, or beneficial owners of more than five percent (5 of the any class of the Company s equity securities. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings None of our directors and executive officers has been involved in any legal or regulatory proceedings, as set forth in Item 401 of Regulation S-K, during the past ten years. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Our common stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Code of Ethics We expect that we will adopt a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial reporting. Once adopted, we will make the code of business conduct and ethics available on our website at www.maptelligent.com. We intend to post any amendments to the code, or any waivers of its requirements, on our website. Committees of the Board The Company does not have an audit committee nor compensation committee because of the small size and early stage of the Company. Nominating Committee We do not have a separately designated nominating committee because the board makes all decisions regarding director nominations. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Nevada General Corporation Law permits a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers against expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred in connection with a pending or completed action, suit or proceeding if the officer or director acted in good faith and in a manner the officer or director reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the corporation. 19 Table of Contents Our certificate of incorporation provides that, except in certain specified instances, our directors shall not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duty as directors, except for the following: any breach of their duty of loyalty to our company or our stockholders; acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law; and any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. In addition, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws obligate us to indemnify our directors and officers against expenses and other amounts reasonably incurred in connection with any proceeding arising from the fact that such person is or was an agent of ours. Our bylaws also authorize us to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any of our directors or officers against any liability asserted against that person in that capacity, whether or not we would have the power to indemnify that person under the provisions of the Nevada General Corporation Law. We expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors and officers as determined by our Board of Directors. These agreements provide for indemnification of related expenses including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe that these bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers as required by these indemnification provisions. At present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees regarding, which indemnification is sought, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification. Insofar as the provisions of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws provide for indemnification of directors or officers for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, we have been informed that in the opinion of the Commission this indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Item 11. Executive Compensation. Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth certain compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the following named executive officers, which is defined as follows: (a) all individuals serving as our principal executive officer during the year ended December 31, 2022; and (b) each of our two other most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. We did not have any individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Fiscal Salary Bonus Stock Awards Option Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation All Other Compensation Total Name and Position Year ) ) ) (1) ) ) ) ) Albert Koenigsberg (2) 2022 - - - - - - - Former CEO and President 2021 22,560 - - - - - 22,560 Joseph A. Cosio-Barron (3) 2022 150,000 - - - - - 150,000 CEO and President 2021 150,000 - 55,000 - - - 205,000 Richard Ziccardi (4) 2022 150,000 - - - - - 150,000 CFO and Treasurer 2021 150,000 - 46,667 - - - 196,667 20 Table of Contents _________ (1) For valuation purposes, the dollar amount shown is calculated based on the grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The number of shares granted, the grant date, and the market price of such shares are set forth below. (2) Albert Koenigsberg had served as our Chief Executive Officer and President from April 15, 2020 to February 28, 2021. (3) Joseph A. Cosio-Barron has served as our Chief Executive Officer from February 28, 2021 through the present. Mr. Cosio-Barron was appointed a Director of the Board on July 27, 2020. (4) Richard Ziccardi has served as our Chief Financial Officer from October 9, 2020 through the present. Employment Agreements Joseph Cosio-Barron On January 1, 2021, the start date of Joseph Cosio-Barron s employment agreement with us, we entered into an Executive Agreement with Mr. Cosio-Barron (the Agreement ), setting out his annual salary of 150,000 per year, plus the issuance of a bonus issuance of 2,000,000 shares of our Common Stock on the Agreement. On June 8, 2021, Mr. Cosio-Barron was issued 5,500,000 shares of our Common Stock as compensation. During the Term of this Agreement, Executive will be entitled to participate in an annual incentive compensation plan of the Company, as established and revised by the Board from time to time. The Agreement target annual bonus will be twenty five percent (25 of your Base Salary in effect for such year (the Target Bonus ), and the actual annual bonus may be more or less as determined by the Board of Directors, and will be determined based primarily upon (i) the achievement of certain corporate performance goals, as may be established and approved by from time to time by the Board of Directors, (ii) the achievement of personal performance goals as may be established by the CEO, and (iii) the overall goals and objectives of the Company. The annual bonus will only be paid at such time and in such manner as set forth in the annual incentive compensation plan document. Richard Ziccardi On January 1, 2021, the start date of Richard Ziccardi s employment agreement with us, we entered into an Executive Agreement with Mr. Ziccardi (the Agreement ), setting out his annual salary of 150,000 per year, plus the issuance of a bonus issuance of 2,000,000 shares of our Common Stock on the Agreement. On June 8, 2021 Mr. Ziccardi was issued 4,666,667 shares of our Common Stock as compensation. During the Term of this Agreement, Executive will be entitled to participate in an annual incentive compensation plan of the Company, as established and revised by the Board from time to time. The Agreement target annual bonus will be twenty five percent (25 of your Base Salary in effect for such year (the Target Bonus ), and the actual annual bonus may be more or less as determined by the CEO, and will be determined based primarily upon (i) the achievement of certain corporate performance goals, as may be established and approved by from time to time by the CEO, (ii) the achievement of personal performance goals as may be established by the CEO, and (iii) the overall goals and objectives of the Company. The annual bonus will only be paid at such time and in such manner as set forth in the annual incentive compensation plan document. Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide retirement or similar benefits for our directors or executive officers. Resignation, Retirement, Other Termination, or Change in Control Arrangements We do not have any contracts, agreements, plans, or arrangements, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to our directors or executive officers at, following, or in connection with the resignation, retirement, or other termination of our directors or executive officers, or a change in control of our company or a change in our directors or executive officers responsibilities following a change in control. Director Summary Compensation Table None 21 Table of Contents Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . The following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2023, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our Common Stock by (i) each of our directors (including director nominees), (ii) each of our named executive officers, (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group, and (iv) each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock. Name of Beneficial Owner(1) Total Common Stock Shares Beneficially Owned of Common Stock Class(2) Total Series A Preferred Shares Owned (3) of Series A Class (2) Total Series C Preferred Shares Owned of Series C Class (2) Total of Beneficial Ownership (5) Directors and Officers: Glenn Corso, Director 2,125,000 0.28 - - 4 20 0.28 Richard Ziccardi, CFO, Director 8,316,667 1.10 - - 4 20 1.10 Joseph Cosio-Baron, CEO, President, CCO, Director 9,308,226 1.24 - - - - 1.24 All executive officers and directors as a group (3 persons) 19,749,893 2.62 - - - 40 Five (5 Percent Shareholders: Not Applicable _______ (1) Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding. (2) Based upon (i) 753,377,447 shares of Common Stock outstanding, (ii) 98,796 shares of Series A outstanding, and (iii) 20 shares of Series C outstanding as of March 31, 2023. (3) Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to no voting rights and each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of Common Stock. (4) Each share of Series C Preferred Stock are not convertible and has voting rights equal to four times the sum of total common stock shares issued and outstanding plus the total number of preferred series B, A and A-2 that are issued and outstanding. (5) Based on 753,476,263 shares calculated on fully diluted basis. 22 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. No director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction during the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last three completed fiscal years: There are 3 directors of which 1 is an independent director and 2 are officers, using the NASDAQ definition of independence. 23 Table of Contents Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Fee Category Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Audit Fees 26,500 29,600 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - Total Fees 26,500 29,600 24 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. (1) Financial Statements: See Index on page F-1 of this report (2) Exhibits : Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 14, 2017) 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 14, 2017) 3.3 By-Laws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form 8-A 12G filed November 30, 2017) 4.1 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 15, 2021) 10.1 Letter agreement between the Company and BGR Government Affairs, LLC (incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 14, 2017) 10.2 Form of Share Exchange Agreement between the Company and shareholder of Las Vegas Railway Express, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 14, 2017) 10.3 Convertible note with East Shore Equities, LLC, dated June 2, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018) 10.4 Convertible note with Cardio Infrared Technologies, Inc., dated September 30, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018) 10.5 Convertible note with Power Up Lending Group LTD, dated November 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018) 10.6 Convertible note with EMA Financial, LLC, dated November 27, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018) 10.7 Convertible note with Adar Bays, LLC, dated December 18, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018) 10.8 Convertible note with Auctus Fund, LLC, dated December 20, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018) 10.9 Convertible note with Power Up Lending Group LTD, dated December 21, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018) 10.10 Employment agreement with Michael Barron dated December 15, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018) 10.11 Employment agreement with Wanda Witoslawski dated December 15, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018) 10.12 Employment agreement with Joseph Cosio-Barron dated December 15, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018) 10.13 Convertible note with BGR Government Affairs, LLC, dated April 30, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 15, 2019) 10.14 Convertible note with Albee There Too, LP, dated April 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 15, 2019) 10.15 Convertible note with L2 Capital, LLC, dated April 17, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 15, 2019) 10.16 Convertible note with GPL Ventures LLC, dated January 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 15, 2019) 10.17 Convertible note with Power Up Lending Group LTD, dated November 14, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 15, 2019) 10.18 Reseller Agreement, dated March 22, 2021, by and between GeoCommand, Inc. and Maptelligent, Inc (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed March 26, 2021) 10.19 Settlement Agreement, dated March 30, 2021, by and between GeoCommand, Inc., Albert Koenigsberg and Maptelligent, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed April 15, 2021) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 101 Inline XBRL Document Set for the financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. _______ filed herewith 25 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders Maptelligent, Inc. Henderson, NV Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Maptelligent, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Considerations The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses since inception and has not achieved profitable operations, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah (a dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) March 31, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents MAPTELLIGENT, INC. BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses Other receivables Total current assets Noncurrent assets Equipment, net Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit Current Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued payroll Accrued interest Notes payable Convertible notes payable Derivative liability Common stock payable Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders' Deficit Preferred stock: authorized; par value; Preferred A, shares designated, shares issued and outstanding Preferred C, shares designated, shares issued and outstanding Common stock: authorized; par value and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders' Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit See accompanying notes to these audited financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents MAPTELLIGENT, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Operating expenses General and administrative Professional fees Compensation and payroll taxes Total operating expenses Net loss from operations Other income (expense) Interest expense Gain on change in fair value of derivative liability Gain on settlement of debt Total other income (expense) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Basic income per Common Share Diluted income per Common Share Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding See accompanying notes to these audited financial statements F-4 Table of Contents MAPTELLIGENT, INC. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional Total Series A Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid in Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance - December 31, 2020 Stock issued for cash - - Stock issued for notes and interest conversion - - Stock issued for settlement of debt - related party - - Settlement of debt - - - Stock issued for compensation - - Stock issued for compensation - related party - - Net income - - Balance - December 31, 2021 Stock issued for notes and interest conversion - - Stock issued for accounts payable - - Stock issued for compensation - - Stock issued for stock payable - - Relief of derivative liability on conversion of convertible notes - - - Net income - - Balance - December 31, 2022 See accompanying notes to these audited financial statements F-5 Table of Contents MAPTELLIGENT, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Amortization of debt discount Amortization of equipment Stock based compensation Change in fair value of derivative liability Gain on settlement of debt Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued payroll Accrued interest Prepaid expenses Common stock payable Net Cash used in Operating Activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Advances to related party Purchases of equipment Net Cash used in Investing Activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from convertible notes payable Repayments on convertible notes payable Debt to be settled Proceeds from notes payable Repayments on notes payable Net Cash provided by Financing Activities Net change in cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes Non-cash Investing and Financing transactions: Conversion of notes payable and accrued interest to common stock Common stock issued for stock payable Common stock issued for payment of accounts payable Derivative liability recognized as debt discounts Settlement of debt - related party Stock issued for settlement of related party debt See accompanying notes to these audited financial statements F-6 Table of Contents MAPTELLIGENT, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 Revenue Recognition: Risks and Uncertainties: Use of Estimates: Cash and Cash Equivalents: and in cash, respectively, and and of cash equivalents. Basic and Diluted Income (Loss) Per Share: F-7 Table of Contents Share Based Payment: gain on settlement for net) and , respectively, in stock-based compensation to employees and consultants, for which it issued and , respectively, shares of common stock. Fair Value of Financial Instruments: December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Liabilities Derivative Liabilities F-8 Table of Contents Equipment Long-Lived Assets Recent Accounting Pronouncements for the year ended December 31, 2022, and had an accumulated deficit of and a negative working capital of as of December 31, 2022. Management believes that it will need additional equity or debt financing to be able to implement its business plan. Given the lack of revenue, capital deficiency and negative working capital, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. While we expect the impacts of COVID-19 may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, we are unable to predict the extent or nature of these impacts at this time. Management is attempting to raise additional equity and debt to sustain operations until it can market its services and achieve profitability. The successful outcome of future activities cannot be determined at this time and there are no assurances that, if achieved, the Company will have sufficient funds to execute its intended business plan or generate positive operating results. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. F-9 Table of Contents Depreciation expense for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. Less debt discount Total outstanding notes payable During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made repayments of and , respectively, recorded debt discount amortization of and , respectively, and interest expense of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued interest of and , respectively. Notes payable issued in Fiscal year 2020 On December 10, 2020 (the Closing Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA ), pursuant to which the Company purchased two promissory notes, each with a principal amount of , for a total principal amount of . The first Note Initial Note was issued by the Company on the Closing Date and second Note was issued in February 2021. The Initial Note has an interest rate of per annum and a maturity date of . The Company received from the Initial Note and recorded as debt discount. In addition to the Initial Note, on the Closing Date, the Company issued a warrant Warrant to acquire shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The Warrant contains a cashless exercise provision and expires on the fifth anniversary of the Warrant s issuance date. The Company identified conversion features embedded within warrants issued during the period ended December 31, 2020. The Company has determined that the conversion feature of the Warrants represents an embedded derivative since the conversion price includes a reset provision which could cause adjustments upon conversion. The Company accounted for the issuance of the Warrants as a derivative and recorded derivative liability of as debt discount. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded amortization of discount of . Any amount of Principal or Interest on the Initial Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of twenty-four percent per annum and the maximum amount permitted under law from the due date thereof until the same is paid. In October of 2022, the Initial Note was amended for payments to be made: in October 2022, in December 2022 and plus all accrued interest in March 2023. As of December 31, 2022 the October payment was made, the December scheduled payment was not made and the Note is in default. Notes payable issued in Fiscal year 2021 On February 10, 2021, the second note payable Second Note ), as part of the Securities Purchase Agreement entered into on the Closing Date was issued. The Second Note has an interest rate of per annum and a maturity date of . The Company received and recorded as debt discount. In addition, the Company issued a warrant to acquire shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The Company has determined that the conversion feature of the Warrants represents an embedded derivative since the conversion price includes a reset provision which could cause adjustments upon conversion. The Company accounted for the issuance of the Warrants as a derivative and recorded derivative liability of as debt discount. During the year ended December 31, 2021, on the two notes the Company recorded total amortization of debt discount of . Any amount of Principal or Interest on the Second Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of twenty-four percent per annum and the maximum amount permitted under law from the due date thereof until the same is paid. In October of 2022, the Second Note was amended for payments to be made: in October 2022, in December 2022 and plus all accrued interest in March 2023. As of December 31, 2022 the October payment was made, the December scheduled payment was not made and the Note is in default. F-10 Table of Contents Promissory note, dated September 30, 2017, bearing 10 interest, payable on demand Promissory note, dated January 5, 2018, bearing interest of 10 annually, payable on July 5, 2018 Promissory note, dated April 20, 2018, bearing interest of 12 annually, payable on April 20, 2019 Promissory note, dated April 30, 2018, bearing interest of 12 annually, payable on April 30, 2019 Promissory note, dated November 23, 2020, bearing interest of 10 annually, payable on November 23, 2021 Promissory note, dated February 12, 2021, bearing interest of 10 annually, payable on February 12, 2022 Promissory note, dated March 29, 2021, bearing interest of 10 annually, payable on March 29, 2022 Promissory note, dated August 2, 2021, bearing interest of 10 annually, payable on August 2, 2022 Promissory note, dated August 30, 2021, bearing interest of 10 annually, payable on August 30, 2022 Promissory note, dated October 14, 2021, bearing interest of 10 annually, payable on October 14, 2022 Promissory note, dated November 8, 2021, bearing interest of 10 annually, payable on November 8, 2022 Promissory note, dated December 27, 2021, bearing interest of 10 annually, payable on December 27, 2022 Promissory note, dated April 29, 2022, bearing interest of 10 annually, payable on April 29, 2023 Promissory note, dated July 14, 2022, bearing interest of 10 annually, payable on July 14, 2023 Convertible notes before debt discount Less debt discount Total outstanding convertible notes payable During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made principal payments of and , respectively, and recognized interest expense of and and amortization of debt discount, included in interest expense, of and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we had 2,651 and 0, respectively, of accrued interest recorded as a gain on settlement of debt. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded accrued interest of and , respectively. Conversion During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company converted convertible note principal of and accrued interest of for total debt of into shares of common stock. The corresponding derivative liabilities at the dates of conversion of , of which was included in gain on settlement of debt in the statement of operations and statement of cash flows, were settled through additional paid in capital. F-11 Table of Contents of notes with the following terms: . Annual interest rates of - . Convertible at the option of the holders at issuance. . Certain notes are currently in default. Default interest rates are . Promissory Notes - Issued in fiscal year 2018 During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company issued a total of of notes with the following terms: . Annual interest rates of - . Convertible at the option of the holders at issuance. . Notes are currently in default. Default interest rates are . Promissory Notes - Issued in fiscal year 2020 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued a note of with the following terms: . Annual interest rate of . Convertible at the option of the holders at issuance. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an additional tranche of . Promissory Notes - Issued in fiscal year 2021 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued a total of in notes with the following terms: . Annual interest rate of . Convertible at the option of the holders at issuance. . The notes include original issue discounts and financing costs of and the Company received cash of . Promissory Notes - Issued in fiscal year 2022 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued a total of in notes with the following terms: . Annual interest rate of . Convertible at the option of the holders at issuance. . F-12 Table of Contents and the Company received cash of . Derivative liabilities The Company determined that the exercise feature of the warrants met the definition of a liability in accordance with ASC Topic No. 815 - 40, Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Stock. The Company bifurcates the embedded conversion option in the notes once the notes become convertible and account for it as a derivative liability. The fair value of the warrants was recorded as a debt discount being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. The Company assessed its convertible notes in accordance with ASC 815 and determined there were derivative liabilities associated with the convertible notes when they become convertible. The Company valued the conversion features using the Black Scholes valuation model. The fair value of the derivative liability for all the notes and warrants that became convertible for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to . of the value assigned to the derivative liability was recognized as a debt discount to the notes while the balance of was recognized as a day 1 derivative loss. The fair value of the derivative liability for all the notes and warrants that became convertible for the year ended December 31, 2021 amounted to . of the value assigned to the derivative liability was recognized as a debt discount to the notes while the balance of was recognized as a day 1 derivative loss. warrants with an exercise price of per common share, for a period of years (Note 5). The Company determined that the warrants qualify for derivative accounting as a result of the reset feature, which led to no explicit limit to the number of shares to be delivered upon future settlement of the conversion options. The following summarizes the Company s warrant activity: Granted Outstanding - December 31, 2021 Granted - - Outstanding - December 31, 2022 The intrinsic value of the warrants as of December 31, 2022 is . All of the outstanding warrants are exercisable as of December 31, 2022. F-13 Table of Contents - years - years Stock price volatility - 1,007 - 1,456 Discount rate - - Expected dividends None None The following table summarizes the changes in the derivative liabilities: Addition of new derivatives recognized as debt discounts Addition of new derivatives recognized as loss on derivatives Settled upon conversion of debt Gain on change in fair value of the derivative Balance - December 31, 2021 Addition of new derivatives recognized as debt discounts 238,339 Addition of new derivatives recognized as loss on derivatives Settled upon conversion of debt Gain on change in fair value of the derivative Balance - December 31, 2022 The aggregate gain on derivatives was as follows: Change in fair value of the derivative Net aggregate gain a month. Litigation On July 15, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit with the Eight Circuit District Court in Clark County, Nevada, naming Albert Koenigsberg and Geocommand, Inc. as defendants. The Company is seeking relief for breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, conversion, unjust enrichment, and breach of fiduciary duty. The Company s allegations include, among other claims, that Mr. Koenigsberg, during his prior time as an executive of the Company, utilized unauthorized funds, entered into improper agreements, and unaccounted for the Company s finances. On or about December 30, 2022, the Company was successful in obtaining a judgment against Geocommand, solely, for the principal sum of plus interest and fees of for total judgment of . Due to the inherent uncertainties in litigation proceedings, the Company will recognize the income from the judgment once the proceeds are received, in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies. While the Company believes it will prevail in the Koenigsberg portion of the case before the court, no assurances can be made as to the final outcome. F-14 Table of Contents shares of common stock and shares of preferred A ), shares of preferred A-2 ), shares of preferred B ) and shares of preferred C ). Preferred A Stock As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of the Company s Preferred A Stock were issued and outstanding. Preferred C Stock As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of the Company s Preferred C Stock were issued and outstanding. Common Stock During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common shares as follows: shares of common stock for conversion of debt of . shares of common stock for current year compensation shares) of and stock payable for prior year compensation shares) of . shares of common stock for payment of accounts payable of . Stock Payable As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reported stock payable of and , respectively, which is and shares to be issued, respectively. (Gain) loss on change in fair value of derivatives Interest on convertible debt Net income (loss) - diluted Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive shares Diluted Net income (loss) per common share: Basic Diluted F-15 Table of Contents million, which may be available to offset future taxable income for tax purposes. This carry forward may be limited upon the ownership change under IRC Section 382. The Components of the deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Valuation allowance Total deferred tax asset A reconciliation of the effective Federal tax expense to the amount derived by applying the Federal Statutory rate to pretax loss for 2022 and 2021: Non-deductible differences Change in valuation allowance Net tax expense (benefit) The tax years from 2015 forward are open for examination by the Internal Revenue Service. shares of commons stock for , of which the Company received cash of and a promissory note receivable from a former officer of . During the year ended December 31, 2020, was transferred to the Company, was used for payments of operating expenses, and was used to settle debt with former related parties. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the former officer was not considered a related party and the Company recorded a note receivable of , which is due on demand and bears no interest. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a short-term loan due from a former related party of and , respectively. The short-term loan is non-bearing interest and due on demand. Short-term loan receivable, net Total other receivables of principle of a convertible note was converted at to common shares. F-16 Table of Contents of principle of a convertible note was converted at to common shares. On January 31, 2023, .50 of interest of a convertible note was converted at to common shares. On February 01, 2023, of principle of a convertible note was converted at to common shares. On February 07, 2023, of principle of a convertible note was converted at to common shares. On February 14, 2023, of principle of a convertible note was converted at to common shares. On February 22, 2023, of principle of a convertible note was converted at to common shares. On March 01, 2023, of principle of a convertible note was converted at to common shares. On March 08, 2023, of principle and interest of a convertible note was converted at to common shares. F-17 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. MAPTELLIGENT, INC. By: /s/ Joseph Cosio-Barron Joseph Cosio-Barron Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated: Name Title Date /s/ Joseph Cosio-Barron Chief Executive Officer, President March 31, 2023 Joseph Cosio-Barron and Director (principal executive officer) /s/ Richard Ziccardi Chief Financial Officer March 31, 2023 Richard Ziccardi (principal financial and accounting officer) /s/Glenn Corso Chairman of the Board March 31, 2023 Glenn Corso 26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mapt_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 mapt_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Joseph Cosio-Barron, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Maptelligent, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Joseph Cosio-Barron Joseph Cosio-Barron Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mapt_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 mapt_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Richard Ziccardi, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Maptelligent, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Richard Ziccardi Richard Ziccardi Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mapt_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 mapt_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Maptelligent, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph Cosio-Barron, Chief Executive Officer and I, Richard Ziccardi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Joseph Cosio-Barron Joseph Cosio-Barron Chief Executive Officer Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Richard Ziccardi Richard Ziccardi Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 mapt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mapt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 mapt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mapt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

