<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1514183_0001213900-23-022813.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7178764</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>357528</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1415623</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1665062</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1848042</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1725837</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-022813.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324162147
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-022813
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Silo Pharma, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001514183
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	APPAREL & OTHER FINISHED PRODS OF FABRICS & SIMILAR MATERIAL [2300]
		IRS NUMBER:				462137136
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41512
		FILM NUMBER:		23760106

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		560 SYLVAN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3160
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD CLIFFS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07632
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(718) 400-9031

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		560 SYLVAN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3160
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD CLIFFS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07632

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Uppercut Brands, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190808

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Point Capital, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gold Swap Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-022813.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_silopharma.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code : 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022 was based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock
of 5.50 on the NASDAQ as of that date. 

Number of shares of common stock outstanding as
of March 23, 2023 was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: None. 

SILO PHARMA, INC. 

FORM 10-K 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 34 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 34 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 35 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 47 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 48 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections 
 48 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 49 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 52 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 57 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

Signatures 
 61 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained in this
report, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects,
plans and objectives of management and expected market growth, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as may, could, will, would, should, 
 expect, plan, , anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, 
 predict, seek, contemplate, project, continue, potential, 
 ongoing or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. 

Any forward-looking statements are qualified in
their entirety by reference to the risk factors discussed throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the risks, uncertainties
and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to: 

our ability to obtain additional funds for our operations; 

our financial performance; 

risks relating to the timing and costs of clinical trials and the timing and costs of other expenses; 

risks related to market acceptance of products; 

intellectual property risks; 

the impact of government regulation and developments relating to our competitors or our industry; 

our competitive position; 

our industry environment; 

our anticipated financial and operating results, including anticipated sources of revenues; 

assumptions regarding the size of the available market, benefits of our products, product pricing and timing of product launches; 

our estimates of our expenses, losses, future revenue and capital requirements, including our needs for additional financing; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified key management and technical personnel; 

statements regarding our goals, intensions, plans and expectations, including the introduction of new products and markets; and 

our cash needs and financing plans. 

These statements relate to future events or our
future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among
other things, those listed under the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 

Any forward-looking statement in this report reflects
our current view with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our
business, results of operations, industry and future growth. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this report completely and with the understanding
that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

This report also contains estimates, projections
and other information concerning our industry, our business and our markets, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets
and their projected growth rates. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections or similar methodologies is inherently
subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained these industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies
and similar data prepared by third parties, industry, and general publications, government data and similar sources. While we believe
that the reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by third parties are reliable, we have not independently verified
the data contained in them. 

You are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any
obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect any events or circumstances, whether as a
result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise, after the date hereof. New factors emerge from time to
time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our
business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements. We qualify all of the information presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and particularly our
forward-looking statements, by these cautionary statements. 

ii 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our business is subject to significant risks and
uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what we believe are the principal risk factors but
these risks are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in the
section titled Risk Factors, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following
risks actually occurs (or if any of those listed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K occur), our business, reputation, financial
condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. Additional risks and uncertainties that we
are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. 

Risks Related to our Financial Position and
Need for Capital 

We have only a limited history upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be made and have no history of profitable operations. 

We will require additional financing in the future to fund our operations, and raising additional capital may cause dilution to holders of our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain rights. 

Risks Related to our Rare Disease Therapeutics
Business 

Clinical drug development is a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain timelines and uncertain outcomes. If clinical trials of any future therapeutic candidates are prolonged or delayed, we or our current or future collaborators may be unable to obtain required regulatory approvals, and therefore we will be unable to commercialize our future therapeutic candidates on a timely basis or at all, which will adversely affect our business. 

Any therapeutic candidates we may develop in the future may be subject to controlled substance laws and regulations in the territories where the product will be marketed, and failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or the cost of compliance with these laws and regulations, may adversely affect the results of our business operations and our financial condition. Specifically, psilocybin and psilocin are listed as Schedule I controlled substances under the Controlled Substances Act in the U.S., and similar controlled substance legislation in other countries and any significant breaches in our compliance with these laws and regulations, or changes in the laws and regulations may result in interruptions to our development activity or business continuity. 

Our product candidates may contain controlled substances, the use of which may generate public controversy. Adverse publicity or public perception regarding psilocybin or our current or future investigational therapies using psilocybin may negatively influence the success of these therapies. 

Even if any of our future therapeutic candidates obtain regulatory approval, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense or penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements. 

If we are unable to enroll patients in our clinical trials, our research and development efforts and business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

We have never commercialized a therapeutic candidate before and may lack the necessary expertise, personnel and resources to successfully commercialize our therapies on our own or with suitable collaborators. 

iii 

The future commercial success of our future therapeutic candidates will depend on the degree of market access and acceptance of our potential therapies as well as the extent to which governmental authorities and health insurers establish adequate reimbursement levels and pricing policies. 

We may become exposed to costly and damaging liability claims, and our product liability insurance may not cover all damages from such claims. 

Enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize any of our future therapeutic candidates and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our business operations and current and future relationships with investigators, health care professionals, consultants, third-party payors and customers may be subject, directly or indirectly, to U.S. federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws, other healthcare laws and regulations and other foreign privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 

Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property
Rights 

The failure to obtain or maintain patents, licensing agreements and other intellectual property could materially impact our ability to compete effectively. 

If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we may license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose rights that are important to our business. 

General Risk Factors 

We have never paid cash dividends and have no plans to pay cash dividends in the future. 

If we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the NASDAQ which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. 

Our common stock could be subject to extreme volatility. Market and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition and share price. 

Future sales and issuances of our securities could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our share price to fall. 

The majority of our cash is held in accounts at U.S. banking institutions that we believe are of high quality. Cash held in non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing operating accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. If such banking institutions were to fail, we could lose all or a portion of those amounts held in excess of such insurance limitations. While the FDIC took control of one such banking institution, Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), on March 10, 2023, and the FDIC also took control of Signature Bank Signature Bank on March 12, 2023, we did not have any accounts with SVB or Signature Bank and therefore did not experience any specific risk of loss. The FDIC also announced that account holders would be made whole. As the FDIC continues to address the situation with SVB, Signature Bank and other similarly situated banking institutions, the risk of loss in excess of insurance limitations has generally increased. Any material loss that we may experience in the future could have an adverse effect on our ability to pay our operational expenses or make other payments. To mitigate our risk, in March 2023 we began transferring our cash to other banks to ensure that our exposure is limited or reduced to the FDIC protection limits. 

iv 

PART I 

Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the
 Company, Silo, we, us, and our refers to Silo Pharma, Inc. and its
subsidiary. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a developmental stage biopharmaceutical
company focused on merging traditional therapeutics with psychedelic research. We are committed to developing innovative solutions to
address a variety of underserved conditions. In these uncertain times, the mental health of the nation and beyond is being put to
the test. More than ever, creative new therapies are needed to address the health challenges of today. Combining our resources with world-class
medical research partners, we hope to make significant advances in the medical and psychedelic space. 

Rare Disease Therapeutics 

We seek to acquire and/or develop intellectual
property or technology rights from leading universities and researchers to treat rare diseases, including the use of psychedelic drugs,
such as psilocybin, and the potential benefits they may have in certain cases involving depression, mental health issues and neurological
disorders. We are focused on merging traditional therapeutics with psychedelic research for people suffering from indications such
as depression, post-traumatic stress disorder PTSD ), Parkinson s, and other rare neurological disorders. Our mission
is to identify assets to license and fund the research which we believe will be transformative to the well-being of patients and the health
care industry. 

Psilocybin is considered a serotonergic hallucinogen
and is an active ingredient in some species of mushrooms. Recent industry studies using psychedelics, such as psilocybin, have been promising,
and we believe there is a large unmet need with many people suffering from depression, mental health issues and neurological disorders.
While classified as a Schedule I substance under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ), there is an accumulating body of evidence
that psilocybin may have beneficial effects on depression and other mental health conditions. Therefore, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency DEA have permitted the use of psilocybin in clinical studies for
the treatment of a range of psychiatric conditions. 

The potential of psilocybin therapy in mental
health conditions has been demonstrated in a number of academic-sponsored studies over the last decade. In these early studies, it was
observed that psilocybin therapy provided rapid reductions in depression symptoms after a single high dose, with antidepressant effects
lasting for up to at least six months for a number of patients. These studies assessed symptoms related to depression and anxiety through
a number of widely used and validated scales. The data generated by these studies suggest that psilocybin is generally well-tolerated
and may have the potential to treat depression when administered with psychological support. 

We have engaged in discussions with a number of
world-renowned educational institutions and advisors regarding potential opportunities and have formed a scientific advisory board that
is intended to help advise management regarding potential acquisition and development of products. 

In addition, as more fully described below, we
have entered into a license agreement with the University of Maryland, Baltimore, and have entered into a joint venture with Zyl 
Therapeutics, Inc., with respect to certain intellectual property and technology that may be used for targeted delivery of potential novel
treatments. In addition, we have recently entered into a sponsored research agreement with Columbia University pursuant to which we have
been granted an option to license certain patents and inventions relating to the treatment of Alzheimer s disease and stress-induced
affective disorders using Ketamine in combination with certain other compounds. 

We plan to actively pursue the acquisition and/or
development of intellectual property or technology rights to treat rare diseases, and to ultimately expand our business to focus on this
new line of business. 

1 

License Agreements between the Company and
Vendor 

Vendor License Agreement with the University
of Maryland, Baltimore for CNS Homing Peptide 

On February 12, 2021, we entered into a Master
License Agreement (the UMB License Agreement with the University of Maryland, Baltimore UMB pursuant to
which UMB granted us an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable, royalty-bearing license to certain intellectual property (i) to make, have
made, use, sell, offer to sell, and import certain licensed products and (ii) to use the invention titled, Central nervous system-homing
peptides in vivo and their use for the investigation and treatment of multiple sclerosis and other neuroinflammatory pathology 
(the Invention and UMB s confidential information to develop and perform certain licensed processes for the therapeutic
treatment of neuroinflammatory disease. The term of the License Agreement shall commence on the UMB Effective Date and shall continue
until the latest of (i) ten years from the date of First Commercial Sale (as defined in the Sublicense Agreement) of the Licensed Product
in such country and (ii) the date of expiration of the last to expire claim of the Patent Rights (as defined in the UMB License Agreement)
covering such Licensed Product in such country, or (iii) the expiration of data protection, new chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity,
regulatory exclusivity, or other legally enforceable market exclusivity, if applicable, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms
of the agreement. Pursuant to the UMB License Agreement, we agreed to pay UMB (i) a license fee of 75,000, (ii) certain event-based milestone
payments, (iii) royalty payments, depending on net revenues, (iv) minimum royalty payments, and (v) a tiered percentage of sublicense
income. The UMB License Agreement will remain in effect until the later of: (a) the last patent covered under the UMB License Agreement
expires, (b) the expiration of data protection, new chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity, regulatory exclusivity, or other legally
enforceable market exclusivity, if applicable, or (c) ten years after the first commercial sale of a licensed product in that country,
unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of the UMB License Agreement. The term of the UMB License Agreement shall
expire 15 years after the effective date in which (a) there were never any patent rights, (b) there was never any data protection, new
chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity, regulatory exclusivity, or other legally enforceable market exclusivity or (c) there was never
a first commercial sale of a licensed product. 

As described below, the Company has entered into
an investigator sponsored research agreement with UMB related to a clinical study to examine a novel peptide-guided drug delivery approach
for the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis. 

Commercial Evaluation License and Option Agreement
with UMB for Joint Homing Peptide 

Effective as of February 26, 2021, the Company,
through its wholly-subsidiary, Silo Pharma, Inc., and University of Maryland, Baltimore UMB ), entered into a commercial
evaluation license and option agreement License Agreement ), which granted the Company an exclusive, non-sublicensable,
non-transferable license to with respect to the exploration of the potential use of joint-homing peptides for use in the investigation
and treatment of arthritogenic processes. The License Agreement also granted the Company an exclusive option to negotiate and obtain an
exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-bearing license Exclusive Option to with respect to the subject technology. The License
Agreement had a term of six months from the effective date. Both parties could have terminated the License Agreement within thirty days
by giving a written notice. 

On July 6, 2021, the Company entered into a First
Amendment Agreement Amended License Agreement with UMB to extend the term of the original License Agreement by an additional
six months such that the Amended License Agreement was effective until February 25, 2022 however, if the Company exercises the Exclusive
Option, the License Agreement shall expire at the end of the negotiation period (as defined in the License Agreement) or upon execution
of a master license agreement, whichever occurs first. The Company paid a license fee of 10,000 to UMB in March 2021 pursuant to the
License Agreement, which was expensed, since the Company could not conclude that such costs would be recoverable for this early-stage
venture. 

On January 28, 2022, the Company and University
of Maryland, Baltimore entered into a second amendment to the License Agreement dated February 26, 2021 Second Amendment ).
The Second Amendment extended the term of the License Agreement until December 31, 2022. However, if the Company exercises the Exclusive
Option, the License Agreement shall expire at the end of the negotiation period (as defined in the License Agreement) or upon execution
of a master license agreement, whichever occurs first. 

On June 22, 2022, the Company and UMB entered
into a third amendment to the License Agreement dated February 26, 2021 under which UMB agreed, to expand the scope of the license granted
in the CELA to add additional Patent Rights with respect to an invention generally known as Peptide-Targeted Liposomal Delivery
for Treatment Diagnosis, and Imaging of Diseases and Disorders. On December 16, 2022, the Company and UMB entered into a fourth
amendment to License Agreement (the Fourth Amendment dated February 26, 2021 to extend the term of the License Agreement
until March 31, 2023. In addition, the parties agreed in the Fourth Amendment to allow the Company to extend the term of the License Agreement
to June 30, 2023 by paying UMB a fee of 1,000 on or before February 28, 2023. This fee was paid and thus the term of the License Agreement
was extended to June 30, 2023. 

2 

Joint Venture Agreement with Zyl Therapeutics,
Inc. for Z-pod Technology 

On April 22, 2021, the Company entered into a
Joint Venture Agreement with Zyl Therapeutics, Inc. ZTI pursuant to which the parties agreed to form a joint venture
entity, to be named Ketamine Joint Venture, LLC, to, among other things, focus on the clinical development of ketamine using ZTI s
Z-pod technology. Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement, the Company shall act as the manager of the Joint Venture. The Venture
shall terminate if the development program does not meet certain specifications and milestones as set forth in the Joint Venture Agreement
within 30 days of the date set forth in the Joint Venture Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Manager may, in its sole discretion,
terminate the Venture at any time. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Joint Venture
Agreement, (A) the Company shall contribute (1) 225,000 and (2) its expertise and the expertise of its science advisory board and
(B) ZTI shall contribute (1) certain rights to certain of its patented technology as set forth in the JV Agreement, (2) a license to the
know-how and trade secrets with respect to its Z-pod technology for the loading and release of ketamine, (3) ketamine to be used
for clinical purposes, (4) reasonable use of its facilities and permits and (5) its expertise and know-how. Pursuant to the Joint Venture
Agreement, 51 of the interest in the Joint Venture shall initially be owned by the Company and 49 of the interest in the Joint Venture
shall initially be owned by ZTI, subject to adjustment in the event of additional contributions by either party. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in no event shall either party own more than 60 of the interest in the Joint Venture. As of December 31, 2022 and as of the current date
of this Annual Report, the joint venture entity has not been formed yet. 

Furthermore, pursuant to the terms of the JV Agreement,
ZTI shall grant the Joint Venture a sublicense pursuant to its license agreement (the License Agreement with Albert Einstein
College of Medicine dated November 27, 2017, in the event that the Company or a third party makes a request indicating that the patented
technology (the Patented Technology licensed to ZTI pursuant to the License Agreement is needed to advance the development
of the Joint Venture or it is contemplated or determined that the Patented Technology will be sold. Furthermore, pursuant to the JV Agreement,
ZTI granted the Company an exclusive option to enter into a separate joint venture for the clinical development of psilocybin using ZTI s
Z-pod technology on the same terms and conditions set forth in the JV Agreement, which option shall expire 24 months after the
JV Effective Date. 

Investigator-Sponsored Study Agreements between
the Company and Vendors 

Sponsored Research Agreement with Columbia
University for the Study of Ketamine in Combination with Other Drugs for Treatment of Alzheimer s and Depression Disorders 

On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a
sponsored research agreement with Columbia University Columbia pursuant to which Columbia shall conduct two different
studies related to all uses of Ketamine or its metabolites in combination with Prucalopride, one of which is related to Alzheimer s
and the other of which is related to Depression, PTSD and Stress Projects. In addition, Company has been granted an option to license
certain assets currently under development, including Alzheimer s disease. The term of the option will commence on the effective
date of this agreement and will expire upon the earlier of (i) 90 days after the date of the Company s receipt of a final research
report for each specific research proposal as defined in the agreement or (ii) termination of the research. If the Company elects to exercise
the option, both parties will commence negotiation of a license agreement and will execute a license agreement no later than 3 months
after the dated of the exercise of the option. Columbia University and the Company will work towards developing a therapeutic treatment
for patients suffering from Alzheimer s disease to posttraumatic stress disorder. During a one-year period from the date of this
agreement, the Company shall pay a total of 1,436,082 to Columbia University for the support of the research according to the payment
schedule as follows: (i) 30 at signing, (ii) 30 at four and half months after the start of the project, (iii) 30 at nine months after
the start of the project and, (iv)10 at completion of the project. On October 13, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment of the
sponsored research agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the payment schedule until March 31, 2024. The Company paid
the first payment of 430,825 in November 2021 and the second payment of 430,825 in July 2022. 

3 

Sponsored Research Agreement with University
of Maryland, Baltimore for the Study of Targeted liposomal drug delivery for rheumatoid arthritis 

On July 6, 2021, we entered into a sponsored research
agreement (the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement with UMB pursuant to which UMB shall evaluate the pharmacokinetics
of dexamethasone delivered to arthritic rats via liposome. The research pursuant to the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement commenced
on September 1, 2021 and will continue until the substantial completion thereof, subject to renewal upon written consent of the parties
with a project timeline of twelve months. The July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement may be terminated by either party upon 30 days 
prior written notice to the other party. In addition, if either party commits any material breach of or defaults with respect to any terms
or conditions of the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement and fails to remedy such default or breach within 10 business days after written
notice from the other party, the party giving notice may terminate the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement as of the date of receipt
of such notice by the other party. If the Company terminates the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement for any reason other than an uncured
material breach by UMB, we shall relinquish any and all rights it may have in the Results (as defined in the July 2021 Sponsored Research
Agreement) to UMB. In addition, if the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement is terminated early, we, among other things, will pay all
costs incurred and accrued by UMB as of the date of termination. Pursuant to the terms of the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement,
UMB granted us an option (the Option to negotiate and obtain an exclusive license to any UMB Arising IP (as defined in
the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement) and UMB s rights in any Joint Arising IP (as defined in the July 2021 Sponsored Research
Agreement) (collectively, the UMB IP ). We may exercise the Option by giving UMB written notice within 60 days after it receives
notice from UMB of the UMB IP. We shall pay total fees of 276,285 as set forth in the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement. The Company
paid the first payment of 92,095 on September 1, 2021 and on August 31, 2022, the Company paid the second payment of 92,095. 

Sponsored Research Agreement with The Regents
of the University of California for the Effect of Psilocybin on Inflammation in the Blood 

On June 1, 2021, the Company entered into a sponsored
research agreement Sponsored Research Agreement with The Regents of the University of California, on behalf of its San
Francisco Campus UCSF pursuant to which UCSF shall conduct a study to examine psilocybin s effect on inflammatory
activity in humans to accelerate its implementation as a potential treatment for Parkinson s Disease, chronic pain, and bipolar
disorder. The purpose of this is to show what effect psilocybin has on inflammation in the blood. The Company believe that this study
will help support the UMB homing peptide study. Pursuant to the Agreement, we shall pay UCSF a total fee of 342,850 to conduct the research
over the two-year period. The Agreement shall be effective for a period of two years from the effective date, subject to renewal or earlier
termination as set forth in the Sponsored Research Agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, pursuant to the Sponsored
Research Agreement, the Company paid to UCSF 181,710 and 100,570, respectively. 

Investigator-Sponsored Study Agreement with
UMB for CNS Homing Peptide 

On January 5, 2021, we entered into an investigator-sponsored
study agreement with UMB. The research project is a clinical study to examine a novel peptide-guided drug delivery approach for the treatment
of Multiple Sclerosis MS ). More specifically, the study is designed to evaluate (1) whether MS-1-displaying liposomes can
effectively deliver dexamethasone to the central nervous system and (2) whether MS-1-displaying liposomes are superior to plain liposomes,
also known as free drug, in inhibiting the relapses and progression of Experimental Autoimmune Encephalomyelitis. Pursuant to the agreement,
the research commenced on March 1, 2021 and will continue until substantial completion, subject to renewal upon mutual written consent
of the parties. The total cost under the investigator-sponsored study agreement shall not exceed 81,474. which is payable in two
equal installments of 40,737 upon execution of the Sponsored Study Agreement and 40,737 upon completion of the project with an estimated
project timeline of nine months. The Company paid 40,737 on January 13, 2021. This project was postponed until further notice and the
second payment is not due. 

Investigator-Sponsored Study Agreement with
Maastricht University of the Netherlands 

On November 1, 2020, we entered into an investigator-sponsored
study agreement with Maastricht University of the Netherlands. The research project is a clinical study to examine the effects of repeated
low doses of psilocybin and lysergic acid diethylamide on cognitive and emotional dysfunctions in Parkinson s disease and to
understand its mechanism of action. The agreement shall terminate on October 31, 2024, unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms
thereof. We shall pay a total fee of 433,885 Euros 507,602 USD) exclusive of value added tax based on a payment schedule set forth in
the agreement. In December 2020, the Company paid the first payment of 101,520. In September 2021, we notified Maastricht University
of Netherlands for an early termination of this agreement. Maastricht University of Netherlands has not reached the second phase which
is to obtain approval from ethical committee. We have no further obligation after the termination. 

4 

Other License Agreements between the Company
and a Customer 

Customer Patent License Agreement with Aikido
Pharma Inc. 

On January 5, 2021, we entered into a Patent License
Agreement (the Aikido License Agreement with our wholly-owned subsidiary, Silo Pharma, Inc., and Aikido Pharma Inc. Aikido pursuant to which we granted Aikido an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable, royalty-bearing license to certain intellectual property (i)
to make, have made, use, provide, import, export, lease, distribute, sell, offer for sale, develop and advertise certain licensed products
and (ii) to develop and perform certain licensed processes for the treatment of cancer and symptoms caused by cancer. The Aikido License
Agreement relates to the rights which we had obtained under the UMB Option Agreement. Pursuant to the Aikido License Agreement, we agreed
that if we exercised the UMB Option, we would grant Aikido a non-exclusive sublicense to certain UMB patent rights in the field of neuroinflammatory
diseases occurring in patients diagnosed with cancer. The UMB Option was exercised on January 13, 2021. Accordingly, on April 6, 2021,
we entered into a sublicense agreement with Aikido pursuant to which we granted Aikido a worldwide exclusive sublicense to our licensed
patents under the UMB License Agreement. (See Sublicense with Aikido Pharma Inc. ). 

Customer Sublicense Agreement with Aikido
Pharma Inc. 

On April 6, 2021 Effective Date ),
we entered into a sublicense agreement (the Sublicense Agreement with Aikido pursuant to which we granted Aikido an exclusive
worldwide sublicense to (i) make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell and import the Licensed Products (as defined below) and (ii) in
connection therewith to (A) use the Invention that was sublicensed to us pursuant to the UMB License Agreement and (B) practice certain
patent rights as set forth in the Sublicense Agreement (the Patent Rights for the therapeutic treatment of neuroinflammatory
disease in cancer patients. Licensed Products means any product, service, or process, the development, making, use, offer
for sale, sale, importation, or providing of which: (i) is covered by one or more claims of the Patent Rights; or (ii) contains, comprises,
utilizes, incorporates, or is derived from the Invention or any technology disclosed in the Patent Rights. Pursuant to the Sublicense
Agreement, Aikido shall agree to pay the Company (i) an upfront license fee of 50,000, (ii) the same sales-based royalty payments
that we are subject to under the UMB License Agreement and (iii) total milestone payments of up to 1.9 million. The Sublicense Agreement
shall continue on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and country-by-country basis until the later of (i) the date of expiration of
the last to expire claim of the Patent Rights covering such Licensed Product in such country, (ii) the expiration of data protection,
new chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity, regulatory exclusivity or other legally enforceable market exclusivity, if applicable and
(iii) 10 years after the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in that country, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms
of the Sublicense Agreement. Furthermore, the Sublicense Agreement shall expire 15 years after the Effective Date with respect to any
country in which (i) there were never any Patent Rights, (ii) there was never any data protection, new chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity,
regulatory exclusivity or other legally enforceable market exclusivity with respect to a Licensed Product and (ii) there was never a commercial
sale of a Licensed Product, unless such agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to its terms. The Company collected the upfront license
fee of 50,000 in April 2021. 

COVID-19 

The outbreak of the novel Coronavirus (COVID-19)
evolved into a global pandemic. The Coronavirus has spread to many regions of the world. The extent to which the Coronavirus impacts the
Company s business and operating results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted,
including new information that may emerge concerning the Coronavirus and the actions to contain the Coronavirus or treat its impact, among
others. 

As a result of the continuing spread of the Coronavirus,
certain aspects of the Company s business operations may be delayed or subject to interruptions. Specifically, as a result of the
shelter-in-place orders and other mandated local travel restrictions, among other things, the research and development activities of certain
of the Company s partners may be affected, which may result in delays to the Company s clinical trials, and the Company can
provide no assurance as to when such trials, if delayed, will resume at this time or the revised timeline to complete trials once resumed. 

Furthermore, site initiation, participant recruitment
and enrollment, participant dosing, distribution of clinical trial materials, study monitoring and data analysis may be delayed due to
changes in hospital or university policies, federal, state or local regulations, prioritization of hospital resources toward pandemic
efforts, or other reasons related to the pandemic. If the Coronavirus continues to spread, some participants and clinical investigators
may not be able to comply with clinical trial protocols. For example, quarantines or other travel limitations (whether voluntary or required)
may impede participant movement, affect sponsor access to study sites, or interrupt healthcare services, and the Company may be unable
to conduct its clinical trials. 

5 

Infections and deaths related to the pandemic
may disrupt the United States healthcare and healthcare regulatory systems. Such disruptions could divert healthcare resources
away from, or materially delay U.S. Food and Drug Administration review and/or approval with respect to the Company s clinical trials.
It is unknown how long these disruptions could continue, were they to occur. Any elongation or de-prioritization of the Company s
clinical trials or delay in regulatory review resulting from such disruptions could materially affect the development and study of the
Company s product candidates. 

The spread of the Coronavirus, which has caused
a broad impact globally, including restrictions on travel and quarantine policies put into place by businesses and governments, may have
a material economic effect on the Company s business. While the potential economic impact brought by and the duration of the pandemic
may be difficult to assess or predict, it has already caused, and is likely to result in further, significant disruption of global financial
markets, which may negatively impact the Company s ability to access capital on favorable terms, if at all. In addition, a recession,
depression or other sustained adverse market event resulting from the spread of the Coronavirus could materially and adversely affect
the Company s business and the value of its common stock. 

The ultimate impact of the current pandemic, or
any other health epidemic, is highly uncertain and subject to change. The Company does not yet know the full extent of potential delays
or impacts on its business, its clinical trials, its research programs, healthcare systems or the global economy as a whole. However,
these effects could have a material impact on the Company s operations, and the Company will continue to monitor the situation closely. 

Intellectual Property 

Our goal is to obtain, maintain and enforce patent
protection for our products, formulations, processes, methods and other proprietary technologies, preserve our trade secrets, and operate
without infringing on the proprietary rights of other parties. Our policy is to actively seek the broadest intellectual property protection
possible for our products, proprietary information and proprietary technology through a combination of contractual arrangements and patents.
Specifically, we try to ensure that we own intellectual property created for us by signing agreements with employees, independent contractors,
consultants, companies, and any other third party that create intellectual property for us or that assign any intellectual property rights
to us. In addition, we have established business procedures designed to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information, including
the use of confidentiality agreements with employees, independent contractors, consultants and entities with which we conduct business. 

To date, we filed three pending U.S. patent applications,
one pending PCT application and one pending provisions application related to the use of the central nervous system-homing peptides covered
by the UMB Option Agreement to deliver certain compounds, including a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug and/or psilocybin, for the treatment
of arthritis, central nervous system diseases, neurological diseases as well as cancer. 

Competition 

With respect to the rare disease therapeutics
segment of our business, our industry is characterized by many newly emerging and innovative technologies, intense competition and a strong
emphasis on proprietary product rights. We face potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and medical research organizations. Any product
candidates that we may successfully develop and commercialize will compete with the standard of care and new therapies that may become
available in the future. 

Many of the pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies with whom we may compete have established markets for their therapies and have substantially greater financial,
technical, human and other resources than we do and may be better equipped to develop, manufacture and market superior products or therapies.
In addition, many of these potential competitors have significantly greater experience than we have in undertaking non-clinical studies
and human clinical trials of new therapeutic substances and in obtaining regulatory approvals of human therapeutic products. Accordingly,
our competitors may succeed in obtaining regulatory approvals for alternative or superior products. In addition, many competitors have
greater name recognition and more extensive collaborative relationships. Smaller and earlier-stage companies may also prove to be significant
competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. An increasing number of companies are
increasing their efforts in discovery of new psychedelic compounds. 

6 

Government Regulation 

The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal,
state and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing,
manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, recordkeeping, approval,
advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring and post-approval reporting of drugs. We, along with any potential our vendors,
contract research organizations and contract manufacturers, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical, manufacturing
and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek
approval of our product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals of drugs and ensuring subsequent compliance with appropriate
federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 

In the United States, the US Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) regulates drug products under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), its implementing regulations and other laws. If we
fail to comply with applicable FDA or other requirements at any time with respect to product development, clinical testing, approval or
any other legal requirements relating to product manufacture, processing, handling, storage, quality control, safety, marketing, advertising,
promotion, packaging, labeling, export, import, distribution, or sale, we may become subject to administrative or judicial sanctions or
other legal consequences. These sanctions or consequences could include, among other things, the FDA s refusal to approve pending
applications, issuance of clinical holds for ongoing studies, suspension or revocation of approved applications, warning or untitled letters,
product withdrawals or recalls, product seizures, relabeling or repackaging, total or partial suspensions of manufacturing or distribution,
injunctions, fines, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. 

The process required by the FDA before any product
candidates are approved as drugs for therapeutic indications and may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

Completion of extensive preclinical studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies conducted in accordance with good laboratory practice requirements; 

Completion of the manufacture, under current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) requirements, of the drug substance and drug product that the sponsor intends to use in human clinical trials along with required analytical and stability testing; 

Submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application IND which must become effective before clinical trials may begin; 

Approval by an institutional review board or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated; 

Performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, good clinical practice (GCP) requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication; 

Submission to the FDA of a New Drug Application NDA 

Payment of user fees for FDA review of the NDA; 

A determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA, to accept the filing for review; 

Satisfactory completion of one or more FDA pre-approval inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug will be produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

Potentially, satisfactory completion of FDA audit of the clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States. 

7 

Controlled Substances 

The federal Controlled Substances Act (CSA) and
its implementing regulations establish a closed system of regulations for controlled substances. The CSA imposes registration,
security, recordkeeping and reporting, storage, manufacturing, distribution, importation and other requirements under the oversight of
the DEA. The DEA is the federal agency responsible for regulating controlled substances, and requires those individuals or entities that
manufacture, import, export, distribute, research, or dispense controlled substances to comply with the regulatory requirements in order
to prevent the diversion of controlled substances to illicit channels of commerce. 

The DEA categorizes controlled substances into
one of five schedules Schedule I, II, III, IV or V with varying qualifications for listing
in each schedule. Schedule I substances by definition have a high potential for abuse, have no currently accepted medical use in treatment
in the United States and lack accepted safety for use under medical supervision. Pharmaceutical products having a currently accepted medical
use that are otherwise approved for marketing may be listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V substances, with Schedule II substances presenting
the highest potential for abuse and physical or psychological dependence, and Schedule V substances presenting the lowest relative potential
for abuse and dependence. 

Facilities that manufacture, distribute, import
or export any controlled substance must register annually with the DEA. The DEA registration is specific to the particular location, activity(ies)
and controlled substance schedule(s). 

The DEA inspects all manufacturing facilities
to review security, recordkeeping, reporting and handling prior to issuing a controlled substance registration. The specific security
requirements vary by the type of business activity and the schedule and quantity of controlled substances handled. The most stringent
requirements apply to manufacturers of Schedule I and Schedule II substances. Required security measures commonly include background checks
on employees and physical control of controlled substances through storage in approved vaults, safes and cages, and through use of alarm
systems and surveillance cameras. Once registered, manufacturing facilities must maintain records documenting the manufacture, receipt
and distribution of all controlled substances. Manufacturers must submit periodic reports to the DEA of the distribution of Schedule I
and II controlled substances, Schedule III narcotic substances, and other designated substances. Registrants must also report any controlled
substance thefts or significant losses, and must obtain authorization to destroy or dispose of controlled substances. Imports of Schedule
I and II controlled substances for commercial purposes are generally restricted to substances not already available from a domestic supplier
or where there is not adequate competition among domestic suppliers. In addition to an importer or exporter registration, importers and
exporters must obtain a permit for every import or export of a Schedule I and II substance or Schedule III, IV and V narcotic, and submit
import or export declarations for Schedule III, IV and V non-narcotics. In some cases, Schedule III non-narcotic substances may be subject
to the import/export permit requirement, if necessary, to ensure that the United States complies with its obligations under international
drug control treaties. 

For drugs manufactured in the United States, the
DEA establishes annually an aggregate quota for the amount of substances within Schedules I and II that may be manufactured or produced
in the United States based on the DEA s estimate of the quantity needed to meet legitimate medical, scientific, research and industrial
needs. The quotas apply equally to the manufacturing of the active pharmaceutical ingredient and production of dosage forms. The DEA may
adjust aggregate production quotas a few times per year, and individual manufacturing or procurement quotas from time to time during the
year, although the DEA has substantial discretion in whether or not to make such adjustments for individual companies. 

The states also maintain separate controlled substance
laws and regulations, including licensing, recordkeeping, security, distribution, and dispensing requirements. State authorities, including
boards of pharmacy, regulate use of controlled substances in each state. Failure to maintain compliance with applicable requirements,
particularly as manifested in the loss or diversion of controlled substances, can result in enforcement action that could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations,
or initiate proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal prosecution. 

8 

Employees 

As of March 23, 2023, we employed a total of three
full-time employees. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements. We believe that we maintain good relations with our employees. 

Corporate History 

We were incorporated as Gold Swap, Inc. Gold Swap under
the laws of the State of New York on July 13, 2010. 

On December 11, 2012, stockholders approved changing
our state of incorporation from New York to Delaware via the merger of Gold Swap with and into our wholly-owned subsidiary, Point Capital,
Inc., and to change our name from Gold Swap Inc. to Point Capital, Inc . The merger was effective on January
24, 2013. 

On May 21, 2019, we amended our Certificate of
Incorporation to change our name to Uppercut Brands, Inc, and on September 24, 2020, we amended our Certificate of
Incorporation to change our name to Silo Pharma, Inc. . 

Through September 28, 2018, we were a closed-end,
non-diversified investment company that had elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act
of 1940 (the Investment Company Act ). As a business development company, we were required to comply with certain regulatory
requirements. For instance, we generally had to invest at least 70 of our total assets in qualifying assets , including
securities of private U.S. companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt investments that mature
in one year or less. 

On September 29, 2018, we filed Form N-54C, Notification
of Withdrawal of election to be Subject to Section 55 through 65 of the Investment Company Act, because we changed the nature of our business
so as to cease to be a business development company. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2018, our consolidated financial statements of have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

As a result of this change in status, we discontinued
applying the guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 946 - Financial Services Investment Company and account for the change in our status prospectively by accounting for our
equity investments in accordance with ASC Topics 320 - Investments Debt and Equity Securities as of the date of the change in status.
In addition, the presentation of the financial statements are that of a commercial company rather than that of an investment company. 

In accordance with ASC 946, we made this change
to our financial reporting prospectively, and did not restate periods prior to our change in status to a non-investment company effective
September 29, 2018. Accordingly, we may refer to both accounting in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles applicable
to corporations Corporation Accounting ), which applied commencing September 29, 2018 and to that applicable to investment
companies under the Investment Company Act Investment Company Accounting which applied to prior periods. We determined
that there is no cumulative effect of the change from Investment Company Accounting to Corporation Accounting on periods prior to those
presented, and that there is no effect on our financial position or results of operations as a result of this change. 

In order to maintain our status as a non-investment
company, we will continue to operate so as to fall outside the definition of an investment company or within an applicable
exception. We expect to continue to operate outside the definition of an investment company as a developmental stage company
primarily engaged in merging traditional therapeutics with psychedelic research. 

Through March 31, 2017, we elected to be treated
as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and operated
in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. At March 31, 2017, we failed the diversification test since our
investment in Ipsidy Inc. accounted for over 25 of our total assets. We did not cure our failure to retain our status as a RIC and we
will not seek to obtain RIC status again. Accordingly, beginning in 2017, we became subject to income taxes at corporate tax rates. The
loss of our status as a RIC did not have any impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

9 

Currently, we are not making any new equity investments. 

On September 29, 2018, we entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement with Blind Faith Concepts Holdings, Inc. pursuant to which we completed the acquisition of 100 of the assets of NFID
from the seller which consisted of three trademarks related to the NFID brand, the NFID website, shoe designs and samples, and the assumption
of a one-year Brand Ambassador Agreement in exchange for 2,000,000 shares of our common stock. NFID is a recently developed unisex clothing
brand. We plan on continuing product development to fully launch the product. Our acquisition of the NFID assets gives us access to the
growing market for unisex products. 

On November 5, 2018, we entered into 14 separate
Return to Treasury Agreements, whereby certain stockholders holding an aggregate of 28,734,901 shares of our common stock agreed to return
a portion of their respective holdings to treasury in exchange for cash payments aggregating 2,872. As a result, the total issued and
outstanding number of our common stock was reduced by 28,734,901 shares. 

On April 8, 2020, we incorporated a wholly-owned
subsidiary, Silo Pharma Inc., in the State of Florida. 

Our Corporate Information 

We were incorporated as in the State of New York
on July 13, 2010. On January 24, 2013, the Company changed its state of incorporation from New York to Delaware. Our principal executive
offices are located at 560 Sylvan Avenue, Suite 3160, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632 and our telephone number is (718) 400-9031. 

Available Information 

Our website address is www.silopharma.com .
The contents of, or information accessible through, our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our website address
is included in this document as an inactive textual reference only. We make our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments
to those reports, available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish
such reports to, the SEC. The public may read and copy the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at
100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the
SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other
information. The address of the SEC s website is www.sec.gov . The information contained in the SEC s website is not
intended to be a part of this filing. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information in this Annual Report on Form
10-K before investing in our common stock. Our business and results of operations could be seriously harmed by any of the following risks.
The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently
deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. If any of the following
events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the value
and trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and
Need for Capital 

We have only a limited history upon which
an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be made and have no history of profitable operations. 

We commenced operations in 2010 and have a limited
history upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be made and have no history of profitable operations. We
may sustain losses in the future as we implement our business plan. [We have not yet achieved positive cash flow on a monthly basis during
any fiscal year including the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and there can be no assurance that we will ever generate revenues or
operate profitably.] 

10 

We will require additional financing in
the future to fund our operations. 

We will need additional capital in the future
to continue to execute our business plan. Therefore, we will be dependent upon additional capital in the form of either debt or equity
to continue our operations. At the present time, we do not have arrangements to raise all of the needed additional capital, and we will
need to identify potential investors and negotiate appropriate arrangements with them. Our ability to obtain additional financing will
be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance and investor sentiment. If we are unable to
raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue our operations. 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution
to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain rights. 

We may seek additional capital through a combination
of equity offerings, debt financings, strategic collaborations and alliances or licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional
capital through the sale of equity, convertible debt securities or other equity-based derivative securities, your ownership interest will
be diluted and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Any indebtedness
we incur could involve restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, acquire or license intellectual
property rights, declare dividends, make capital expenditures and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability
to conduct our business. Furthermore, the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such
issuance, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. If we raise additional funds through strategic collaborations and
alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights including to future therapeutic candidates
or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and
prospects. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional
funds when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts
or grant rights to develop and market our future therapeutic candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

Risks Related to our Rare Disease Therapeutics
Business 

Clinical drug development is a lengthy and
expensive process with uncertain timelines and uncertain outcomes. If clinical trials of any future therapeutic candidates are prolonged
or delayed, we or our current or future collaborators may be unable to obtain required regulatory approvals, and therefore we will be
unable to commercialize our future therapeutic candidates on a timely basis or at all, which will adversely affect our business. 

Clinical testing is expensive and can take many
years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process and our future
clinical trial results may not be successful. We may experience delays in initiating or completing our clinical trials. We may also experience
numerous unforeseen events during our clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize
any future therapeutic candidates. 

We cannot provide any assurance that any
product candidates will successfully complete clinical trials or receive regulatory approval, which is necessary before they can be commercialized. 

We currently have no therapies that are approved
for commercial sale and may never be able to develop marketable therapies. We entered into the Option Agreement with UMB pursuant to which,
UMB has granted us an exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license with respect to the exploration of the potential use of central
nervous system-homing peptides in vivo and their use for the investigation and treatment of MS and other neuroinflammatory pathology.
Accordingly, our business may depend on the successful regulatory approval of potential in-licensed product candidates. We cannot be certain
that any of our product candidates will receive regulatory approval or that our therapies will be successfully commercialized even if
we receive regulatory approval. 

The research, testing, manufacturing, safety,
efficacy, labeling, approval, sale, marketing, and distribution of any in-licensed product is, and will remain, subject to comprehensive
regulation by the FDA, the DEA, the European Medicines Agency EMA ), the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency MHRA and foreign regulatory authorities. 

11 

Any therapeutic candidates we may develop
in the future may be subject to controlled substance laws and regulations in the territories where the product will be marketed, and failure
to comply with these laws and regulations, or the cost of compliance with these laws and regulations, may adversely affect the results
of our business operations and our financial condition. 

In the United States, psychedelics, or psilocybin,
and its active metabolite, psilocin, are listed by the DEA as a Schedule I substance, under the CSA. The DEA regulates chemical compounds
as Schedule I, II, III, IV or V substances. Schedule I substances by definition have a high potential for abuse, have no currently accepted
medical use in the United States, lack accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and may not be prescribed marketed or
sold in the United States. Pharmaceutical products approved for use in the United States may be listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V, with
Schedule II substances considered to present the highest potential for abuse or dependence and Schedule V substances the lowest relative
risk of abuse among such substances. Schedule I and II substances are subject to the strictest controls under the CSA, including manufacturing
and procurement quotas, security requirements and criteria for importation. In addition, dispensing of Schedule II substances is further
restricted. For example, they may not be refilled without a new prescription and may have a black box warning. Further, most, if not all,
state laws in the United States classify psilocybin and psilocin as Schedule I controlled substances. For any product containing psilocybin
to be available for commercial marketing in the United States, psilocybin and psilocin must be rescheduled, or the product itself must
be scheduled, by the DEA to Schedule II, III, IV or V. Commercial marketing in the United States will also require scheduling-related
legislative or administrative action. 

Scheduling determinations by the DEA are dependent
on FDA approval of a substance or a specific formulation of a substance. Therefore, while psilocybin and psilocin are Schedule I controlled
substances, products approved by the FDA for medical use in the United States that contain psilocybin or psilocin should be placed in
Schedules II-V, since approval by the FDA satisfies the accepted medical use requirement. If one of our product candidates
receives FDA approval, we anticipate that the DEA may make a scheduling determination and place it in a schedule other than Schedule I
in order for it to be prescribed to patients in the United States. This scheduling determination will be dependent on FDA approval and
the FDA s recommendation as to the appropriate schedule. During the review process, and prior to approval, the FDA may determine
that it requires additional data, either from non-clinical or clinical studies, including with respect to whether, or to what extent,
the substance has abuse potential. This may introduce a delay into the approval and any potential rescheduling process. That delay would
be dependent on the quantity of additional data required by the FDA. This scheduling determination will require DEA to conduct notice
and comment rule making including issuing an interim final rule. Such action will be subject to public comment and requests for hearing
which could affect the scheduling of these substances. There can be no assurance that the DEA will make a favorable scheduling decision.
Even assuming categorization as a Schedule II or lower controlled substance (i.e., Schedule III, IV or V), at the federal level, such
substances would also require scheduling determinations under state laws and regulations. 

In addition, therapeutic candidates containing
controlled substances are subject to DEA regulations relating to manufacturing, storage, distribution and physician prescription procedures,
including: 

DEA registration and inspection of facilities. Facilities conducting research, manufacturing, distributing, importing or exporting, or dispensing controlled substances must be registered (licensed) to perform these activities and have the security, control, recordkeeping, reporting and inventory mechanisms required by the DEA to prevent drug loss and diversion. All these facilities must renew their registrations annually, except dispensing facilities, which must renew every three years. The DEA conducts periodic inspections of certain registered establishments that handle controlled substances. Obtaining and maintaining the necessary registrations may result in delay of the importation, manufacturing or distribution of product candidates. Furthermore, failure to maintain compliance with the CSA, particularly non-compliance resulting in loss or diversion, can result in regulatory action that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate proceedings to restrict, suspend or revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal proceedings. 

State-controlled substances laws. Individual U.S. states have also established controlled substance laws and regulations. Though state-controlled substances laws often mirror federal law, because the states are separate jurisdictions, they may separately schedule product candidates. While some states automatically schedule a drug based on federal action, other states schedule drugs through rule making or a legislative action. State scheduling may delay commercial sale of any product for which we obtain federal regulatory approval and adverse scheduling could have a material adverse effect on the commercial attractiveness of such product. We or any partners must also obtain separate state registrations, permits or licenses in order to be able to obtain, handle, and distribute controlled substances for clinical trials or commercial sale, and failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements could lead to enforcement and sanctions by the states in addition to those from the DEA or otherwise arising under federal law. 

12 

Clinical trials. Because any product candidates may contain psilocybin, to conduct clinical trials in the United States prior to approval, each of our research sites must submit a research protocol to the DEA and obtain and maintain a DEA researcher registration that will allow those sites to handle and dispense such product candidates and to obtain the product from our importer. If the DEA delays or denies the grant of a researcher registration to one or more research sites, the clinical trial could be significantly delayed, and we could lose clinical trial sites. 

Importation. If any of our product candidates is approved and classified as a Schedule II, III or IV substance, an importer can import it for commercial purposes if it obtains an importer registration and files an application for an import permit for each import. The DEA provides annual assessments/estimates to the International Narcotics Control Board, which guides the DEA in the amounts of controlled substances that the DEA authorizes to be imported. The failure to identify an importer or obtain the necessary import authority, including specific quantities, could affect the availability of our product candidates and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, an application for a Schedule II importer registration must be published in the Federal Register, and there is a waiting period for third-party comments to be submitted. It is always possible that adverse comments may delay the grant of an importer registration. 

Manufacture. If, because of a Schedule II classification or voluntarily, we were to conduct manufacturing or repackaging/relabeling in the United States, our contract manufacturers would be subject to the DEA s annual manufacturing and procurement quota requirements. 

Distribution. If any of our product candidates is scheduled as Schedule II, III or IV, we would also need to identify wholesale distributors with the appropriate DEA registrations and authority to distribute any future therapeutic candidates. These distributors would need to obtain Schedule II, III or IV distribution registrations. 

The potential reclassification of psilocybin
and psilocin in the United States could create additional regulatory burdens on our operations and negatively affect our results of operations. 

If psilocybin and/or psilocin, other than the
FDA-approved formulation, is rescheduled under the CSA as a Schedule II or lower controlled substance (i.e., Schedule III, IV or V), the
ability to conduct research on psilocybin and psilocin would most likely be improved. However, rescheduling psilocybin and psilocin may
materially alter enforcement policies across many federal agencies, primarily the FDA and DEA. The FDA is responsible for ensuring public
health and safety through regulation of food, drugs, supplements, and cosmetics, among other products, through its enforcement authority
pursuant to the FDCA. The FDA s responsibilities include but are not limited to regulating the ingredients as well as the marketing
and labeling of drugs sold in interstate commerce. Because it is currently illegal under federal law to produce and sell psilocybin and
psilocin, and because there are no federally recognized medical uses, the FDA has historically deferred enforcement related to psilocybin
and psilocin to the DEA. If psilocybin and psilocin were to be rescheduled to a federally controlled, yet legal, substance, the FDA would
likely play a more active regulatory role. The DEA would continue to be active in regulating manufacturing, distribution and dispensing
of such substances. The potential for multi-agency enforcement post-rescheduling could threaten or have a materially adverse effect on
our business. 

Psilocybin and psilocin are listed as Schedule
I controlled substances under the CSA in the U.S., and similar controlled substance legislation in other countries and any significant
breaches in our compliance with these laws and regulations, or changes in the laws and regulations may result in interruptions to our
development activity or business continuity. 

Psilocybin and psilocin are categorized as Schedule
I controlled substances under the CSA, and are similarly categorized by most states and foreign governments. Even assuming any future
therapeutic candidates containing psilocybin or psilocin are approved and scheduled by regulatory authorities to allow their commercial
marketing, the ingredients in such therapeutic candidates would likely continue to be Schedule I, or the state or foreign equivalent.
Violations of any federal, state or foreign laws and regulations could result in significant fines, penalties, administrative sanctions,
convictions or settlements arising from civil proceedings conducted by either the federal government or private citizens, or criminal
charges and penalties, including, but not limited to, disgorgement of profits, seizure of product, cessation of business activities, divestiture
or prison time. This could have a material adverse effect on us, including on our reputation and ability to conduct business, our financial
position, operating results, profitability or liquidity, the potential listing of our shares or the market price of our shares. In addition,
it is difficult for us to estimate the time or resources that would be needed for the investigation or defense of any such matters or
our final resolution because, in part, the time and resources that may be needed are dependent on the nature and extent of any information
requested by the applicable authorities involved, and such time or resources could be substantial. It is also illegal to aid or abet such
activities or to conspire or attempt to engage in such activities. An investor s contribution to and involvement in such activities
may result in federal civil and/or criminal prosecution, including, but not limited to, forfeiture of his, her or its entire investment,
fines and/or imprisonment. 

13 

Various federal, state, provincial and local laws
govern our business in any jurisdictions in which we may operate, and to which we may export our products, including laws relating to
health and safety, the conduct of our operations, and the production, storage, sale and distribution of our products. Complying with these
laws requires that we comply concurrently with complex federal, state, provincial and/or local laws. These laws change frequently and
may be difficult to interpret and apply. To ensure our compliance with these laws, we will need to invest significant financial and managerial
resources. It is impossible for us to predict the cost of such laws or the effect they may have on our future operations. A failure to
comply with these laws could negatively affect our business and harm our reputation. Changes to these laws could negatively affect our
competitive position and the markets in which we operate, and there is no assurance that various levels of government in the jurisdictions
in which we operate will not pass legislation or regulation that adversely impacts our business. 

In addition, even if we or third parties were
to conduct activities in compliance with U.S. state or local laws or the laws of other countries and regions in which we conduct activities,
potential enforcement proceedings could involve significant restrictions being imposed upon us or third parties, while diverting the attention
of key executives. Such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, operating results and financial condition
as well as on our reputation and prospects, even if such proceedings conclude successfully in our favor. In the extreme case, such proceedings
could ultimately involve the criminal prosecution of our key executives, the seizure of corporate assets, and consequently, our inability
to continue business operations. Strict compliance with state and local laws with respect to psilocybin and psilocin does not absolve
us of potential liability under U.S. federal law or EU law, nor provide a defense to any proceeding which may be brought against us. Any
such proceedings brought against us may adversely affect our operations and financial performance. 

Despite the current status of psilocybin and psilocin
as Schedule I controlled substances in the United States, there may be changes in the status of psilocybin or psilocin under the laws
of certain U.S. cities or states. For instance, the city of Denver voted to decriminalize the possession of psilocybin in 2019 and five
other cities have decriminalized psilocybin since (Oakland, California; Santa Cruz, California; Ann Arbor, Michigan; Cambridge, Massachusetts;
and Somerville, Massachusetts). Moreover, in the November 2020 election, Oregon passed Measure 109 which legalizes medical use of psilocybin
products, including magic mushrooms, to treat mental health conditions in licensed facilities with registered therapists. 

The legalization of psilocybin without regulatory
oversight may lead to the setup of clinics without proper therapeutic infrastructure or adequate clinical research, which could put patients
at risk and bring reputational and regulatory risk to the entire industry, making it harder for us to achieve regulatory approval. 

Our product candidates may contain controlled
substances, the use of which may generate public controversy. Adverse publicity or public perception regarding psilocybin or our current
or future investigational therapies using psilocybin may negatively influence the success of these therapies. 

Therapies containing controlled substances may
generate public controversy. Political and social pressures and adverse publicity could lead to delays in approval of, and increased expenses
for any future therapeutic candidates we may develop. Opponents of these therapies may seek restrictions on marketing and withdrawal of
any regulatory approvals. In addition, these opponents may seek to generate negative publicity in an effort to persuade the medical community
to reject these therapies. For example, we may face media-communicated criticism directed at our clinical development program. Adverse
publicity from psilocybin misuse may adversely affect the commercial success or market penetration achievable by our product candidates.
Anti-psychedelic protests have historically occurred and may occur in the future and generate media coverage. Political pressures and
adverse publicity could lead to delays in, and increased expenses for, and limit or restrict the introduction and marketing of any future
therapeutic candidates. 

14 

Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate
substantial evidence of the safety and effectiveness of future product candidates that we may identify and pursue, which would prevent,
delay or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. 

Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the
commercial sale of future therapeutic candidates, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive nonclinical studies, preclinical
studies and clinical trials that the applicable therapeutic candidate is both safe and effective for use in each target indication. A
therapeutic candidate must demonstrate an adequate risk versus benefit profile in its intended patient population and for its intended
use. 

Clinical testing is expensive and can take many
years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Most product candidates that begin clinical trials are never approved by regulatory
authorities for commercialization. We have limited experience in designing clinical trials and may be unable to design and execute a clinical
trial to support marketing approval. 

We cannot be certain that any clinical trials
will be successful. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials
of the same therapeutic candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in
the size and type of the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the clinical trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical
trial participants. 

Even if any of our future therapeutic candidates
obtain regulatory approval, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant
additional expense. Additionally, any such therapeutic candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and
market withdrawal, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems
with any of our future therapeutic candidates. 

If the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA or a comparable
foreign regulatory authority approves any of our future therapeutic candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution,
adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for the therapy and underlying therapeutic substance will be
subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information
and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with current good manufacturing practice cGMP and with good
clinical practice GCP for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval, all of which may result in significant expense
and limit our ability to commercialize such therapies. The FDA may also place other conditions on approvals, including the requirement
for a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy REMS ), to assure the safe use of the drug. Later discovery of previously
unknown problems with any approved therapeutic candidate, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our
third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 

restrictions on the labeling, distribution, marketing or manufacturing of our future therapeutic candidates, withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

untitled and warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal by the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA or other foreign regulatory body to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications we filed or suspension or revocation of license approvals; 

requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; 

restrictions on coverage by third-party payors; 

fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenue; 

suspension or withdrawal of marketing approvals; 

product seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of the product; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

15 

In addition, any regulatory approvals that we
receive for our future therapeutic candidates may also be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the therapy
may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase
IV clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of such therapeutic candidates. 

If there are changes in the application of legislation,
regulations or regulatory policies or if we or one of our distributors, licensees or co-marketers fails to comply with regulatory requirements,
the regulators could take various actions. These include imposing fines on us, imposing restrictions on the therapeutic or its manufacture
and requiring us to recall or remove the therapeutic from the market. The regulators could also suspend or withdraw our marketing authorizations,
requiring us to conduct additional clinical trials, change our therapeutic labeling or submit additional applications for marketing authorization.
If any of these events occurs, our ability to sell such therapy may be impaired, and we may incur substantial additional expense to comply
with regulatory requirements, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Research and development of drugs targeting
the central nervous system is particularly difficult, which makes it difficult to predict and understand why the drug has a positive effect
on some patients but not others. 

Discovery and development of new drugs targeting
central nervous system disorders are particularly difficult and time-consuming, evidenced by the higher failure rate for new drugs for
central nervous system disorders compared with most other areas of drug discovery. For example, in 2019, both Rapastinel and SAGE-217,
two new drugs targeting major depressive disorder MDD ), failed to meet their primary endpoints in Phase III trials. ALKS
5461, another new drug targeting MDD, was rejected by FDA in 2019 after its Phase III trials as FDA required additional clinical data
to provide substantial evidence of effectiveness. Any such setbacks in our clinical development could have a material adverse effect on
our business and operating results. In addition, our later stage clinical trials may present challenges related to conducting adequate
and well-controlled clinical trials, including designing an appropriate comparator arm in trials given the potential difficulties related
to maintaining the blinding during the trial or placebo or nocebo effects. Due to the complexity of the human brain and the central nervous
system, it can be difficult to predict and understand why a drug may have a positive effect on some patients but not others and why some
individuals may react to the drug differently from others. 

The results of preclinical studies and early-stage
clinical trials of our future therapeutic candidates may not be predictive of the results of later stage clinical trials. Initial success
in our ongoing clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained when these trials are completed or in later stage trials. 

Therapeutic candidates in later stages of clinical
trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical
trials. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any of our clinical trials will ultimately be successful or support further clinical
development of any of our future therapeutic candidates. There is a high failure rate for drugs proceeding through clinical trials. A
number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in clinical development even after achieving promising
results in earlier studies. 

We will depend on enrollment of patients
in our clinical trials for our future therapeutic candidates. If we are unable to enroll patients in our clinical trials, our research
and development efforts and business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Identifying and qualifying patients to participate
in our clinical trials will be critical to our success. Patient enrollment depends on many factors, including: 

the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints and the process for identifying patients; 

identifying and enrolling eligible patients, including those willing to discontinue use of their existing medications; 

the design of the clinical protocol and the patient eligibility and exclusion criteria for the trial; 

safety profile, to date, of the therapeutic candidate under study; 

the willingness or availability of patients to participate in our trials, including due to the perceived risks and benefits, stigma or other side effects of use of a controlled substance; 

16 

perceived risks and benefits of our approach to treatment of indication; 

the proximity of patients to clinical sites; 

our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 

the availability of competing clinical trials; 

the availability of new drugs approved for the indication the clinical trial is investigating; 

clinicians and patients perceptions of the potential advantages of the drug being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new therapies that may be approved for the indications we are investigating; and 

our ability to obtain and maintain patient informed consents. 

Even once enrolled, we may be unable to retain a sufficient number
of patients to complete any of our trials. 

In addition, any negative results we may report
in clinical trials may make it difficult or impossible to recruit and retain patients in other clinical trials of that same therapeutic
candidate. Delays in the enrollment for any clinical trial will likely increase our costs, slow down the approval process and delay or
potentially jeopardize our ability to commence sales of our future therapeutic candidates and generate revenue. In addition, some of the
factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of
regulatory approval of any future therapeutic candidates. 

We have never commercialized a therapeutic
candidate before and may lack the necessary expertise, personnel and resources to successfully commercialize our therapies on our own
or with suitable collaborators. 

We have limited organizational experience in the
sale or marketing of therapeutic candidates. To achieve commercial success for any approved therapy, we must develop or acquire a sales
and marketing organization, outsource these functions to third parties or enter into partnerships. 

If we enter into arrangements with third parties
to perform market access and commercial services for any approved therapies, the revenue or the profitability of these revenue to us could
be lower than if we were to commercialize any therapies that we develop ourselves. Such collaborative arrangements may place the commercialization
of any approved therapies outside of our control and would make us subject to a number of risks including that we may not be able to control
the amount or timing of resources that our collaborative partner devotes to our therapies or that our collaborator s willingness
or ability to complete its obligations, and our obligations under our arrangements may be adversely affected by business combinations
or significant changes in our collaborator s business strategy. We may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third
parties to commercialize our therapies or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. Acceptable third parties may fail
to devote the necessary resources and attention to commercialize our therapies effectively, to set up sufficient number of treatment centers
in third-party therapy sites, or to recruit, train and retain adequate number of therapists to administer our therapies. 

If we do not establish commercial capabilities
successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we may not be successful in commercializing our therapies, which
in turn would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

The future commercial success of our future
therapeutic candidates will depend on the degree of market access and acceptance of our potential therapies among healthcare professionals,
patients, healthcare payors, health technology assessment bodies and the medical community at large. 

We may never have a therapy that is commercially
successful. To date, we have no therapy authorized for marketing. Furthermore, if approved, our future therapies may not achieve an adequate
level of acceptance by payors, health technology assessment bodies, healthcare professionals, patients and the medical community at large,
and we may not become profitable. The level of acceptance we ultimately achieve may be affected by negative public perceptions and historic
media coverage of psychedelic substances, including psilocybin. Because of this history, efforts to educate the medical community and
third-party payors and health technologies assessment bodies on the benefits of our future therapies may require significant resources
and may never be successful, which would prevent us from generating significant revenue or becoming profitable. Market acceptance of our
future therapies by healthcare professionals, patients, healthcare payors and health technology assessment bodies will depend on a number
of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, the following: 

acceptance by healthcare professionals, patients and healthcare payors of each therapy as safe, effective and cost-effective; 

changes in the standard of care for the targeted indications for any therapeutic candidate; 

the strength of sales, marketing and distribution support; 

potential product liability claims; 

the therapeutic candidate s relative convenience, ease of use, ease of administration and other perceived advantages over alternative therapies; 

the prevalence and severity of adverse events or publicity; 

limitations, precautions or warnings listed in the summary of therapeutic characteristics, patient information leaflet, package labeling or instructions for use; 

the cost of treatment with our therapy in relation to alternative treatments; 

the ability to manufacture our product in sufficient quantities and yields; 

the availability and amount of coverage and reimbursement from healthcare payors, and the willingness of patients to pay out of pocket in the absence of healthcare payor coverage or adequate reimbursement; 

the willingness of the target patient population to try, and of healthcare professionals to prescribe, the therapy; 

any potential unfavorable publicity, including negative publicity associated with recreational use or abuse of psilocybin; 

the extent to which therapies are approved for inclusion and reimbursed on formularies of hospitals and managed care organizations; and 

whether our therapies are designated under physician treatment guidelines or under reimbursement guidelines as a first-line, second-line, third-line or last-line therapy. 

If our future therapeutic candidates fail to gain
market access and acceptance, this will have a material adverse impact on our ability to generate revenue to provide a satisfactory, or
any, return on our investments. Even if some therapies achieve market access and acceptance, the market may prove not to be large enough
to allow us to generate significant revenue. 

18 

Changes in methods of therapeutic candidate
manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay. 

As therapeutic candidates are developed through
preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials towards potential approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects
of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, may be altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes
and results. Any of these changes could cause any of our future therapeutic candidates to perform differently and affect the results of
planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted with the materials manufactured using altered processes. Such changes
may also require additional testing, FDA notification or FDA approval. This could delay completion of clinical trials, require the conduct
of bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of any of
our future therapeutic candidates and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. 

We may become exposed to costly and damaging
liability claims, either when testing our future therapeutic candidates in the clinic or at the commercial stage, and our product liability
insurance may not cover all damages from such claims. 

We will be exposed to potential product liability
and professional indemnity risks that are inherent in the research, development, manufacturing, marketing and use of therapeutic substances.
Currently, we have no therapies that have been approved for commercial sale; however, any future therapeutic candidates by us and our
corporate collaborators in clinical trials, and the potential sale of any approved therapies in the future, may expose us to liability
claims. These claims might be made by patients who use our therapies, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies, our corporate collaborators
or other third parties that sell our therapies. Any claims against us, regardless of their merit, could be difficult and costly to defend
and could materially adversely affect the market for our future therapeutic candidates or any prospects for commercialization of our future
therapeutic candidates. Although the clinical trial process is designed to identify and assess potential side effects, it is always possible
that a drug, even after regulatory approval, may exhibit unforeseen side effects. If any of our future therapeutic candidates causes adverse
side effects during clinical trials or after regulatory approval, we may be exposed to substantial liabilities. 

Physicians and patients may not comply with warnings
that identify known potential adverse effects and describe which patients should not use any of our future therapeutic candidates. Regardless
of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may cause, among other things, the following: 

decreased demand for our therapies due to negative public perception; 

injury to our reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants or difficulties in recruiting new trial participants; 

initiation of investigations by regulators; 

costs to defend or settle the related litigation; 

a diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

loss of revenue from therapeutic sales; and 

our inability to commercialize any of our future therapeutic candidates, if approved. 

19 

In addition, we may not be able to obtain or maintain
insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or obtain insurance coverage that will be adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. If
a successful product liability claim or series of claims is brought against us for uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities,
our assets may not be sufficient to cover such claims and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. Liability claims resulting from any of the events described above could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Enacted and future legislation may increase
the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize any of our future therapeutic candidates and could have
a material adverse effect on our business. 

In the United States, there have been a number
of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future results of operations. In particular, there
have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs and improve
the quality of healthcare. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and
Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, ACA ), substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental
and private insurers, and significantly impacted the U.S. biopharmaceutical industry. 

Among the provisions of the ACA of importance
to our potential therapeutic candidates are the following: 

an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs, although this fee would not apply to sales of certain products approved exclusively for orphan indications; 

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs, a Federal and state program which extends healthcare to low-income individuals and other groups, by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to certain individuals and adding new eligibility categories for certain individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate liability; 

expansion of manufacturers rebate liability under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, which requires that drug manufacturers provide rebates to states in exchange for state Medicaid coverage for most of the manufacturers drugs by increasing the minimum rebate for both branded and generic drugs and revising the definition of average manufacturer price, for calculating and reporting Medicaid drug rebates on outpatient prescription drug prices and extending rebate liability to prescriptions for individuals enrolled in Medicare Advantage plans (i.e., a type of Medicare healthcare plan offered by private companies); 

a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for products that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

expansion of the types of entities eligible for the 340B drug discount program, which requires drug manufacturers to provide outpatient drugs to eligible healthcare organizations and covered entities at significantly reduced prices; 

establishment of the Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, which requires manufacturers to provide a 50 point-of-sale-discount (increased to 70 pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, or BBA, effective as of January 1, 2019) off the negotiated price of applicable products to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period as a condition for the manufacturers outpatient products to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

creation of a new non-profit, nongovernmental institute, called the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute, to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and 

establishment of the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation within Centers for Medicare Medicaid to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription product spending. 

20 

Since its enactment, there have been numerous
judicial, administrative, executive, and legislative challenges to certain aspects of the ACA, and we expect there will be additional
challenges and amendments to the ACA in the future. It is unclear whether the ACA will be overturned, repealed, replaced, or further amended.
We cannot predict what affect further changes to the ACA would have on our business. This uncertainty is heightened by President Biden s
January 28, 2021 Executive Order on Strengthening Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act which indicated that the Biden Administration
may significantly modify the ACA and potentially revoke any changes implemented by the Trump Administration. It is also possible that
President Biden will further reform the ACA and other federal programs in manner that may impact our operations. The Biden Administration
has indicated that a goal of its administration is to expand and support Medicaid and the ACA and to make high-quality healthcare accessible
and affordable. The potential increase in patients covered by government funded insurance may impact our pricing. Further, it is possible
that the Biden Administration may further increase the scrutiny on drug pricing. The ACA continues to be challenged in court and it is
unclear how any future litigation and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA. In August
2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications
for pharmaceutical manufacturers and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate drug prices for certain
high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price
negotiation requirements, requiring drug companies to pay rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if
their drug prices increase faster than inflation, capping out-of-pocket spending for Medicare Part D enrollees and making additional changes
to Medicare Part D to further reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. The Biden administration
released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, requiring the U.S. Department of Health Human Services HHS to submit a report within 90 days on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for
lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation
that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. We expect that additional
state and federal health care reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state
governments will pay for health care products and services. 

Third-party payors are increasingly challenging
the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and
efficacy. To obtain coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for marketing, we may need to conduct expensive
studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of any products, which would be in addition to the costs
expended to obtain regulatory approvals. Third-party payors may not consider our product or product candidates to be medically necessary
or cost-effective compared to other available therapies. 

Additionally, the containment of healthcare costs
(including drug prices) has become a priority of federal and state governments. The U.S. government, state legislatures, and foreign governments
have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement, and
requirements for substitution by generic products. For example, the Biden Administration, including his nominee for Secretary of
DHHS, has indicated that lowering prescription drug prices is a priority, but we do not yet know what steps the administration will take
or whether such steps will be successful. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies
in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit our net revenue and results. If these third-party payors do not consider
our products to be cost-effective compared to other therapies, they may not cover our products or product candidates if approved as a
benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of reimbursement may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our products on a profitable
basis. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for our products once approved or a decision by a third-party payor to not cover our products
could reduce or eliminate utilization of our products and have an adverse effect on our sales, results of operations, and financial condition.
In addition, state and federal healthcare reform measures have been and will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts
that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our products
or product candidates once approved or additional pricing pressures. 

In addition, new laws and additional health reform
measures may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which may adversely affect customer demand and
affordability for our future therapeutic candidates and, accordingly, the results of our financial operations. 

21 

Our business operations and current and
future relationships with investigators, health care professionals, consultants, third-party payors and customers may be subject, directly
or indirectly, to U.S. federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws,
other healthcare laws and regulations and other foreign privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied,
with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 

Although we do not currently have any therapies
on the market, our current and future operations may be directly, or indirectly through our relationships with investigators, health care
professionals, customers and third-party payors, subject to various U.S. federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, including,
without limitation, the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute or the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Healthcare providers, physicians and
others play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any therapies for which we obtain marketing approval. These laws
impact, among other things, our research activities and proposed sales, marketing and education programs and constrain our business and
financial arrangements and relationships with third-party payors, healthcare professionals who participate in our clinical research program,
healthcare professionals and others who recommend, purchase, or provide our approved therapies, and other parties through which we market,
sell and distribute our therapies for which we obtain marketing approval. In addition, we may be subject to patient data privacy and security
regulation by both the U.S. federal government and the states in which we conduct our business, along with foreign regulators (including
European data protection authorities). Finally, our current and future operations will be subject to additional healthcare-related statutory
and regulatory requirements and enforcement by foreign regulatory authorities in jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. These
laws include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or certain rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under U.S. federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Violations are subject to significant civil and criminal fines and penalties for each violation, plus up to three times the remuneration involved, imprisonment, and exclusion from government healthcare programs. In addition, the government may assert that a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act FCA ). The definition of the remuneration under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to include anything of value. Further, courts have found that if one purpose of remuneration is to induce referrals, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute is violated. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution; but the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and require strict compliance in order to offer protection; 

the federal civil and criminal false claims laws, such as the FCA, which prohibits individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false or fraudulent claims for payment to, or approval by Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim or an obligation to pay or transmit money to the federal government, or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. Manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery. When an entity is determined to have violated the FCA, the government may impose civil fines and penalties for each false claim, plus treble damages, and exclude the entity from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs; 

the federal civil monetary penalties laws, which impose civil fines for, among other things, the offering or transfer or remuneration to a Medicare or state healthcare program beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner, or supplier of services reimbursable by Medicare or a state health care program, unless an exception applies; 

22 

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 and their implementing regulations (collectively referred to as HIPAA as well as numerous other federal and state laws and regulations, govern the collection, dissemination, use, privacy, security, confidentiality, integrity and availability of personally identifiable information PII ), including protected health information PHI ). HIPAA applies national privacy and security standards for PHI to covered entities, including certain types of health care entities and their service providers that access PHI, known as business associates. HIPAA requires covered entities and business associates to maintain policies and procedures governing PHI that is used or disclosed, and to implement administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect PHI, including PHI maintained, used and disclosed in electronic form. These safeguards include employee training, identifying business associates with whom covered entities need to enter into HIPAA-compliant contractual arrangements and various other measures. While we shall undertake substantial efforts to secure the PHI we maintain, use and disclose in electronic form, a cyber-attack or other intrusion that bypasses our information security systems causing an information security breach, loss of PHI, PII or other data subject to privacy laws or a material disruption of our operational systems could result in a material adverse impact on our business, along with potentially substantial fines and penalties. Ongoing implementation and oversight of these security measures involves significant time, effort and expense. HIPAA requires covered entities and their business associates to report breaches of unsecured PHI to affected individuals without unreasonable delay and in no case later than 60 days after the discovery of the breach by the covered entity or its agents. Notification must also be made to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS and, in certain situations involving large breaches, to the media. The HIPAA rules created a presumption that all non-permitted uses or disclosures of unsecured PHI are breaches unless the covered entity establishes that there is a low probability the information has been compromised. A data breach affecting sensitive personal information, including health information, also could result in significant legal and financial exposure and reputational damages that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. 

the FDCA, which governs the production, sale, distribution and promotion of drugs, biologics and medical devices and prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices; 

the U.S. federal legislation commonly referred to as Physician Payments Sunshine Act, and its implementing regulations, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the CMS information related to certain payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Effective January 1, 2022, these reporting obligations will extend to include transfers of value made during the previous year to certain non-physician providers such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners; and 

analogous state laws and regulations, including the following: state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may be broader in scope than their federal equivalents, and which may apply to our business practices, including research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require drug manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

The distribution of pharmaceutical products is
subject to additional requirements and regulations, including licensing, extensive record-keeping, storage and security requirements intended
to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 

23 

The scope and enforcement of each of these laws
is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable
precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare
companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare
industry. Even if precautions are taken, it is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not
comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations.
If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may
be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion of drugs
from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become
subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, reputational
harm and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom
we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, that person or entity may be subject to significant criminal,
civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales
or withdrawal of future marketed products could materially affect business in an adverse way. 

Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements
with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Any action against us for
violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our
management s attention from the operation of our business. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain
robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance or reporting requirements increases the
possibility that a healthcare company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements. 

Failure to comply with health and data protection
laws and regulations could lead to U.S. federal and state government enforcement actions, including civil or criminal penalties, private
litigation, and adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. 

We and any potential collaborators may be subject
to U.S. federal and state data protection laws and regulations, such as laws and regulations that address privacy and data security. In
the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including state data breach notification laws, state health information
privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related
and other personal information. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties, including research institutions from
which we obtain clinical trial data, which are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA, as amended by HITECH. To the
extent that we act as a business associate to a healthcare provider engaging in electronic transactions, we may also be subject to the
privacy and security provisions of HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, which restricts the use and disclosure of patient-identifiable health
information, mandates the adoption of standards relating to the privacy and security of patient-identifiable health information, and requires
the reporting of certain security breaches to healthcare provider customers with respect to such information. Additionally, many states
have enacted similar laws that may impose more stringent requirements on entities like ours. Depending on the facts and circumstances,
we could be subject to significant civil, criminal, and administrative penalties if we obtain, use, or disclose individually identifiable
health information maintained by a HIPAA-covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. 

Compliance with U.S. and foreign privacy and data
protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to collect,
use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Failure to comply with these laws and
regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include civil, criminal and administrative penalties), private
litigation, and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical trial subjects,
employees and other individuals about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain personal information, as well as the providers who
share this information with us, may limit our ability to collect, use and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals 
privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable,
could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. 

24 

The successful commercialization of any
of our future therapeutic candidates will depend in part on the extent to which governmental authorities and health insurers establish
adequate reimbursement levels and pricing policies. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for any of our future
therapeutic candidates, if approved, could limit our ability to market those therapies and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 

The availability and adequacy of coverage and
reimbursement by governmental healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors
are essential for most patients to be able to afford therapies. As Schedule I substances under the CSA, psilocybin and psilocin are deemed
to have no accepted medical use and therapies that use psilocybin or psilocin are precluded from reimbursement in the United States. Our
products must be scheduled as a Schedule II or lower controlled substance (i.e., Schedule III, IV or V) before they can be commercially
marketed. Our ability to achieve acceptable levels of coverage and reimbursement for therapies by governmental authorities, private health
insurers and other organizations will have an effect on our ability to successfully commercialize, and attract additional collaboration
partners to invest in the development of our future therapeutic candidates. Even if we obtain coverage for a given therapy by third-party
payors, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require patient out-of-pocket costs that patients may find
unacceptably high. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement in the United States or elsewhere will be available for any therapy
that we may develop, and any reimbursement that may become available may be decreased or eliminated in the future. 

Furthermore, third-party payors are increasingly
challenging prices charged for therapeutic substances and services, and many third-party payors may refuse to provide coverage and reimbursement
for particular drugs when an equivalent generic drug or a less expensive therapy is available. It is possible that a third-party payor
may consider our future therapeutic candidates as substitutable and only offer to reimburse patients for the less expensive therapy. These
payors may deny or revoke the reimbursement status of a given drug product or establish prices for new or existing marketed therapies
at levels that are too low to enable us to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. If reimbursement is
not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our future therapeutic candidates,
and may not be able to obtain a satisfactory financial return on therapeutic candidates that we may develop. 

There is significant uncertainty related to the
insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved therapies. In the United States, third-party payors, including private and governmental
payors, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in determining the extent to which new drugs will be covered.
The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models for how private payors and other governmental payors develop their
coverage and reimbursement policies for drugs. Some third-party payors may require pre-approval of coverage for new or innovative devices
or drug therapies before they will reimburse health care providers who use such therapies. It is difficult to predict at this time what
third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our future therapeutic candidates. 

Furthermore, obtaining and maintaining reimbursement
status is time-consuming and costly. No uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement for drug therapies exists among third-party payors
in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug therapies can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result,
the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical
support for the use of our therapies to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied
consistently or obtained in the first instance. Furthermore, rules and regulations regarding reimbursement change frequently, in some
cases at short notice, and we believe that changes in these rules and regulations are likely. 

Outside the United States, international operations
are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations. Other countries allow companies to fix their
own prices for medical therapies, but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing
regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our future therapeutic candidates. Accordingly, in markets outside
the United States, the reimbursement for our therapies may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate
commercially reasonable revenue and profits. 

25 

We will be subject to environmental, health
and safety laws and regulations, and we may become exposed to liability and substantial expenses in connection with environmental compliance
or remediation activities which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Our operations, including our research, development,
testing and manufacturing activities, will be subject to numerous foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws
and regulations. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, the controlled use, manufacture, handling, release and disposal
of and the maintenance of a registry for, hazardous materials, such as chemical solvents, human cells, carcinogenic compounds, mutagenic
compounds and compounds that have a toxic effect on reproduction, laboratory procedures and exposure to blood-borne pathogens. 

We may incur significant costs to comply with
these current or future environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Furthermore, if we fail to comply with such laws and
regulations, we could be subject to fines or other sanctions. 

Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property
Rights 

The failure to obtain or maintain patents,
licensing agreements and other intellectual property could materially impact our ability to compete effectively. 

In order for our business to be viable and to
compete effectively, we need to develop and maintain, and we will heavily rely on, a proprietary position with respect to our intellectual
property. However, there are significant risks associated with our actual or proposed intellectual property. The risks and uncertainties
that we face with respect to our rights principally include the following: 

pending patent applications we have filed or will file may not result in issued patents or may take longer than we expect to result in issued patents; 

we may be subject to interference proceedings; 

we may be subject to reexamination proceedings; 

we may be subject to post grant review proceedings; 

we may be subject to inter partes review proceedings; 

we may be subject to derivation proceedings; 

we may be subject to opposition proceedings in foreign countries; 

any patents that are issued or licensed to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages or meaningful protection; 

26 

we may not be able to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

other companies may challenge patents licensed or issued to us; 

other companies may have independently developed and patented (or may in the future independently develop and patent) similar or alternative technologies, or duplicate our technologies; 

other companies may design around technologies we have licensed or developed; 

enforcement of patents is complex, uncertain and very expensive and we may not be able to secure, enforce and defend our patents; 

in the event that we were to ever seek to enforce our patents in ligation, there is some risk that they could be deemed invalid, not infringed, or unenforceable; and 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

We cannot be certain that any patents will be
issued as a result of any pending or future applications, or that any patents, once issued, will provide us with adequate protection from
competing products. For example, issued patents may be circumvented or challenged, declared invalid or unenforceable, or narrowed in scope.
In addition, since publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain
that we or our licensors were the first to invent or to file patent applications covering them. 

It is also possible that others may have or may
obtain issued patents that could prevent us from commercializing our products or require us to obtain licenses requiring the payment of
significant fees or royalties in order to enable us to conduct our business. There is no guarantee that such licenses will be available
based on commercially reasonable terms. As to those patents that we have licensed, our rights depend on maintaining our obligations to
the licensor under the applicable license agreement, and we may be unable to do so. 

If we are unable to obtain and maintain
patent protection for our products, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, competitors could develop
and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our products could be impaired. 

The patent prosecution process is expensive and
time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost, in a
timely manner, or in all jurisdictions. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our development output
before it is too late to obtain patent protection. 

The patent position of life science companies
generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in past years been the subject of much litigation.
In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States and we may fail
to seek or obtain patent protection in all major markets. For example, unlike the U.S., European patent law restricts the patentability
of methods of treatment of the human body. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect
our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and
products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish
the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection, even post-grant. 

27 

Patent reform legislation has increased the uncertainties
and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. On September 16, 2011,
the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant
changes to United States patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and may also affect
patent litigation. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO recently developed new regulations and procedures to govern
administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, and in particular,
the first to file provisions, only became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith
Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and
costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance
submission of prior art to the USPTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review,
post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights (whether licensed or otherwise held) or the patent rights
of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent
rights (whether licensed or otherwise held), allow third parties to commercialize our products and compete directly with us, without payment
to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition,
if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications (whether licensed or otherwise held) is threatened,
it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 

Even if our patent applications (whether licensed
or otherwise held) result in the issuance of patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection,
prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be able to circumvent
our owned or licensed patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. 

The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as
to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our licensed or owned patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices
in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed,
invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar
or identical products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our products. Given the amount of time required for the development,
testing and regulatory review of new life science product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly
after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our intellectual property rights portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights
to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect
or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time-consuming and ultimately unsuccessful. 

Competitors may infringe our intellectual property.
To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to sue a third party, or otherwise make a claim, alleging infringement
or other violation of patents, trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, domain names or other intellectual property rights
that we either own or license from a third party. If we do not prevail in enforcing our intellectual property rights in this type of litigation,
we may be subject to: 

paying monetary damages related to the legal expenses of the third party; 

facing additional competition that may have a significant adverse effect on our product pricing, market share, business operations, financial condition, and the commercial viability of our product; and 

restructuring our Company or delaying or terminating select business opportunities, including, but not limited to, research and development, clinical trial, and commercialization activities, due to a potential deterioration of our financial condition or market competitiveness. 

Any claims we assert against perceived infringers
could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their intellectual property or that our intellectual
property is invalid or unenforceable. The result of these challenges may narrow the scope or claims of or invalidate or found unenforceable
patents that are integral to our product or product candidate. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that
a licensed or owned patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse
to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover that technology. Moreover, lawsuits
to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could be expensive, time-consuming and ultimately unsuccessful. 

28 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings
alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain. 

Our commercial success depends upon our ability
to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable
intellectual property litigation in the life sciences industry. We cannot guarantee that our product candidates will not infringe third-party
patents or other proprietary rights. We may become party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding
intellectual property rights with respect to our products and technology, including inter partes review, post-grant review,
interference, or derivation proceedings before the USPTO and similar proceeding before similar bodies in other countries. Third parties
may assert infringement claims against us based on existing intellectual property rights and intellectual property rights that may be
granted in the future. 

If we are found to infringe a third party s
intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing and marketing our
products. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able
to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could
be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could be found liable
for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding
of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which
could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties
could have a similar negative impact on our business. 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection
depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent
agencies, and our own patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements. 

Periodic maintenance fees and annuities on any
issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO
and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar
provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by
other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of
the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events
that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official
actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event,
our competitors might be able to enter our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We may be subject to claims by third parties
asserting that our employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own
intellectual property. 

We may retain employees and contractors that were
previously employed at universities or other companies, including potential competitors. Although we will try to ensure that our employees
and contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that these
employees or we have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such employee s
former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims, and any such litigation could have an unfavorable outcome. 

29 

In addition, while it is our policy to require
our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual
property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that
we regard as our own. Our and their assignment agreements may not be self-executing or may be breached, and we may be forced to bring
claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual
property. 

If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such
claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful
in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and adverse results, and be a distraction
to management. 

If we fail to comply with our obligations
in the agreements under which we may license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our
business relationships with our licensors, we could lose rights that are important to our business. 

We have licensed and may enter into or may be
required to enter into intellectual property license agreements that are important to our business. These license agreements may impose
various diligence, milestone payment, royalty and other obligations on us. For example, we may enter into exclusive license agreements
with various universities and research institutions, we may be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to engage in various development
and commercialization activities with respect to licensed products, and may need to satisfy specified milestone and royalty payment obligations.
If we fail to comply with any obligations under our agreements with any of these licensors, we may be subject to termination of the license
agreement in whole or in part, increased financial obligations to our licensors or loss of exclusivity in a particular field or territory,
in which case our ability to develop or commercialize products covered by the license agreement will be impaired. 

In addition, disputes may arise regarding intellectual
property subject to a license agreement, including: 

the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

the extent to which our processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those obligations; 

if a third-party expresses interest in an area under a license that we are not pursuing, under the terms of certain of our license agreements, we may be required to sublicense rights in that area to a third party, and that sublicense could harm our business; and 

the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us. 

Disputes over intellectual property that we have
licensed may prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, and we may be unable to
successfully develop and commercialize our product candidate. 

Intellectual property litigation could cause
us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. 

Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other
legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical
and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings,
motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it
could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could increase our operating losses and
reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient
financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the
costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting
from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace. 

30 

We may spend considerable resources developing
and maintaining patents, license agreements and other intellectual property that may later be abandoned or may otherwise never result
in products brought to market. 

Not all technologies and candidate products that
initially show potential as the basis for future products will ultimately meet the rigors of our development process and as a result may
be abandoned and/or never otherwise result in products brought to market. In some cases, prior to abandonment we may be required
to incur significant costs developing and maintaining intellectual property and/or maintaining license agreements and our business could
be harmed by such costs. 

If we are not able to adequately prevent
disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and product could be significantly diminished. 

We rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary
technologies, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult
to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored
researchers and other advisors to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. These agreements may not effectively prevent
disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential
information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. For example, the FDA, as part
of its transparency initiative, is currently considering whether to make additional information publicly available on a routine basis,
including information that we may consider to be trade secrets or other proprietary information, and it is not clear at the present time
how the FDA s disclosure policies may change in the future, if at all. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary
to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely
affect our competitive business position. 

We rely on information technology, and if
we are unable to protect against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, our operations
could be disrupted, and our business could be negatively affected. 

We rely on information technology networks and
systems to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information; to coordinate our business; and to communicate within our
Company and with customers, suppliers, partners and other third-parties. These information technology systems may be susceptible to damage,
disruptions or shutdowns, hardware or software failures, power outages, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, telecommunication failures, user
errors or catastrophic events. If our information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, and our business continuity
plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our operations could be disrupted, and our business could be negatively
affected. In addition, cyber-attacks could lead to potential unauthorized access and disclosure of confidential information, and data
loss and corruption. There is no assurance that we will not experience these service interruptions or cyber-attacks in the future. 

Other Risks Related to Our Business 

We may not be successful in hiring and retaining
key employees, including executive officers. 

Our success materially depends upon the expertise,
experience and continued service of our management and other key personnel, including, but not limited to, Eric Weisblum, our Chief Executive
Officer. If we lose the services of Mr. Weisblum or any of other member of management, our business would be materially and adversely
affected. 

Our future success also depends upon our ability
to attract and retain highly qualified management personnel and other employees. There can be no assurance that these professionals will
be available in the market, or that we will be able to retain existing professionals or to meet or to continue to meet their compensation
requirements. Furthermore, the cost base in relation to such compensation, which may include equity compensation, may increase significantly,
which could have a material adverse effect on us. Failure to establish and maintain an effective management team and work force could
adversely affect our ability to operate, grow and manage our business. 

Unfavorable global economic, business or
political conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our results of operations could be adversely affected
by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets, including conditions that are outside of our control,
including the impact of health and safety concerns, such as those relating to the current COVID-19 outbreak. The most recent global financial
crisis caused extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result
in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our products and our ability to raise additional capital when needed
on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could strain our domestic and international customers, possibly resulting
in delays in customer payments. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all the ways in which the current
economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 

31 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

Our Certificate of Incorporation grants
our board of directors, without any action or approval by our stockholders, the power to designate and issue preferred stock with rights,
preferences and privileges that may be adverse to the rights of the holders of our common stock. 

The total number of preferred stock that we are
authorized to issue is 5,000,000 shares of which 1,000,000 shares have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock, none of which are
issued and outstanding as of March 23, 2023, 2,000 shares have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock, none of which are issued and
outstanding as of March 23, 2023 and 4,280 shares have been designated as Series C Preferred Stock, of which none of which are issued
and outstanding as of March 23, 2023. Pursuant to authority granted by our Certificate of Incorporation, our board of directors, without
any action or approval by our stockholders, may issue preferred stock in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined
at the time of issuance by our board of directors without further action by stockholders. The terms of any series of preferred stock may
include voting rights (including the right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation, conversion
and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The rights of holders of other classes or series of capital stock, including preferred
stock that may be issued could be superior to the rights of the holders of shares of our common stock. The designation and issuance of
shares of capital stock having preferential rights could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common
stock. In addition, any issuances of additional capital stock (common or preferred) will dilute the percentage of ownership interest
of our stockholders. 

We have never paid cash dividends and have
no plans to pay cash dividends in the future. 

Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled
to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors. To date, we have paid no cash dividends on our capital stock and
we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to provide funds for operations
of our business. Therefore, any return investors in our capital stock may have will be in the form of appreciation, if any, in the market
value of their shares of common stock. 

Our compliance with complicated U.S. regulations
concerning corporate governance and public disclosure is expensive and diverts management s attention from our core business, which
could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

As a publicly reporting company, we are faced
with expensive, complicated and evolving disclosure, governance and compliance laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance
and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act, and Nasdaq rules. As a result of the complexity involved
in complying with the applicable rules and regulations, our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns,
which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may need to hire more personnel in the future or engage
outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses, to assist us in complying with these requirements. 

In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards
relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance
costs, and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in
many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided
by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated
by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest substantial resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations
and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time
and attention from business operations to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ
from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory
authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. 

Our common stock could be subject to extreme
volatility. 

The trading price of our common stock may be affected
by a number of factors, including events described in the risk factors set forth herein and in our other reports filed with the SEC from
time to time, as well as our operating results, financial condition and other events or factors. In addition to the uncertainties relating
to future operating performance and the profitability of operations, factors such as variations in interim financial results or various,
and unpredictable, factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock.
In recent years, broad stock market indices, in general, and smaller capitalization companies, in particular, have experienced substantial
price fluctuations. In a volatile market, we may experience wide fluctuations in the market price of our common stock and wide bid-ask
spreads. These fluctuations may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the securities market has,
from time to time, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular
companies. These market fluctuations may have a material adverse effect the market price of our common stock. 

32 

Market and economic conditions may negatively
impact our business, financial condition and share price. 

Concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical
issues, the U.S. mortgage market and a declining real estate market, unstable global credit markets and financial conditions, and volatile
oil prices have led to periods of significant economic instability, diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer
confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth
going forward, increased unemployment rates, and increased credit defaults in recent years. Our general business strategy may be adversely
affected by any such economic downturns, volatile business environments and continued unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions.
If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete,
more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material
adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance, and share price and could require us to delay or abandon development or
commercialization plans. 

Future sales and issuances of our securities
could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our share price to fall. 

We expect that significant additional capital
will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including research and development, increased marketing, hiring new personnel,
commercializing our products, and continuing activities as an operating public company. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing
equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity
securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible
securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales
may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders. 

We may be at risk of securities class action litigation. 

We may be at risk of securities class action litigation.
In the past, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility, particularly when associated
with binary events such as clinical trials and product approvals. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and
a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business and results in a decline in the market price
of our common stock. 

Financial reporting obligations of being
a public company in the United States are expensive and time-consuming, and our management will be required to devote substantial time
to compliance matters. 

As a publicly traded company we incur significant
legal, accounting and other expenses. The obligations of being a public company in the United States require significant expenditures
and places significant demands on our management and other personnel, including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations
under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended Sarbanes-Oxley and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. These rules
require the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures, internal control over financial
reporting and changes in corporate governance practices, among many other complex rules that are often difficult to implement, monitor
and maintain compliance with. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply
with all of these requirements and to keep pace with new regulations, otherwise we may fall out of compliance and risk becoming subject
to litigation among other potential problems. 

Failure to maintain effective internal control
over our financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could cause our financial reports to be inaccurate. 

We are required pursuant to Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to assess and report on the effectiveness
of those controls. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control
over financial reporting. Although we prepare our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States, our internal accounting controls may not meet all standards applicable to companies with publicly traded securities.
If we fail to implement any required improvements to our disclosure controls and procedures, we may be obligated to report control deficiencies
and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting. In either case, we could become subject to regulatory sanction or investigation. Further, these outcomes could damage investor
confidence in the accuracy and reliability of our financial statements. 

33 

Our management has concluded that our internal
controls over financial reporting were, and continue to be, ineffective, as December 31, 2022 as a result of the following: (i) we lack
segregation of duties within accounting functions duties as a result of our limited financial resources to support hiring of personnel,
and; (ii) we not have not implemented adequate system and manual controls. While management intends to remediate the material weakness,
there is no assurance that such changes, when economically feasible and sustainable, will remediate the identified material weaknesses
or that the controls will prevent or detect future material weaknesses. If we are not able to maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting, our financial statements, including related disclosures, may be inaccurate, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

Nasdaq Capital Market may subsequently delist
our common stock if we fail to comply with ongoing listing standards. 

Nasdaq Capital Market will require us to meet
certain financial, public float, bid price and liquidity standards on an ongoing basis in order to continue the listing of our common
stock. If we fail to meet these continued listing requirements, our common stock may be subject to delisting. If our common stock are
delisted and we are not able to list such common stock or warrants on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities would
be quoted on an over-the-counter market; However, if this were to occur, our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences,
including limited availability of market quotations for our common stock and reduced liquidity for the trading of our securities. In addition,
in the event of such delisting, we could experience a decreased ability to issue additional securities and obtain additional financing
in the future. Even if our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, there can be no assurance that an active trading market
for our common stock will develop or be sustained after our initial listing. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive offices are located at
560 Sylvan Avenue, Suite 3160, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632. We pay 102 per month to rent for such space on a month-to-month lease basis.
We believe that our current office space will be adequate for the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an
adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such
legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or operating results. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

34 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

On September 27, 2022 our common stock began trading
on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SILO. Prior to that time, our common stock was quoted on the OTCQB. 

Security Holders 

As of March 8, 2023, there were 104 stockholders
of record of our common stock. The actual number of holders of our common stock is greater than this number of record holders, and includes
stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or held by other nominees. 

Dividends 

Preferred Stock 

Series C Preferred Stock Deemed Dividends 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
recorded 1,403,997 of deemed dividends resulting from the beneficial conversion feature in connection with the issuance of these Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not record any deemed dividend. 

Common Stock 

We have not declared or paid dividends on our
common stock since our formation. Declaration or payment of dividends, if any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our Board of
Directors and will depend on our then current financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed
relevant by the board of directors. There are no contractual restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends. 

Stock Repurchase Program 

We did not purchase any of our registered equity
securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and plan of operations together with and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes
appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed below. Factors
that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the
section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All amounts in this report are in U.S.
dollars, unless otherwise noted. 

35 

Overview 

We are a developmental stage biopharmaceutical
company focused on merging traditional therapeutics with psychedelic research. We are committed to developing innovative solutions to
address a variety of underserved conditions. In these uncertain times, the mental health of the nation and beyond is being put to
the test. More than ever, creative new therapies are needed to address the health challenges of today. Combining our resources with world-class
medical research partners, we hope to make significant advances in the medical and psychedelic space. 

Rare Disease Therapeutics 

We seek to acquire and/or develop intellectual
property or technology rights from leading universities and researchers to treat rare diseases, including the use of psychedelic drugs,
such as psilocybin, and the potential benefits they may have in certain cases involving depression, mental health issues and neurological
disorders. We are focused on merging traditional therapeutics with psychedelic research for people suffering from indications such
as depression, post-traumatic stress disorder PTSD ), Parkinson s, and other rare neurological disorders. Our mission
is to identify assets to license and fund the research which we believe will be transformative to the well-being of patients and the health
care industry. 

Psilocybin is considered a serotonergic hallucinogen
and is an active ingredient in some species of mushrooms. Recent industry studies using psychedelics, such as psilocybin, have been promising,
and we believe there is a large unmet need with many people suffering from depression, mental health issues and neurological disorders.
While classified as a Schedule I substance under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ), there is an accumulating body of evidence
that psilocybin may have beneficial effects on depression and other mental health conditions. Therefore, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency DEA have permitted the use of psilocybin in clinical studies for
the treatment of a range of psychiatric conditions. 

The potential of psilocybin therapy in mental health conditions has been
demonstrated in a number of academic-sponsored studies over the last decade. In these early studies, it was observed that psilocybin therapy
provided rapid reductions in depression symptoms after a single high dose, with antidepressant effects lasting for up to at least six
months for a number of patients. These studies assessed symptoms related to depression and anxiety through a number of widely used and
validated scales. The data generated by these studies suggest that psilocybin is generally well-tolerated and may have the potential to
treat depression when administered with psychological support. 

We have engaged in discussions with a number of
world-renowned educational institutions and advisors regarding potential opportunities and have formed a scientific advisory board that
is intended to help advise management regarding potential acquisition and development of products. 

In addition, as more fully described below, we have entered into a license
agreement with the University of Maryland, Baltimore, and have entered into a joint venture with Zyl Therapeutics, Inc., with respect
to certain intellectual property and technology that may be used for targeted delivery of potential novel treatments. In addition, we
have recently entered into a sponsored research agreement with Columbia University pursuant to which we have been granted an option to
license certain patents and inventions relating to the treatment of Alzheimer s disease and stress-induced affective disorders using
Ketamine in combination with certain other compounds. 

We plan to actively pursue the acquisition and/or
development of intellectual property or technology rights to treat rare diseases, and to ultimately expand our business to focus on this
new line of business. 

36 

License Agreements between the Company and
a Vendor 

Vendor License Agreement with the University
of Maryland, Baltimore for CNS Homing Peptide 

On February 12, 2021, we entered into a Master
License Agreement (the UMB License Agreement with the University of Maryland, Baltimore UMB pursuant to
which UMB granted us an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable, royalty-bearing license to certain intellectual property (i) to make, have
made, use, sell, offer to sell, and import certain licensed products and (ii) to use the invention titled, Central nervous system-homing
peptides in vivo and their use for the investigation and treatment of multiple sclerosis and other neuroinflammatory pathology 
(the Invention and UMB s confidential information to develop and perform certain licensed processes for the therapeutic
treatment of neuroinflammatory disease. The term of the License Agreement shall commence on the UMB Effective Date and shall continue
until the latest of (i) ten years from the date of First Commercial Sale (as defined in the Sublicense Agreement) of the Licensed Product
in such country and (ii) the date of expiration of the last to expire claim of the Patent Rights (as defined in the UMB License Agreement)
covering such Licensed Product in such country, or (iii) the expiration of data protection, new chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity,
regulatory exclusivity, or other legally enforceable market exclusivity, if applicable, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms
of the agreement. Pursuant to the UMB License Agreement, we agreed to pay UMB (i) a license fee of 75,000, (ii) certain event-based milestone
payments, (iii) royalty payments, depending on net revenues, (iv) minimum royalty payments, and (v) a tiered percentage of sublicense
income. The UMB License Agreement will remain in effect until the later of: (a) the last patent covered under the UMB License Agreement
expires, (b) the expiration of data protection, new chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity, regulatory exclusivity, or other legally
enforceable market exclusivity, if applicable, or (c) ten years after the first commercial sale of a licensed product in that country,
unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of the UMB License Agreement. The term of the UMB License Agreement shall
expire 15 years after the effective date in which (a) there were never any patent rights, (b) there was never any data protection, new
chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity, regulatory exclusivity, or other legally enforceable market exclusivity or (c) there was never
a first commercial sale of a licensed product. 

As described below, the Company has entered into
an investigator sponsored research agreement with UMB related to a clinical study to examine a novel peptide-guided drug delivery approach
for the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis. 

Commercial Evaluation License and Option Agreement with UMB for
Joint Homing Peptide 

Effective as of February 26, 2021, the Company,
through its wholly-subsidiary, Silo Pharma, Inc., and University of Maryland, Baltimore UMB ), entered into a commercial
evaluation license and option agreement License Agreement ), which granted the Company an exclusive, non-sublicensable,
non-transferable license to with respect to the exploration of the potential use of joint-homing peptides for use in the investigation
and treatment of arthritogenic processes. The License Agreement also granted the Company an exclusive option to negotiate and obtain an
exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-bearing license Exclusive Option to with respect to the subject technology. The License
Agreement had a term of six months from the effective date. Both parties could have terminated the License Agreement within thirty days
by giving a written notice. 

On July 6, 2021, the Company entered into a First
Amendment Agreement Amended License Agreement with UMB to extend the term of the original License Agreement by an additional
six months such that the Amended License Agreement was effective until February 25, 2022 however, if the Company exercises the Exclusive
Option, the License Agreement shall expire at the end of the negotiation period (as defined in the License Agreement) or upon execution
of a master license agreement, whichever occurs first. The Company paid a license fee of 10,000 to UMB in March 2021 pursuant to the
License Agreement, which was expensed, since the Company could not conclude that such costs would be recoverable for this early-stage
venture. 

On January 28, 2022, the Company and University
of Maryland, Baltimore entered into a second amendment to the License Agreement dated February 26, 2021 Second Amendment ).
[The Second Amendment extended the term of the License Agreement until December 31, 2022.] However, if the Company exercises the Exclusive
Option, the License Agreement shall expire at the end of the negotiation period (as defined in the License Agreement) or upon execution
of a master license agreement, whichever occurs first. On June 22, 2022, the Company and UMB entered into a third amendment to the License
Agreement dated February 26, 2021 under which UMB agreed, to expand the scope of the license granted in the CELA to add additional Patent
Rights with respect to an invention generally known as Peptide-Targeted Liposomal Delivery for Treatment Diagnosis, and Imaging
of Diseases and Disorders. On December 16, 2022, the Company and UMB entered into a fourth amendment to License Agreement (the
 Fourth Amendment dated February 26, 2021 to extend the term of the License Agreement until March 31, 2023. In addition,
the parties agreed in the Fourth Amendment to allow the Company to extend the term of the License Agreement to June 30, 2023 by paying
UMB a fee of 1,000 on or before February 28, 2022. This fee was paid and thus the term of the License Agreement was extended to June
30, 2023. 

37 

Joint Venture Agreement with Zyl Therapeutics, Inc. for Z-pod 
Technology 

On April 22, 2021, the Company entered into a
Joint Venture Agreement with Zyl Therapeutics, Inc. ZTI pursuant to which the parties agreed to form a joint venture
entity, to be named Ketamine Joint Venture, LLC, to, among other things, focus on the clinical development of ketamine using ZTI s
Z-pod technology. Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement, the Company shall act as the manager of the Joint Venture. The Venture
shall terminate if the development program does not meet certain specifications and milestones as set forth in the Joint Venture Agreement
within 30 days of the date set forth in the Joint Venture Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Manager may, in its sole discretion,
terminate the Venture at any time. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement, (A)
the Company shall contribute (1) 225,000 and (2) its expertise and the expertise of its science advisory board and (B) ZTI shall contribute
(1) certain rights to certain of its patented technology as set forth in the JV Agreement, (2) a license to the know-how and trade secrets
with respect to its Z-pod technology for the loading and release of ketamine, (3) ketamine to be used for clinical purposes, (4)
reasonable use of its facilities and permits and (5) its expertise and know-how. Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement, 51 of the interest
in the Joint Venture shall initially be owned by the Company and 49 of the interest in the Joint Venture shall initially be owned by
ZTI, subject to adjustment in the event of additional contributions by either party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall
either party own more than 60 of the interest in the Joint Venture. As of December 31, 2022 and as of the current date of this Annual
Report, the joint venture entity has not been formed yet. 

Furthermore, pursuant to the terms of the JV Agreement,
ZTI shall grant the Joint Venture a sublicense pursuant to its license agreement (the License Agreement with Albert Einstein
College of Medicine dated November 27, 2017, in the event that the Company or a third party makes a request indicating that the patented
technology (the Patented Technology licensed to ZTI pursuant to the License Agreement is needed to advance the development
of the Joint Venture or it is contemplated or determined that the Patented Technology will be sold. Furthermore, pursuant to the JV Agreement,
ZTI granted the Company an exclusive option to enter into a separate joint venture for the clinical development of psilocybin using ZTI s
Z-pod technology on the same terms and conditions set forth in the JV Agreement, which option shall expire 24 months after the
JV Effective 

Investigator-Sponsored Study Agreements between
the Company and Vendors 

Sponsored Research Agreement with Columbia
University for the Study of Ketamine in Combination with Other Drugs for Treatment of Alzheimer s and Depression Disorders 

On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a
sponsored research agreement with Columbia University Columbia pursuant to which Columbia shall conduct two different
studies related to all uses of Ketamine or its metabolites in combination with Prucalopride, one of which is related to Alzheimer s
and the other of which is related to Depression, PTSD and Stress Projects. In addition, Company has been granted an option to license
certain assets currently under development, including Alzheimer s disease. The term of the option will commence on the effective
date of this agreement and will expire upon the earlier of (i) 90 days after the date of the Company s receipt of a final research
report for each specific research proposal as defined in the agreement or (ii) termination of the research. If the Company elects to exercise
the option, both parties will commence negotiation of a license agreement and will execute a license agreement no later than 3 months
after the dated of the exercise of the option. Columbia University and the Company will work towards developing a therapeutic treatment
for patients suffering from Alzheimer s disease to posttraumatic stress disorder. During a one-year period from the date of this
agreement, the Company shall pay a total of 1,436,082 to Columbia University for the support of the research according to the payment
schedule as follows: (i) 30 at signing, (ii) 30 at four and half months after the start of the project, (iii) 30 at nine months after
the start of the project and, (iv)10 at completion of the project. On October 13, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment of the
sponsored research agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the payment schedule until March 31, 2024. The Company paid
the first payment of 430,825 in November 2021 and the second payment of 430,825 in July 2022. 

38 

Sponsored Research Agreement with University
of Maryland, Baltimore for the Study of Targeted liposomal drug delivery for rheumatoid arthritis 

On July 6, 2021, we entered into a sponsored
research agreement (the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement with UMB pursuant to which UMB shall evaluate the
pharmacokinetics of dexamethasone delivered to arthritic rats via liposome. The research pursuant to the July 2021 Sponsored
Research Agreement commenced on September 1, 2021 and will continue until the substantial completion thereof, subject to renewal
upon written consent of the parties with a project timeline of twelve months. The July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement may be
terminated by either party upon 30 days prior written notice to the other party. In addition, if either party commits any
material breach of or defaults with respect to any terms or conditions of the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement and fails to
remedy such default or breach within 10 business days after written notice from the other party, the party giving notice may
terminate the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement as of the date of receipt of such notice by the other party. If the Company
terminates the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement for any reason other than an uncured material breach by UMB, we shall
relinquish any and all rights it may have in the Results (as defined in the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement) to UMB. In
addition, if the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement is terminated early, we, among other things, will pay all costs incurred and
accrued by UMB as of the date of termination. Pursuant to the terms of the July 2021 Sponsored Research Agreement, UMB granted us an
option (the Option to negotiate and obtain an exclusive license to any UMB Arising IP (as defined in the July 2021
Sponsored Research Agreement) and UMB s rights in any Joint Arising IP (as defined in the July 2021 Sponsored Research
Agreement) (collectively, the UMB IP ). We may exercise the Option by giving UMB written notice within 60 days after it
receives notice from UMB of the UMB IP. We shall pay total fees of 276,285 as set forth in the July 2021 Sponsored Research
Agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded research and development expense of 187,090 and
 92,095, respectively. 

Sponsored Research Agreement with The Regents
of the University of California for the Effect of Psilocybin on Inflammation in the Blood 

On June 1, 2021, the Company entered into a sponsored
research agreement Sponsored Research Agreement with The Regents of the University of California, on behalf of its San
Francisco Campus UCSF pursuant to which UCSF shall conduct a study to examine psilocybin s effect on inflammatory
activity in humans to accelerate its implementation as a potential treatment for Parkinson s Disease, chronic pain, and bipolar
disorder. The purpose of this is to show what effect psilocybin has on inflammation in the blood. The Company believe that this study
will help support the UMB homing peptide study. Pursuant to the Agreement, we shall pay UCSF a total fee of 342,850 to conduct the research
over the two-year period. The Agreement shall be effective for a period of two years from the effective date, subject to renewal or earlier
termination as set forth in the Sponsored Research Agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, pursuant to the Sponsored
Research Agreement, the Company paid to UCSF 181,710 and 100,570, respectively. 

Investigator-Sponsored Study Agreement with
UMB for CNS Homing Peptide 

On January 5, 2021, we entered into an investigator-sponsored
study agreement with UMB. The research project is a clinical study to examine a novel peptide-guided drug delivery approach for the treatment
of Multiple Sclerosis MS ). More specifically, the study is designed to evaluate (1) whether MS-1-displaying liposomes can
effectively deliver dexamethasone to the central nervous system and (2) whether MS-1-displaying liposomes are superior to plain liposomes,
also known as free drug, in inhibiting the relapses and progression of Experimental Autoimmune Encephalomyelitis. Pursuant to the agreement,
the research commenced on March 1, 2021 and will continue until substantial completion, subject to renewal upon mutual written consent
of the parties. The total cost under the investigator-sponsored study agreement shall not exceed 81,474 which is payable in two
equal installments of 40,737 upon execution of the Sponsored Study Agreement and 40,737 upon completion of the project with an estimated
project timeline of nine months. The Company paid 40,737 on January 13, 2021. Currently, this project was postponed until further notice
and the second payment is not due. 

Investigator-Sponsored Study Agreement with
Maastricht University of the Netherlands 

On November 1, 2020, we entered into an investigator-sponsored
study agreement with Maastricht University of the Netherlands. The research project is a clinical study to examine the effects of repeated
low doses of psilocybin and lysergic acid diethylamide on cognitive and emotional dysfunctions in Parkinson s disease and to
understand its mechanism of action. The agreement shall terminate on October 31, 2024, unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms
thereof. We shall pay a total fee of 433,885 Euros 507,602 USD) exclusive of value added tax based on a payment schedule set forth in
the agreement. In December 2020, the Company paid the first payment of 101,520. In September 2021, we notified Maastricht University
of Netherlands for an early termination of this agreement. Maastricht University of Netherlands has not reached the second phase which
is to obtain approval from ethical committee. We have no further obligation after the termination. 

39 

Other License Agreements between the Company
and a Customer 

Customer Patent License Agreement with Aikido
Pharma Inc. 

On January 5, 2021, we entered into a Patent License
Agreement (the Aikido License Agreement with our wholly-owned subsidiary, Silo Pharma, Inc., and Aikido Pharma Inc. Aikido pursuant to which we granted Aikido an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable, royalty-bearing license to certain intellectual property (i)
to make, have made, use, provide, import, export, lease, distribute, sell, offer for sale, develop and advertise certain licensed products
and (ii) to develop and perform certain licensed processes for the treatment of cancer and symptoms caused by cancer. The Aikido License
Agreement relates to the rights which we had obtained under the UMB Option Agreement. Pursuant to the Aikido License Agreement, we agreed
that if we exercised the UMB Option, we would grant Aikido a non-exclusive sublicense to certain UMB patent rights in the field of neuroinflammatory
diseases occurring in patients diagnosed with cancer. The UMB Option was exercised on January 13, 2021. Accordingly, on April 6, 2021,
we entered into a sublicense agreement with Aikido pursuant to which we granted Aikido a worldwide exclusive sublicense to our licensed
patents under the UMB License Agreement (see below Sublicense with Aikido Pharma Inc. ). 

Customer Sublicense Agreement with Aikido
Pharma Inc. 

On April 6, 2021 Effective Date ),
we entered into a sublicense agreement (the Sublicense Agreement with Aikido pursuant to which we granted Aikido an exclusive
worldwide sublicense to (i) make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell and import the Licensed Products (as defined below) and (ii) in
connection therewith to (A) use the Invention that was sublicensed to us pursuant to the UMB License Agreement and (B) practice certain
patent rights as set forth in the Sublicense Agreement (the Patent Rights for the therapeutic treatment of neuroinflammatory
disease in cancer patients. Licensed Products means any product, service, or process, the development, making, use, offer
for sale, sale, importation, or providing of which: (i) is covered by one or more claims of the Patent Rights; or (ii) contains, comprises,
utilizes, incorporates, or is derived from the Invention or any technology disclosed in the Patent Rights. Pursuant to the Sublicense
Agreement, Aikido shall agree to pay the Company (i) an upfront license fee of 50,000, (ii) the same sales-based royalty payments
that we are subject to under the UMB License Agreement and (iii) total milestone payments of up to 1.9 million. The Sublicense Agreement
shall continue on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and country-by-country basis until the later of (i) the date of expiration of
the last to expire claim of the Patent Rights covering such Licensed Product in such country, (ii) the expiration of data protection,
new chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity, regulatory exclusivity or other legally enforceable market exclusivity, if applicable and
(iii) 10 years after the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in that country, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms
of the Sublicense Agreement. Furthermore, the Sublicense Agreement shall expire 15 years after the Effective Date with respect to any
country in which (i) there were never any Patent Rights, (ii) there was never any data protection, new chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity,
regulatory exclusivity or other legally enforceable market exclusivity with respect to a Licensed Product and (ii) there was never a commercial
sale of a Licensed Product, unless such agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to its terms. The Company collected the upfront license
fee of 50,000 in April 2021. 

COVID-19 

The outbreak of the novel Coronavirus (COVID-19)
evolved into a global pandemic. The Coronavirus has spread to many regions of the world. The extent to which the Coronavirus impacts the
Company s business and operating results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted,
including new information that may emerge concerning the Coronavirus and the actions to contain the Coronavirus or treat its impact, among
others. 

As a result of the continuing spread of the Coronavirus,
certain aspects of the Company s business operations may be delayed or subject to interruptions. Specifically, as a result of the
shelter-in-place orders and other mandated local travel restrictions, among other things, the research and development activities of certain
of the Company s partners may be affected, which may result in delays to the Company s clinical trials, and the Company can
provide no assurance as to when such trials, if delayed, will resume at this time or the revised timeline to complete trials once resumed. 

Furthermore, site initiation, participant recruitment
and enrollment, participant dosing, distribution of clinical trial materials, study monitoring and data analysis may be delayed due to
changes in hospital or university policies, federal, state or local regulations, prioritization of hospital resources toward pandemic
efforts, or other reasons related to the pandemic. If the Coronavirus continues to spread, some participants and clinical investigators
may not be able to comply with clinical trial protocols. For example, quarantines or other travel limitations (whether voluntary or required)
may impede participant movement, affect sponsor access to study sites, or interrupt healthcare services, and the Company may be unable
to conduct its clinical trials. 

40 

Infections and deaths related to the pandemic
may disrupt the United States healthcare and healthcare regulatory systems. Such disruptions could divert healthcare resources
away from, or materially delay U.S. Food and Drug Administration review and/or approval with respect to the Company s clinical trials.
It is unknown how long these disruptions could continue, were they to occur. Any elongation or de-prioritization of the Company s
clinical trials or delay in regulatory review resulting from such disruptions could materially affect the development and study of the
Company s product candidates. 

The spread of the Coronavirus, which has caused
a broad impact globally, including restrictions on travel and quarantine policies put into place by businesses and governments, may have
a material economic effect on the Company s business. While the potential economic impact brought by and the duration of the pandemic
may be difficult to assess or predict, it has already caused, and is likely to result in further, significant disruption of global financial
markets, which may negatively impact the Company s ability to access capital on favorable terms, if at all. In addition, a recession,
depression or other sustained adverse market event resulting from the spread of the Coronavirus could materially and adversely affect
the Company s business and the value of its common stock. 

The ultimate impact of the current pandemic, or
any other health epidemic, is highly uncertain and subject to change. The Company does not yet know the full extent of potential delays
or impacts on its business, its clinical trials, its research programs, healthcare systems or the global economy as a whole. However,
these effects could have a material impact on the Company s operations, and the Company will continue to monitor the situation closely. 

Equity Investments 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, equity investments,
at cost of 3,118 and 419,995, respectively, comprised mainly of marketable common stock. Equity investments are carried at fair value
with unrealized gains or losses which is recorded as net unrealized gain (loss) on equity investments in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations. Realized gains and losses are determined on a specific identification basis which is recorded as net realized
gain (loss) on equity investments in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company reviews equity investments, at fair value for
impairment whenever circumstances and situations change such that there is an indication that the carrying amounts may not be recovered. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Our Results of Operations for the Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table summarizes the results of
operations for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 and were based primarily on the comparative audited financial statements, footnotes
and related information for the periods identified and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the
notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this report. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 72,102 
 71,264 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 5,838 
 5,004 
 
 Gross profit 
 66,264 
 66,260 
 
 Operating expenses 
 3,693,920 
 2,810,603 
 
 Operating loss from continuing operations 
 (3,627,656 
 (2,744,343 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 (279,732 
 6,926,327 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 (24,876 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 (1,163 
 (253,367 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (3,908,551 
 3,903,741 

41 

Revenues 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we generated minimal revenues from operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues consisted of revenues on licensing fees
related to our biopharmaceutical operation of 72,102, as compared to 71,264 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such revenues are
primarily related to the Aikido License and Sublicense Agreement. 

Cost of Revenues 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, cost
of revenues on license fees related to our biopharmaceutical operation amounted to 5,838 as compared to 5,004 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The primary components of cost of revenues on license fees include the cost of the license fees primarily related to the UMB
License and Sublicense Agreement. 

Operating Expenses 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
total operating expenses consisted of the following: 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Compensation expense 
 577,651 
 395,123 
 
 Professional fees 
 1,496,687 
 1,598,367 
 
 Research and development 
 1,286,434 
 693,910 
 
 Insurance expense 
 125,889 
 108,750 
 
 Bad debt (recovery) expense 
 (20,000 
 (148,500 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 227,259 
 162,953 
 
 Total 
 3,693,920 
 2,810,603 

Compensation Expense : 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, compensation expense was 577,651 and 395,123, respectively, an increase of 182,528, or 46.2 . This increase resulted from an increase in stock-based compensation of 111,014, an increase in BOD fees of 44,000, an increase payroll expense of 89,100, and an increase in other payroll related expenses of 19,914, offset by a decrease in bonus of 81,500. 

Professional Fees : 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, professional fees were 1,496,687 and 1,598,367, respectively, a decrease of 101,680, or 6.4 . The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in other consulting fees of 188,163, a decrease in legal fees of 81,948 , a decrease in option fees of 10,000, a decrease in stock-based consulting fees of 62,937 related to the issuance of shares to consultants for business advisory and strategic planning services, and a decrease in accounting fees of 32,045, offset by an increase in auditing fees of 29,391 and an increase in investor relation fees of 244,022. 

Research and Development: 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred research and development expense of 1,286,434 and 693,910, respectively, an increase of 592,524, or 85.4 . The increase was a result of increase in research and development costs in connection with the Investigator-sponsored Study Agreement with UCSF, UMB, Columbia University, and other parties. 

Insurance Expense : 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, insurance expense was 125,889 and 108,750, respectively, an increase of 17,139, or 15.8 . This increase was a result of increase in the cost of renewal of D O insurance policy. 

Bad Debt Recovery: 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded bad debt recovery of 20,000 and 148,500, a decrease of 128,500. We recorded bad debt recovery from the collection of a previously written off note receivable deemed uncollectible. 

42 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses : 

Selling, general and administrative expenses include advertising and promotion, patent related expenses, public company expenses, custodian fees, bank service charges, travel, and other office expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, selling, general and administrative expenses were 227,259 and 162,953, respectively, an increase of 64,306, or 39.5 . The increase was primarily attributed to an increase in public company expenses of 49,808, an increase in promotion expenses of 22,355, and an increase in other office expenses of 32,895, offset by a decrease in annual meeting proxy expense of 19,738, and a decrease in patent related expenses of 21,014. 

Operating Loss from Continuing Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
loss from continuing operations amounted to 3,627,656 and 2,744,343, respectively, an increase of 883,313, or 32.2 . The increase
was primarily a result of the changes in operating expenses discussed above. 

Other Income (Expenses), net 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
other income (expense), net amounted to (279,732) and 6,926,327, respectively, a change of (7,206,059), or 104.0 . The increase in
other income (expense), net was primarily due to an increase in net unrealized (loss) on equity investment of (579,791), an decrease
in net realized gain on equity investment of (6,765,183) from the sale of equity investment, an increase in net interest income of 72,264
resulting from the interest on note receivable and bank deposits, and an increase in other income of 85,733 resulting from the grant
date fair value of Home Bistro, Inc common stock received in exchange for entering into a lock up agreement with Home Bistro, Inc, and
a decrease in gain on forgiveness of PPP notes payable from 2021 of (19,082). 

Loss from Discontinued Operations 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
loss from discontinued operations amounted to 1,163 and 253,367, respectively, a decrease of 252,204, or 99.5 . The decrease was primarily
due to a sale of the Company s NFID business in September 2021. 

Preferred Stock Dividend 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
dividends amounted to 0 and 1,403,997, respectively, a decrease of 1,403,997, or 100.0 . 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
recorded 1,403,997 of deemed dividends resulting from the beneficial conversion feature in connection with the issuance of these Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net loss
and net loss available to common stockholders amounted to (3,908,551) or (1.71) per common share (basic and diluted), as compared to
net income of 3,903,741 and net income available to common stockholders of 2,499,744, or 1.45 per common share (basic) and 1.43 per
common share (diluted) for the year ended December 31, 2021, a negative change of 6,408,295, or 256.4 . The change was primarily a result
of the changes discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of an enterprise to generate
adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. We had a working capital of 11,135,738 and 11,367,034 in cash and
cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, and working capital of 9,912,281 and 9,837,001 in cash and cash equivalents as of December
31, 2021, respectively. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Working Capital Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Working capital: 

Total current assets 
 11,572,056 
 10,402,320 
 1,169,736 
 11 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 (436,318 
 (490,039 
 53,721 
 11 
 
 Working capital: 
 11,135,738 
 9,912,281 
 1,223,457 
 12 

The increase in working capital of 1,223,457
was primarily attributable to an increase in current assets of 1,169,736 primarily due to increase in cash of 1.5 million and an increase
in current liabilities of 53,721, offset by a decrease in equity investments of 417,000. 

43 

Cash Flows 

A summary of cash flow activities is summarized as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 (3,497,622 
 (2,278,016 
 
 Cash provided by investing activities 
 86,707 
 7,192,526 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 4,940,948 
 3,794,102 
 
 Net increase in cash 
 1,530,033 
 8,708,612 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 3,497,622 and 2,278,016, respectively, an increase of 1,219,606, or 54 . 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily reflected a net loss of 3,908,551, adjusted for the
add-back of non-cash items such net realized loss on equity investments of 104,700, net unrealized loss on equity investments of 331,203,
bad debt recovery of 20,000, stock-based compensation of 156,047, and equity shares earned for lock up agreement of 85,733, and changes
in operating asset and liabilities primarily consisting of a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 55,335, an increase
of interest receivable of 4,800, a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 53,721 and a decrease in deferred revenue of
 72,102. 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily reflected a net income of 3,903,741 adjusted for the
add-back of non-cash items such net realized gain on equity investments of 6,660,483, net unrealized gain on equity investments of 248,588,
bad debt recovery of 148,500, amortization of prepaid stock-based compensation of 107,970, stock-based compensation of 83,728, gain
on forgiveness of PPP note payable of 19,082, gain on disposal of assets from discontinued operations of 1,553 and changes
in operating asset and liabilities primarily consisting of an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 38,862, an increase
in assets of discontinued operations of 24,963, an increase of interest receivable of 1,210, an increase in accounts payable and accrued
expenses of 291,050 and an increase in deferred revenue of 478,736. 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

Net cash provided by investing activities for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 86,707 and 7,192,526, respectively, a decrease of 7,105,819 or 99 . 

Net
cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 86,707 which consisted of aggregate proceeds from sale
of equity investments in Aikido of 66,707 and proceeds from collection of previously written off notes receivable of 20,000. 

Net
cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 7,192,526 which consisted of aggregate proceeds from
sale of equity investments in Aikido and DatChat, Inc. of 7,020,526, proceeds from collection of previously written off notes receivable
of 7,500 and proceeds from notes receivable collection of 164,500. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 4,940,948 and 3,794,102, respectively, an increase of 1,146,846, or 30 . 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,940,948 which consisted of net proceeds from the sale
of common stock of 4,940,948. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 3,794,102 which consisted of net proceeds from sale of
preferred stock of 3,794,102, proceeds from a related party advance of 2,366 offset by repayment of the related party advance of 2,366. 

44 

Cash Requirements 

The Company believes that the proceeds from the
sale of our equity investments of 66,707 and the proceeds from the sale of our common stock of 4,940,948 amounting to aggregate proceeds
of 5,007,655, during the year ended December 31, 2022, will provide sufficient cash required to meet our obligations for a minimum of
twelve months from the date of this filing. 

We currently have no material commitments for
any capital expenditures. 

Liquidity 

As reflected in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, the Company generated a net loss of 3,908,551 and used cash in operations of 3,497,622, for the year ended December
31, 2022. Additionally, the Company has an accumulated deficit of 7,171,128 at December 31, 2022. On December 31, 2022, the Company cash
and cash equivalents of 11,367,034. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has received gross proceeds of approximately
 66,707 from the sale of equity investments and net proceeds from the sale of common stock of 4,940,948. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had working capital of 11,135,738. 

These events served to mitigate the conditions
that historically raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company believes the
proceeds received during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 will provide sufficient cash flows to meet its obligations for a minimum
of twelve months from the date of this filing. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible
that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements,
which management considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly, the
actual results could differ significantly from estimates. Significant estimates during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include
the collectability of notes receivable, the percentage of completion of research and development projects, the valuation of equity investments,
estimates of the deemed dividend, valuation allowances for deferred tax assets, the fair value of warrants issued with debt and for services,
and the fair value of shares issued for services and in settlements. 

45 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company applies ASC Topic 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). ASC 606 establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for
revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most of the existing revenue recognition guidance. This standard requires
an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services and also requires certain additional disclosures. 

The Company records interest and dividend income
on an accrual basis to the extent that the Company expects to collect such amounts. 

For the license and royalty income, revenue is
recognized when the Company satisfies the performance obligation based on the related license agreement. Payments received from the licensee
that are related to future periods are recorded as deferred revenue to be recognized as revenues over the term of the related license
agreement. 

Product sales were recognized when the NFID products
were shipped to the customer and title was transferred and were recorded net of any discounts or allowances which are separately reported
as discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock-based compensation is accounted for based
on the requirements of ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation , which requires recognition in the financial
statements of the cost of employee, director, and non-employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments over the
period the employee, director, or non-employee is required to perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively, the vesting
period). The ASC also requires measurement of the cost of employee, director, and non-employee services received in exchange for an award
based on the grant-date fair value of the award. [The Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur as permitted under Accounting
Standards Update ASU 2016-09 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment.] 

Research and Development 

In accordance with ASC 730-10, Research
and Development-Overall, research and development costs are expensed when incurred. During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, research and development costs were 1,286,434 and 693,910, respectively. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments and
Fair Value Measurements 

We use the guidance of ASC Topic 820 for fair
value measurements which clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value
hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. 

Level 2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for
similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not
active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect
the reporting entity s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based
on the best available information. 

The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets
for cash, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate their fair market value based
on the short-term maturity of these instruments. 

46 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update ASU 2020-06, which simplifies the guidance on the issuer s accounting for convertible debt instruments by
removing the separation models for convertible debt with a cash conversion feature and convertible instruments with a beneficial conversion
feature. As a result, entities will not separately present in equity an embedded conversion feature in such debt and will account for
a convertible debt instrument wholly as debt, unless certain other conditions are met. The elimination of these models will reduce reported
interest expense and increase reported net income for entities that have issued a convertible instrument that is within the scope of ASU
2020-06. ASU 2020-06 is applicable for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted no earlier than fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company adopted this ASU in the first quarter of 2022 and the adoption of this ASU did not
have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings
Per Share (Topic 260), Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives
and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). The new ASU addresses issuer s accounting for certain modifications
or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options. This amendment is effective for all entities, for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the
impact of the revised guidance and believes that it will not have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements and the reports of our
independent registered public accounting firm required pursuant to this Item are included in Item 15 of this report and are presented
beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, 
as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated our company s disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective. The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures was due to material weaknesses, which we identified, in our
report on internal control over financial reporting. 

47 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Our management s
evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting was based on the 2013 framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework,
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that
as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

The ineffectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which we identified in our internal control over financial reporting: 

We lack segregation of duties within accounting functions duties as a result of our limited financial resources to support hiring of personnel. 

We have not implemented adequate system and manual controls. 

A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination
of control deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors
and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have
been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can
occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additional controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion
of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report by our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. As a smaller reporting
company, our management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Because of its inherent limitations, a system
of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

48 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the names, positions
and ages of our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report. 

All directors shall serve until the next 2023
annual meeting of stockholders. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Eric Weisblum 
 
 53 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 
 
 Daniel Ryweck 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Wayne D. Linsley 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr. Kevin Mu oz 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Jeff Pavell 
 
 56 
 
 Director 

Biographical information concerning the directors
and executive officers listed above is set forth below: 

Eric Weisblum 

Eric Weisblum is the founder and Chief Executive
Officer of Silo Pharma Inc. Prior to Silo Pharma Mr. Weisblum was a private investor, board member, and advisor to several companies.
Mr. Weisblum has experience in both licensing therapeutic assets and assisting in their development. As a result, Mr. Weisblum brings
with him nearly 20 years of experience in structuring and trading financial instruments. Mr. Weisblum was a registered representative
with Domestic Securities, a New Jersey-based broker-dealer. While with Domestic Securities, Mr. Weisblum held the Series 7 - General Securities
Representative, the Series 63 Uniform Securities Agent State Law Examination, and the Series 55 Registered Equity Trader
securities registrations. From 1993 to 2002, Mr. Weisblum originated, structured, traded, and placed structured financing transactions
at M.H. Meyerson Co. Inc., a publicly-traded registered investment bank. He holds a B.A. from the University of Hartford s
Barney School of Business. 

Daniel Ryweck 

Mr. Ryweck has served as Chief Financial Officer
of the Company since September 27, 2022. Since January 2020, Mr. Ryweck has served as Controller at Mill City Ventures III Ltd. (NASDAQ:
MCVT), a non-bank lender and specialty finance company. From. June 2014 to December 2019, he served as Chief Compliance Officer of Mill
City Ventures III Ltd. Mr. Ryweck holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the Carlson School of Management at the University
of Minnesota. 

Wayne D. Linsley 

Wayne D. Linsley has served as a director of the
Company since January 2020. Mr. Linsley has over 40 years of experience in business management. Since April 2020, Mr. Linsley has served
as a member of the board of directors of Hoth Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: HOTH), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. Since August
2021, Mr. Linsley has served as a member of the board of directors of DatChat, Inc. (NASDAQ: DATS), a communication software company.
From 2014 to September 2021, Mr. Linsley served as the Vice President of Operations at CFO Oncall, Inc., a company that provides financial
reporting and controller services on an outsourced basis and previously, from 2012 to 2014, Mr. Linsley worked at CFO Oncall, Inc. as
an independent contractor. Mr. Linsley holds Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Siena College. We believe that
Mr. Linsley is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his experience as a director of public companies and
background in financial reporting. 

Dr. Kevin Mu oz 

Dr. Kevin Mu oz has served as a director
of the Company since October 2020. Since December 2021, Dr. Mu oz has taught Biomedical Science and Medical Intervention at Passaic
County Technical Institute. Since June 2008, Dr. Mu oz has served as the Director of Operations and Medical Assistant at The Physical
Medicine and Rehabilitation Center, P.A., a diagnostic and treatment facility that specializes in treating sports, spine, orthopedic and
neuromuscular conditions. Dr. Mu oz holds Doctor of Medicine degree from Xavier University School of Medicine and a Bachelor of
Science degree in Kinesiology from the University of Michigan. We believe that Dr. Mu oz is qualified to serve as a member of our
board of directors because of his medical background and experience in business operations. 

49 

Dr. Jeff Pavell Director 

Dr. Pavell has served as our director since September
27, 2022. Dr. Pavell has over 20 years of medical experience. Since January 2021, Dr. Pavell has served as a director of FoxWayne Enterprises
Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: FOXW), a blank check company incorporated for the purpose of effecting a business combination. Since October
1999, Dr. Pavell has served as an Attending Physician at the Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Center, P.A., a diagnostic and treatment
facility that specializes in treating sports, spine, orthopedic and neuromuscular conditions. Since January 2000, Dr. Pavell has served
as the Chief of Rehabilitation Medicine at Englewood Hospital and Medical Center. Since April 2002, Dr. Pavell has served as the Associate
Director of Pain Medicine at the Center for Advanced Surgery in Paramus, New Jersey. Since April 2002, Dr. Pavell has been an Instructor
in Clinical Rehabilitation at Columbia University s College of Physicians Surgeons. Dr. Pavell holds a Doctor of Medicine
degree from the New York College of Osteopathic Medicine and a Bachelor of Art degree in Political Science from John Hopkins University.
We believe that Dr. Pavell is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his medical background and experience practicing
in the healthcare industry. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of
our executive officers or directors. 

Arrangements between Officers and Directors 

Except as set forth herein, to our knowledge,
there is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers or directors and any other person pursuant to which the officer or
director was selected to serve as an officer or director. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

We are not aware of any of our directors or officers
being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings
(other than traffic and other minor offenses), or being subject to any of the items set forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Committees of Our
Board of Directors 

Our board of directors directs the management
of our business and affairs, as provided by Delaware law, and conducts its business through meetings of the board of directors and its
standing committees. We have a standing audit committee and compensation committee. In addition, from time to time, special committees
may be established under the direction of the board of directors when necessary to address specific issues. 

Our board of directors has determined that all
of the members of the audit committee and the compensation committee are independent as defined under the applicable rules of The Nasdaq
Capital Market, including, in the case of all of the members of our audit committee, the independence requirements contemplated by Rule
10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In making such determination, the board of directors considered the relationships that each director has
with our Company and all other facts and circumstances that the board of directors deemed relevant in determining director independence,
including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each director. 

Audit Committee 

Our audit committee is responsible for, among
other things: 

approving and retaining the independent registered public accounting firm to conduct the annual audit of our consolidated financial statements; 

reviewing the proposed scope and results of the audit; 

reviewing and pre-approval of audit and non-audit fees and services; 

reviewing accounting and financial controls with the independent registered public accounting firm and our financial and accounting staff; 

reviewing and approving transactions between us and our directors, officers and affiliates; 

establishing procedures for complaints received by us regarding accounting matters; 

overseeing internal audit functions, if any; and 

preparing the report of the audit committee that the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission require to be included in our annual meeting proxy statement. 

50 

Our audit committee consists of Wayne D. Linsley,
Jeff Pavel and Dr. Kevin Mu oz, with Mr. Linsley serving as chair. Each member of our audit committee meets the financial
literacy requirements of the Nasdaq rules. In addition, our board of directors has determined that Mr. Linsley qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our compensation committee is responsible for,
among other things: 

reviewing and recommending the compensation arrangements for management, including the compensation for our president and chief executive officer; 

establishing and reviewing general compensation policies with the objective to attract and retain superior talent, to reward individual performance and to achieve our financial goals; 

administering our stock incentive plans; and 

preparing the report of the compensation committee that the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission require to be included in our annual meeting proxy statement. 

Our compensation committee consists of Wayne D.
Linsley, Jeff Pavell and Dr. Kevin Mu oz, with Mr. Linsley serving as chair. 

Scientific Advisory Board 

We have formed a scientific advisory board that
is intended to help advise management regarding potential acquisition and development of products. The members of such board are as follows:
Dr. Josh Woolley MD/Ph.D.; and Dr. Charles Nemeroff. 

Dr. Josh Woolley MD/Ph.D. is an Associate Professor
in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the University of California, San Francisco UCSF ). He is also
a licensed psychiatrist on staff at the San Francisco Veterans Affairs Medical Center. He received both his MD and his Ph.D. in Neuroscience
from UCSF and completed his psychiatry residency training at UCSF. Dr. Woolley is the director and founder of the Bonding and Attunement
in Neuropsychiatric Disorders BAND Laboratory. The mission of the BAND Lab is to understand why people with mental illnesses,
including schizophrenia, posttraumatic stress disorder, mood disorders, and substance use disorders, have trouble with social connection,
and to develop and test novel treatments for these deficits. His laboratory is actively investigating psilocybin therapy for multiple
disorders including major depressive disorder, bipolar depression, chronic pain, and mood symptoms associated with Parkinson s Disease. 

Dr. Charles Nemeroff is chair and professor with
the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences. He also directs the Institute for Early Life Adversity Research within the Department
of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences as part of the Mulva Clinic for the Neurosciences. Prior to joining Dell Med, Dr. Nemeroff was chair
of the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences and clinical director of the Center on Aging at the University of Miami Miller
School of Medicine in Miami, Florida. He received his medical degree and doctorate degrees in neurobiology from the University of North
Carolina UNC School of Medicine. After psychiatry residency training at UNC and Duke University, he held faculty positions
at Duke University Medical Center and at Emory University School of Medicine before relocating to the University of Miami in 2009. He
has served as president of the American College of Psychiatrists and the American College of Neuropsychopharmacology and sits on the Scientific
Advisory Board of the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation. He is President-elect of the Anxiety and Depression Association of America
and a member of the National Academy of Medicine. 

51 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities, to file with the SEC
initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. 

To our knowledge, based solely upon a review of
Forms 3, 4, and 5 filed with the SEC during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we believe that, except as set forth below, our directors,
executive officers, and greater than 10 beneficial owners have complied with all applicable filing requirements during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Wayne Linsley failed to timely report one transaction on a Form 4, which report has now been filed. 

Kevin Munoz failed to timely report one transaction on a Form 4, which has now been filed. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Business Ethics that
applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Business Ethics is incorporated by reference as an exhibit.
Disclosure regarding any amendments to, or waivers from, provisions of the code of conduct and ethics that apply to our directors, principal
executive and financial officers will be posted on our website at www.silopharma.com or will be included in a Current Report
on Form 8-K, which we will file within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. 

Changes in Nominating Procedures 

None. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table provides certain information
regarding compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to persons serving as our principal executive officer and our principal financial
officer during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (each a named executive officer ). 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non- Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 
 Eric Weisblum, 
 Chief Executive 
 2022 
 222,500 (1) 
 100,000 (2) 

9,750 (6) 
 332,250 
 
 Officer 
 2021 
 175,000 (3) 
 170,000 (4) 

345,000 

Daniel Ryweck, 
 2022 
 15,000 (5) 

15,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (since September 28, 2022) 
 2021 

(1) 
 On October 12, 2022, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Eric Weisblum (the Weisblum Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Weisblum s (i) base salary will be 350,000 per year, (ii) Mr. Weisblum will be paid a one-time signing bonus of 100,000, and (iii) Mr. Weisblum shall be entitled to receive an annual bonus of up to 350,000, subject to the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. On January 18, 2021, the Company and Mr. Weisblum entered into the first amendment (the Amendment to the Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2021. Pursuant to the Amendment Mr. Weisblum s base salary was increased from 120,000 per year to 180,000 per year and all the terms and provisions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

52 

(2) 
 
 Pursuant to the Weisblum Employment Agreement
 entered into between the Company and Mr. Weisblum on October 12, 2022, Mr. Weisblum received a signing bonus of 100,000. 

(3) 
 
 On January 18, 2021, the Company and Mr. Weisblum
 entered into the first amendment (the Amendment to the Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2021. Pursuant
 to the Amendment Mr. Weisblum s base salary was increased from 120,000 per year to 180,000 per year and all the terms and provisions
 of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

(4) 
 Pursuant to Mr. Weisblum s Employment Agreement dated April 17, 2020 he was eligible to earn a bonus in an amount of up to 120,000. On December 29, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors Board approved bonus of 120,000 which was recorded as accrued liability as of December 31, 2021 and was paid out in January 2022. In addition, Mr. Weisblum also received in 2021, a cash bonus of 50,000 for his services in 2020. 

(5) 
 On September 28, 2022, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Ryweck under which it agreed to pay a base salary of 42,000 per year. On October 12, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to this employment agreement under which it increased his base salary to 60,000 per year. 

(6) 
 During 2022, the Company contributed 9,750 to the Company s 401(k) plan. 

Narrative Disclosure
to Summary Compensation Table 

Except as otherwise described
below, there are no compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company with respect to any named executive
officer, that would result in payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of employment
with the Company, or our subsidiaries, any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in
control of the Company. 

Employment Agreements 

Eric Weisblum 

On October 12, 2022, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Eric Weisblum (the Weisblum Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Weisblum s (i)
base salary will be 350,000 per year, (ii) Mr. Weisblum will be paid a one-time signing bonus of 100,000, and (iii) Mr. Weisblum shall
be entitled to receive an annual bonus of up to 350,000, subject to the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors of the Company (the Compensation Committee ), and upon the achievement of additional criteria established by the
Compensation Committee from time to time (the Annual Bonus ). In addition, pursuant to the Weisblum Employment Agreement,
upon termination of Mr. Weisblum s employment for death or Total Disability (as defined in the Weisblum Employment Agreement), in
addition to any accrued but unpaid compensation and vacation pay through the date of his termination and any other benefits accrued to
him under any Benefit Plans (as defined in the Weisblum Employment Agreement) outstanding at such time and the reimbursement of documented,
unreimbursed expenses incurred prior to such termination date (collectively, the Weisblum Payments ), Mr. Weisblum shall
also be entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) 24 months of his then base salary; (ii) if Mr. Weisblum elects continuation
coverage for group health coverage pursuant to COBRA Rights (as defined in the Weisblum Employment Agreement), then for a period of 24
months following Mr. Weisblum s termination he will be obligated to pay only the portion of the full COBRA Rights cost of the coverage
equal to an active employee s share of premiums (if any) for coverage for the respective plan year; and (iii) payment on a pro-rated
basis of any Annual Bonus or other payments earned in connection with any bonus plan to which Mr. Weisblum was a participant as of the
date of his termination (together with the Weisblum Payments, the Weisblum Severance ). Furthermore, pursuant to the Weisblum
Employment Agreement, upon Mr. Weisblum s termination (i) at his option (A) upon 90 days prior written notice to the Company or
(B) for Good Reason (as defined in the Weisblum Employment Agreement), (ii) termination by the Company without Cause (as defined in the
Weisblum Employment Agreement) or (iii) termination of Mr. Weisblum s employment within 40 days of the consummation of a Change
in Control Transaction (as defined in the Weisblum Employment Agreement), Mr. Weisblum shall receive the Weisblum Severance; provided,
however, Mr. Weisblum shall be entitled to a pro-rated Annual Bonus of at least 200,000. In addition, any equity grants issued to Mr.
Weisblum shall immediately vest upon termination of Mr. Weisblum s employment by him for Good Reason or by the Company at its option
upon 90 days prior written notice to Mr. Weisblum, without Cause. 

Daniel Ryweck 

On September 28, 2022, the Company entered into
an employment agreement (the Ryweck Employment Agreement with Daniel Ryweck. Pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement,
Mr. Ryweck will (i) receive a base salary at an annual rate of 42,000 (the Base Compensation payable in equal monthly
installments, and (ii) be eligible to receive an annual discretionary bonus. The term of Mr. Ryweck s engagement under the Employment
Agreement commences on the Effective Date (as defined in the Employment Agreement) and continues until September 28, 2023, unless earlier
terminated in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement. The term of Mr. Ryweck s Employment Agreement is automatically
renewed for successive one-year periods until terminated by Mr. Ryweck or the Company. 

53 

On October
12, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment (the Ryweck Amendment to the employment agreement by and between the Company
and Daniel Ryweck dated September 27, 2022, pursuant to which Mr. Ryweck s base salary will increase to 60,000 per year. 

Potential Payment Upon Termination 

If Mr. Weisblum dies or has a total disability,
resigns, is terminated for good reason (as defined in the agreement), without cause (as defined in the agreement) or within 40 days of
a change of control (as defined in the agreement, then he is entitled to 24 months severance. 

The following table sets forth quantitative information
with respect to potential payments to be made to Mr. Weisblum upon termination in various circumstances. The potential payments are based
on the terms of Mr. Weisblum s employment agreement discussed above. For a more detailed description of Mr. Weisblum s employment
agreement, see the Employment Agreements section above: 

Name 
 Potential Payment Upon Termination 
 
 Eric Weisblum 
 700,000 (1) 

(1) Mr. Weisblum is entitled to 24 months severance at the
applicable base salary rate. Mr. Weisblum s current base salary is 350,000 per annum. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

The following table provides information regarding
option and restricted stock unit awards held by each of our named executive officers that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. There
were no stock awards or other equity awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 

Name 
 
 Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options (#) 
(Exercisable) 

Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options (#) 
(Unexercisable) 

Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Unearned 
Options (#) 

Option 
Exercise 
Price ) 

Option 
Expiration 
Date 
 
 Number of 
Shares or 
Units of 
Stock That 
Have Not 
Vested 
(#) 

Market 
Value of 
Shares or 
Units of 
Stock That 
Have Not 
Vested (#) 

Equity 
Incentive 
Plan Awards: 
Number of 
Unearned 
Shares, Units 
or Other 
Rights that 
Have Not 
Vested 
(#) 

Equity 
Incentive 
Plan Awards: 
Market or 
Payout Value of Unearned 
Shares, Units 
or Other 
Rights that 
Have Not 
Vested ) 

(a) 
 
 (b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 
 
 (g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(j) 

Eric Weisblum 

2,000 
 (1) 

0.005 

04/15/2024 

Chief Executive Officer 

2,000 
 (2) 

0.005 

07/15/2024 

2,000 
 (3) 

0.005 

10/15/2024 

(1) 
 The options were fully vested on the date of grants (4/15/19) 

(2) 
 The options were granted on April 15, 2019 and vested 100 on July 15, 2019. 

(3) 
 The options were fully vested on the date of grant (10/15/19). 

Disclosure of Equity Awards
Based on Material Nonpublic Information : None 

Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 

In accordance with the SEC s
disclosure requirements regarding pay versus performance, or PVP, this section presents the SEC-defined Compensation Actually Paid, 
or CAP of our NEOs for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and our financial performance. Also required by the
SEC, this section compares CAP to various measures used to gauge performance at TLSS for each such fiscal year. 

Pay versus Performance Table - Compensation
Definitions 

Salary, Bonus, Stock Awards,
and All Other Compensation are each calculated in the same manner for purposes of both CAP and Summary Compensation Table, or SCT values.
The primary difference between the calculation of CAP and SCT total compensation is the calculation of the value of Stock Awards, 
with the table below describing the differences in how these awards are valued for purposes of SCT total and CAP: 

54 

Pay Versus Performance Table 

Year (1) 
 Summary 
 Compensation 
 Table Total 
 for PEO 
 Compensation 
 Actually Paid 
 to PEO (2) 
 Average 
 Summary 
 Compensation 
 Table Total for 
 Non-PEO 
 NEOs 
 Average 
 Compensation 
 Actually Paid 
 to Non-PEO 
 NEOs (2) 
 Value of 
 Initial Fixed 
 100 
 Investment 
 Based On 
 Total 
 Shareholder 
 Return 
 Net
Income 
 (Loss) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (h) 
 
 2022 
 332,250 
 332,250 
 15,000 
 15,000 
 15.83 
 (3,908,55 
 
 2021 
 345,000 
 345,000 
 0 
 0 
 33.57 
 3,903,741 

(1) 
 The PEO (CEO) in the 2022 and 2021 reporting year is Eric Weisblum. The non-PEO NEOs in the 2022 reporting year is Dan Ryweck. 
 
 (2) 
 The CAP was calculated beginning with the PEO s SCT total. No amounts were deducted from or added to the applicable SCT total compensation. Since all equity awards were fully vested prior to 2021, no reconciliation to with respect to equity awards for summary compensation numbers was required. 

Non-Employee Director Compensation 

The following table presents the total compensation
for each person who served as a non-employee member of our board of directors and received compensation for such service during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. Other than as set forth in the table and described more fully below, we did not pay any compensation,
make any equity awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to any of the non-employee members of our board of directors
in 2022. 

Director Compensation 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in 
 cash ) 
 
 Stock awards 
 ) 
 
 Option awards 
 )(1)(2) 
 
 Non-equity incentive plan 
 compensation ) 
 
 Nonqualified deferred 
 compensation earnings 
 ) 
 
 All other compensation 
 ) 
 
 Total 
 ) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 
 Wayne Linsley 
 45,000 
 
 15,112 

- 
 60,112 

Dr. Kevin Mu oz 
 25,000 
 
 15,112 

- 
 40,112 

Jeff Pavel(3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

(1) Amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value
for option awards granted in each respective year in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, excluding the effect of forfeitures. See Note
6, Stockholder s Equity in the Notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year
ended 2022 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 2022 for more information regarding the Company s
accounting for share-based compensation plans. The amounts shown in the Director Compensation Table above do not represent the actual
value realized by each Director. 

(2) 
 As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Linsley held options to purchase [3,425 shares of our common stock. Dr. Mu oz held options to purchase [3,425] shares of our common stock. Such options had the following vesting date(s):[These options vested on December 29, 2022] 
 
 (3) 
 Dr. Pavell has served as a director since September 27, 2022 and has no items to disclose hereon as he received no compensation in 2022. 

Director Compensation Program 

Our current director compensation program is designed
to align our director compensation program with the long-term interests of our stockholders by implementing a program comprised of cash
and equity compensation. 

In setting director compensation, we consider
the amount of time that directors expend in fulfilling their duties to the Company as well as the skill level and experience required
by our board of directors. We also consider board compensation practices at similarly situated companies, while keeping in mind the compensation
philosophy of us and the stockholders interests. The directors also receive reimbursement for expenses, including reasonable travel
expenses to attend board and committee meetings, reasonable outside seminar expenses, and other special board related expenses. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock as of March 8, 2023 by (i) each person known to beneficially own more than
5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our named executive officers and (iv) all of our directors
and named executive officers as a group. 

55 

The percentage ownership information is based
on 3,158,797 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 23, 2023. Information with respect to beneficial ownership has been furnished
by each director, officer or beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance
with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting
power or investment power with respect to those securities. In addition, the rules attribute beneficial ownership of securities as of
a particular date to persons who hold convertible preferred stock, options or warrants to purchase shares of common stock and that are
exercisable within 60 days of such date. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those
convertible preferred stock, options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person, but they are not
treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons
named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property
laws, where applicable. 

Except as otherwise noted below, the address for
each person or entity listed in the table is c/o Silo Pharma, Inc., 560 Sylvan Avenue, Suite 3160, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of shares beneficially owned 
 Percentage of shares beneficially owned 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers: 

Eric Weisblum 
 160,854 (1) 
 5.09 
 
 Wayne D. Linsley 
 3,425 (2) 

Kevin Munoz 
 3,425 (2) 

Daniel Ryweck 
 4,000 

Jeff Pavell 
 - 
 - 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (5 persons) 
 171,704 
 5.44 

Represents
beneficial ownership of less than 1 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 

(1) 
 Includes 6,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of presently exercisable options. 

(2) 
 Includes options to purchase 3,425 shares of common stock, all of which are presently exercisable. 

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 

The following table shows information regarding our equity compensation
plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of( securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 22,850 
 9.19 
 147,150 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 22,850 
 9.19 
 147,150 

(1) 
 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan . On January 18, 2021, the board of directors of the Company approved the Silo Pharma, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan to incentivize employees, officers, directors and consultants of the Company and its affiliates. The number of shares of common stock that are reserved and available for issuance under the 2020 Plan shall be equal to 170,000 shares provided that with respect to exempt awards as defined in the 2020 Plan, shall not count against such share limit. The 2020 Plan provides for the grant, from time to time, at the discretion of the Board or a committee thereof, of cash, stock options, including incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options, restricted stock, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units, stock appreciation units and other stock or cash-based awards. The Plan shall terminate on the tenth anniversary of the date of adoption by the Board of Directors. Subject to certain restrictions, the Board of Directors may amend or terminate the Plan at any time and for any reason. An amendment of the Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders only to the extent required by applicable laws, rules or regulations. On March 10, 2021, the stockholders of the Company approved the Plan. 

56 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

[Except as set forth below, there were no transactions
during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to which we were a party, including transactions in which the amount involved
in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed
fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital
stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other
than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which are described elsewhere in this registration
statement. We are not otherwise a party to a current related party transaction, and no transaction is currently proposed, in which the
amount of the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed
fiscal years and in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.] 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors has determined that a majority
of the board consists of members who are currently independent as that term is defined under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2).
The Board considers Wayne D. Linsley, Jeff Pavell and Dr. Kevin Mu oz to be independent. 

The board of directors as a whole carries out
the function of a nominating and corporate governance committee. 

Except as may be provided in our bylaws, we do
not currently have specified procedures in place pursuant to which whereby security holders may recommend nominees to the board of directors. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Our audit committee reviewed, and pre-approved
audit and permissible non-audit services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, Salberg Company, P.A. for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as well as the fees for such services to ensure that the provision of such services is compatible
with maintaining independence. 

Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one
year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget.
The independent auditors and management are required to periodically report to our board of directors regarding the extent of services
provided by the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. Our board
of directors may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. 

The following table shows the fees for services
provided by Salberg Company, P.A. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 57,100 
 52,300 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 24,800 
 12,100 
 
 Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 81,900 
 64,400 

Audit Fees: Audit fees consist of
fees billed for professional services performed by Salberg Company, P.A. for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements,
and the review of interim consolidated financial statements. 

Audit-Related Fees: Audit related
fees may consist of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firm for audit related consulting services related to
registration statements. There were no such fees incurred by the Company in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees: Tax fees may consist of
fees for professional services, including tax compliance. There were no such fees incurred by the Company in the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees: There were no such
fees incurred by the Company in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

57 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 1. 
 Financial Statements 

The financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to Financial Statements and Schedules on page F-1 and included on pages F-2 thereon. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission are either not required under the related instructions, are not applicable (and therefore have been omitted), or the required disclosures are contained in the financial statements included herein. 

3. 
 Exhibits (including those incorporated by reference). 

Exhibits 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Point Capital, Inc., filed as an exhibit to the Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C, filed with the Commission on December 28, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Point Capital, Inc., filed as an exhibit to the Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C, filed with the Commission on December 28, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on April 30, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on May 17, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation for name change dated May 20, 2019, filed as an appendix to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the Commission on May 1, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 24, 2020, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2021) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on March 10, 2021, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 12, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 14, 2022, filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on September 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated April 24, 2013 between Point Capital, Inc. and Alpha Capital Anstalt, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on April 30, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Corrected Asset Purchase Agreement with Blind Faith Concepts Holdings, Inc. dated September 28, 2018, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on December 20, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Return to Treasury Agreement, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on December 20, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 2019, between Uppercut Brands, Inc., and Investors, filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of convertible note agreement with Investors dated October 2019, filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated October 2019, filed as an exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 13, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement for the purchase of Series B preferred shares, dated November 2019, between Uppercut Brands, Inc., and Investors, filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Warrant related to Series B preferred shares, dated November 2019, between Uppercut Brands, Inc., and Investors, filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Commission on March 20, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of registration rights agreement related to Series B preferred shares, dated November 2019, between Uppercut Brands, Inc., and Investors, filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

58 

10.10 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement for Convertible Notes, dated as of April 15, 2020, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the Commission on April 22, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement for Series B Preferred Stock, dated as of April 15, 2020, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the Commission on April 22, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2020, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the Commission on April 22, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Consulting Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2020, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the Commission on April 22, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Advisory Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2020, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the Commission on April 22, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.15+ 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Eric Weisblum, dated as of April 17, 2020, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the Commission on April 22, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2020, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on April 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2020, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on April 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2020, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on April 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.19 
 
 Patent License Agreement by and among the Company and Silo Pharma, Inc., a Florida corporation and their affiliates and subsidiaries and AIkido Pharma Inc., filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.20 
 
 Sponsored Research Agreement by and between the Company and the University of Maryland, Baltimore, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 11, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.21+ 
 
 Silo Pharma, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 28, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.22+ 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated January 18, 2021, by and between the Company and Eric Weisblum, filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 28, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2021, between Silo Pharma, Inc. and the signatories thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2021) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2021) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2021, between Silo Pharma, Inc. and the signatories thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2021) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2021) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on February 12, 2021) 

59 

10.28# 
 
 Master License Agreement, dated February 12, 2021, by and between the Company and the University of Maryland, Baltimore (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2021) 
 
 10.29# 
 
 Letter of Intent, dated February 12, 2021, by and between the Company and Aikido Pharma, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2021) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Patent License Agreement by and among the Company and Silo Pharma, Inc., a Florida corporation and their affiliates and subsidiaries and Aikido Pharma Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2021). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Sponsored Research Agreement by and between the Company and the University of Maryland, Baltimore (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2021). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Underwriting Agreement by and between the Company and Laidlaw Company (UK) Ltd., as representative of the several underwriters named therein, dated September 26, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2022.) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Representative s Warrant, dated as of September 29, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2022.) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Ryweck Employment Agreement, dated September 28, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2022.) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Form of First Amendment to Sponsored Research Agreement by and between the Company and Columbia University. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report om Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2022). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Eric Weisblum, dated October 12, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2022). 
 
 10.37 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Daniel Ryweck, dated October 12, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2022). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 
 
 + 
 Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 # 
 Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). 

60 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

SILO PHARMA, INC . 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Weisblum 

Eric Weisblum 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer\ 

(Principal Executive Officer\) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Eric Weisblum 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Eric Weisblum 
 
 President, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Daniel Ryweck 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Daniel Ryweck 
 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Wayne D. Linsley 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Wayne D. Linsley 

/s/ Dr. Kevin Mu oz 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Dr. Kevin Mu oz 

/s/ Jeff Pavell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Jeff Pavell 

61 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of: 

Silo Pharma, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of SILO Pharma, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the
consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Research and Development 

As described in Footnote 9 Commitment and Contingencies ,
on October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement (the Agreement with a university (the University pursuant to which the Company prepaid the University certain research and development fees, which were recorded by the Company as a prepaid
asset to be amortized to expense over the initial term of the Agreement. Due to delays in the performance of the research and development
by the University and a resulting amendment to the Agreement to extend the term by a significant time frame, the Company had to modify
its prepaid amortization method to a percentage of completion method, prospectively. The determination of the percentage of the completion
of the project requires management to estimate the percentage completed. 

We identified the estimate
of the percentage of completion of the research and development project being performed by the University as a critical audit matter. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this
critical audit matter included (a) Reviewed the original and amended Agreement, (b) Inquired of management and gained an understanding
of the method they used to estimate the percentage complete, (c) Confirmed the percentage of completion with the University, and (d) Recomputed
the research and development expense for year 2022 and remaining prepaid asset at December 31, 2022 based upon the percentage of completion.
We agreed with management s estimate and amounts recorded. 

/s/ 

SALBERG COMPANY,
P.A. 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2019 . 

March 24, 2023 

2295 NW Corporate Blvd., Suite 240 Boca Raton,
FL 33431-7328 

Phone: (561) 995-8270 Toll Free: (866) CPA-8500
 Fax: (561) 995-1920 

www.salbergco.com info@salbergco.com 

Member National Association of Certified Valuation
Analysts Registered with the PCAOB 

Member CPAConnect with Affiliated Offices Worldwide
 Member AICPA Center for Audit Quality 

F- 2 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Equity investments 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Note receivable, including interest receivable of at December 31, 2022 
 
 -

Total Current Assets 

Note receivable - non-current, including interest receivable of at December 31, 2021 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other assets - non-current 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue - current portion 

Total Current Liabilities 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES: 

Deferred revenue - long-term portion 

Total Long Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitment and Contingencies (see Note 9) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized: 

Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock, par value, shares designated; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 per share redemption value) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series B convertible preferred stock, par value, shares designated; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 per share liquidation value) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series C convertible preferred stock, par value, shares designated; and shares issued and and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively per share liquidation value) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

LICENSE FEE REVENUES: 

COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Compensation expense 

Professional fees 

Research and development 

Insurance expense 

Bad debt recovery 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest and dividend income (expense), net 

Other income from equity shares earned for lock up agreement 
 
 -

Gain on forgiveness of PPP note payable 
 -

Interest expense 

Net realized gain (loss) on equity investments 

Net unrealized (loss) gain on equity investments 

Total other income (expense) 

(LOSS) INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 
 -

(LOSS) INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: 

Gain from sale of assets of discontinued operations, net of tax 
 -

Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 

Deemed dividend 
 -

NET (LOSS) INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

NET (LOSS) INCOME PER COMMON SHARE: 

Continuing operations - basic 

Continuing operations - diluted 

Discontinued operations - basic 

Discontinued operations - diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Series B 
 Series C 
 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series C preferred stock issued for cash, net of offering
 cost 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed dividend upon issuance of preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock warrants granted for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for conversion of Series C preferred
 stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Accretion of stock options expense to stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common shares issued for professional fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for conversion of Series C preferred
 stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 - 

Rounding of share due to reverse stock split 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Bad debt recovery 

Stock-based compensation and professional fees 

Amortization of prepaid stock-based professional fees 
 -

Net realized loss (gain) on equity investments 

Net unrealized loss (gain) loss on equity investments 

Equity shares earned for lock up agreement 
 
 -

Gain on forgiveness of PPP note payable and accrued interest 
 -

Gain from disposal of assets from discontinued operations 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Assets of discontinued operations 
 -

Interest receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Net proceeds from sale of equity investments 

Collection on note receivable written off prior to 2019 
 -

Collection on note receivable 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Net proceeds from sale of preferred stock 
 -

Net proceeds from sale of common stock 
 
 -

Advance from a related party 
 -

Repayment of advance from a related party 
 -

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - beginning of the period 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - end of the period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 
 -

Income taxes 
 
 -

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Increase in equity investments recorded as deferred revenue pursuant to a patent license agreement 
 -

Note receivable issued in connection with asset purchase agreement 
 -

Common stock issued for future services 
 
 -

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

in the form of a promissory
note amounting to . The promissory note bears interest per annum and matures on . Accordingly, the results of
operations of this component, for all periods presented, are separately reported as discontinued operations on the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations (see Note 4). 

F- 7 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and used cash in operations of during the year ended
December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company has an accumulated deficit of on December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had working capital of . 

F- 8 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

or by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation up to . To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial
institutions, the Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institutions in which it holds deposits. On December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash in excess of FDIC limits of approximately and , respectively. Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, t he Company began transferring funds to other high quality financial institutions
to mitigate its risk to ensure that its exposure is limited or reduced to the FDIC protection limits. Any material loss that we
may experience in the future could have an adverse effect on our ability to pay our operational expenses or make other payments. 

and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consist primarily of costs paid for future services which will occur
within a year. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, prepaid expenses and other assets non-current amounted to and ,
respectively. Prepaid expenses may include prepayments in cash and equity instruments for consulting, research and development, public
relations and business advisory services, and legal fees which are being amortized over the terms of their respective agreements. 

F- 9 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 (see Note 7). 

and , respectively. 

F- 10 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Stock options 

Warrants 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Net income (loss) per common share basic 

From continuing operations 

From discontinued operations 

F- 11 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Add: interest expense, net 
 -

Numerator for income (loss) from continuing operations available to common stockholders per common share diluted 

Numerator for loss from discontinuing operations - diluted 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Options 
 -

Preferred shares 
 -

Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 

Net income (loss) per common share diluted 

From continuing operations 

From discontinued operations 

F- 12 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Additions 

Sales at original cost 

Unrealized (loss) gain 

Balance, end of year 

primarily attributed to a gain from the sale of the Company s
equity investment in DatChat, Inc. of and Aikido Pharma, Inc. of . 

shares of Home Bistro, Inc. common stock with grant date fair value of , or per share, in exchange
for entering into a lock up and leak out agreement which was recorded as other income from equity shares earned for services in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. The Company measures equity securities received for services at fair value on the date of receipt. 

F- 13 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

for gross proceeds of and the Company recorded
a net realized loss on equity investments amounting to as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

in the form of a promissory note amounting to . The promissory note bears interest
per annum and matures on . As of December 31, 2022, the Note had a principal balance of and accrued interest receivable
of for a total outstanding receivable balance of . 

and accrued interest receivable of for a total outstanding receivable balance of . 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Total liabilities 

Net asset of NFID business disposed 

Consideration in the form of a note receivable 

Gain from sale of NFID business 

F- 14 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit (loss) 

() 

Total operating and other non-operating expenses 

() 

() 
 
 Gain from sale of NFID business 

- 

Loss from discontinued operations 

() 

() 

Additional notes receivable 

- 

Collections on notes receivables 

- 

() 
 
 Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

- 

() 
 
 Total Notes receivable, net 

Less: notes receivable, net current portion 

() 

-

Notes receivable non-current 

- 

of which was funded to the Seller in September 2018 and the remaining was funded in October 2018. The promissory
note accrued interest at a rate of per annum, and the Company was repaid in interest only payments on a quarterly basis, until the
maturity date of , at which time the full principal and any interest payments was due to the Company. At the time the
promissory note receivable agreement was executed, the Company also executed a security interest and pledge agreement with the borrower
pursuant to which the borrower pledged all of the assets of its company as security for the performance of the note obligations. 

. Pursuant to the Promissory
Note Agreement, the note was a deposit and credit towards the acquisition of the assets of Lust for Life Group such as inventory,
trademarks and logos. Pursuant to the Promissory Note Agreement, since the purchase did not close within 30 days from date of the Promissory
Note, the note receivable became immediately due. Through the date of default, the outstanding principal balance accrued interest at
an interest rate of per annum payable on a monthly basis. Upon default, the interest rate increased to per annum. 

to an investor. Pursuant to the Claim Purchase Agreements, the investor agreed to pay the Company
the purchase price of on the earlier of the payment of six-monthly installments or upon the liquidation of settlement securities
of the Seller pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The first installment was to be made following
entry and full effectuation of a court order approving the settlement of the claim which occurred on March 6, 2020 in the United States
District Court for the District of Maryland Northern Division. 

F- 15 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of the Seller s convertible Series B Preferred Stock. Since
the shares of Series B Preferred Stock have limited marketability, no value was placed on these shares. 

. Between
April 2020 and December 2020, the Company collected an aggregate of on the notes receivable balance. During the year ended
December 31, 2020, the Company recorded an additional allowance for doubtful account and bad debt expense of and wrote off interest
receivable of due to slow collection of the installment payments pursuant to the Claim Purchase Agreements. As of December 31,
2020, aggregate allowance for doubtful account amounted to and the balance of notes receivable, net amounted to . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received
a payment that was applied to the note receivable balance due and recovered of the of bad debt allowance. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, was collected under this settlement agreement. Accordingly, during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded bad debt recovery of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, remains
collectible under this settlement agreement and such amount has been fully reserved as of December 31, 2022. 

of bad debt previously
written off and recorded bad debt recovery of in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

interest
per annum and matures on . The outstanding principal and accrued interest shall be due and payable on maturity. As of
December 31, 2021, this note receivable had outstanding principal receivable of and accrued interest receivable of for
a total receivable balance of which is reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as note receivable non-current.
As of December 31, 2022, this note receivable had outstanding principal receivable of and accrued interest receivable of 
for a total receivable balance of which is reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as note receivable 
current. 

shares authorized
which consist of shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock. 

shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and in November 2019, the Company designated shares of preferred
stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were no shares of the Series A and Series B preferred
stock issued and outstanding. 

F- 16 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of preferred stock as Series C Convertible preferred stock. 

shares of preferred stock as Series C Convertible preferred stock. Each share of Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock has a par value of per share and a stated value of (the Series C Stated Value ). 

, subject to adjustment in the event of stock split, stock dividends, subsequent right offerings and similar recapitalization transactions. 

shares of its Series C Convertible preferred stock of its election to force the conversion to its Series C Convertible preferred stock into shares of the Company s common stock and on March 31, 2022, the Company notified holders of the remaining shares of its Series C Convertible preferred stock of its election to force the conversion to its Series C Convertible preferred stock into shares of the Company s common stock (see below). 

F- 17 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of the Company s Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock and warrants (the February Warrants to purchase up to shares (the February Warrant Shares of the Company s common stock for gross proceeds of approximately , before deducting placement agent and other offering
expenses of which are offset against the proceeds in additional paid in capital. The offering closed on February 12, 2021. Accordingly,
the Company recognized a total deemed dividend of for the beneficial conversion feature in connection with the issuance of
these Series C Convertible preferred stock. 

from the date of issuance at an exercise price of per share. If, after a period of 180 days after the date of issuance
of the February Warrants, a registration statement covering the resale of the February Warrant Shares is not effective, the holders may
exercise the February Warrants by means of a cashless exercise. 

of the
subsequent financing. In addition, pursuant to the Series C Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed that neither it nor its subsidiaries
will enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of common stock or common stock equivalents
to file any registration statement other than as contemplated pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below) for a
period of 90 days from the Effectiveness Date. Furthermore, subject to certain exceptions, the Company is prohibited from effecting or
entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of common stock or common stock equivalents
involving a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Series C Purchase Agreement). 

The Registration Statement was filed and declared effective in April
2021. 

F- 18 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

The Placement Agent Warrants
were valued at the grant date using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of ,
expected dividend yield of , expected term of years using the simplified method and expected volatility of based on comparable
and calculated volatility. The aggregate grant date fair value of these Placement Agent Warrants amounted to approximately 
and was recorded against the proceeds with no net effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

. 

shares of its Series C Convertible preferred stock of its election to force the conversion to its Series C Convertible
preferred stock into shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Certificate of Designations unless such conversion would
cause the holder to exceed its beneficial ownership limitation pursuant to the Certificate of Designations. On March 31, 2022, the Company
converted Series C Convertible preferred stock into shares of common stock. 

shares of the Company s common stock (the Firm Shares ), at public offering price of per share. Under the terms
of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted the Underwriters an option, exercisable for 45 days following the closing of the Offering,
to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock at the public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. On September
28, 2022, the Underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option and purchased an additional shares (the Option
Shares, together with the Firm Shares, the Shares ). On September 29, 2022, 

restricted
common shares of the Company to the consultant. These shares vest immediately. These shares were valued at , or per common
share, based on contemporaneous common share sales by the Company. In connection with this consulting agreement, during the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of and prepaid expenses of which will be amortized
into stock-based professional fees over the remaining term of the agreement. 

F- 19 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of common stock are reserved
and available for issuance under the 2020 Plan, provided that certain exempt awards (as defined in the 2020 Plan), shall not count against
such share limit. The 2020 Plan provides for the grant, from time to time, at the discretion of the Board or a committee thereof, of
cash, stock options, including incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options, restricted stock, dividend equivalents, restricted
stock units, stock appreciation units and other stock or cash-based awards. The 2020 Plan shall terminate on the tenth anniversary
of the date of adoption by the Board. Subject to certain restrictions, the Board may amend or terminate the Plan at any time and for
any reason. An amendment of the 2020 Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders only to the extent required
by applicable laws, rules or regulations. On March 10, 2021, the 2020 Plan was approved by the stockholders. 

incentive stock options under the 2020 Plan, to two non-employee board members, exercisable
at per share which expire on and vest on the first anniversary date of the grant date. These options were valued
at on the grant date using a Binomial Lattice option pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of
 , expected dividend yield of , expected term of years using the simplified method and expected volatility of based on historical
volatility. The Company recorded the fair value of the unvested stock options, in the amount of , as deferred compensation which
is being amortized over the vesting period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized of the deferred compensation
which was recorded as compensation expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the deferred compensation
related to this issuance had a balance of . 

The stock options had a fair value of which were valued
at the grant date using a Binomial Lattice option pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of , expected
dividend yield of , expected term of years using the simplified method and expected volatility of based on historical volatility.
The Company recorded the fair value of the stock options, in the amount of , as deferred compensation which is being amortized
over the vesting period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized of the deferred compensation which was
recorded as compensation expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the deferred compensation related
to his employment agreement had a balance of . 

Granted 

-
 
 -

Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

-
 
 -

Forfeited 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

F- 20 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for legal services rendered. The warrants have a term
of from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The warrants were valued on the grant
date at approximately per warrant for a total of using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:
stock price of per share (based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant), volatility of , expected term of ,
and a risk-free interest rate of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based compensation of . 

-

Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

-

Granted 

-

Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

-

F- 21 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Income tax (benefit) liability state 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total provision for income tax 
 -

Total deferred tax asset before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -

on December 31, 2022. Future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward to offset future
taxable income is subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership changes that may occur in the future. The net operating loss
carry forwards may be available to reduce future years taxable income. Net loss carryforwards in the amount of from
2018 onwards can be carried over indefinitely, subject to annual usage limits. Management believes that it appears more likely than not
that the Company will not realize these tax benefits due to the Company s continuing losses for income taxes purposes. Accordingly,
the Company has provided a valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset benefit related to the U.S. net operating loss carry forwards
to reduce the asset to . Management will review this valuation allowance periodically and will make adjustments as necessary. In
2022, the valuation allowance increased by . 

total revenues from customer license fee. 

of the Company s vendor license agreements (see below) related to the Company s biopharmaceutical
operation. 

F- 22 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and of vested shares of the Company s common stock in April 2020. In addition, Mr. Weisblum shall be
eligible to earn a bonus, subject to the sole discretion of the Company s Board of Directors Board ). The Employment
Agreement may be terminated by either the Company or Mr. Weisblum at any time and for any reason upon 60 days prior written notice. Upon
termination of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Weisblum shall be entitled to (i) any equity award that has vested prior to the termination
date, (ii) reimbursement of expenses incurred on or prior to such termination date and (iii) such employee benefits to which he may be
entitled as of the termination date (collectively, the Accrued Amounts ). Mr. Weisblum employment may also be terminated
by the Company at any time, with cause, death or disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement). Upon the termination of the Employment
Agreement for death or disability, Mr. Weisblum shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts. The Employment Agreement also contains
covenants prohibiting Mr. Weisblum from disclosing confidential information with respect to the Company. On January 18, 2021, the Company
and Mr. Weisblum entered into the first amendment (the Amendment to the Employment Agreement, effective as of January
1, 2021. Pursuant to the Amendment Mr. Weisblum s base salary was increased from per year to per year and all
the terms and provisions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

per year, (ii) Mr. Weisblum will be paid a one-time signing bonus of , and (iii) Mr. Weisblum
shall be entitled to receive an annual bonus of up to , subject to the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors of the Company (the Compensation Committee ), and upon the achievement of additional criteria established by
the Compensation Committee from time to time (the Annual Bonus ). In addition, pursuant to the 2022 Weisblum Employment
Agreement, upon termination of Mr. Weisblum s employment for death or Total Disability (as defined in the 2022 Weisblum Employment
Agreement), in addition to any accrued but unpaid compensation and vacation pay through the date of his termination and any other benefits
accrued to him under any Benefit Plans (as defined in the 2022 Weisblum Employment Agreement) outstanding at such time and the reimbursement
of documented, unreimbursed expenses incurred prior to such termination date (collectively, the Weisblum Payments ), Mr.
Weisblum shall also be entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) 24 months of his then base salary; (ii) if Mr. Weisblum elects
continuation coverage for group health coverage pursuant to COBRA Rights (as defined in the 2022 Weisblum Employment Agreement), then
for a period of 24 months following Mr. Weisblum s termination he will be obligated to pay only the portion of the full COBRA Rights
cost of the coverage equal to an active employee s share of premiums (if any) for coverage for the respective plan year; and (iii)
payment on a pro-rated basis of any Annual Bonus or other payments earned in connection with any bonus plan to which Mr. Weisblum was
a participant as of the date of his termination (together with the Weisblum Payments, the Weisblum Severance ). Furthermore,
pursuant to the 2022 Weisblum Employment Agreement, upon Mr. Weisblum s termination (i) at his option (A) upon 90 days prior written
notice to the Company or (B) for Good Reason (as defined in the 2022 Weisblum Employment Agreement), (ii) termination by the Company
without Cause (as defined in the 2022 Weisblum Employment Agreement) or (iii) termination of Mr. Weisblum s employment within 40
days of the consummation of a Change in Control Transaction (as defined in the Weisblum Employment Agreement), Mr. Weisblum shall receive
the Weisblum Severance; provided, however, Mr. Weisblum shall be entitled to a pro-rated Annual Bonus of at least . In addition,
any equity grants issued to Mr. Weisblum shall immediately vest upon termination of Mr. Weisblum s employment by him for Good Reason
or by the Company at its option upon 90 days prior written notice to Mr. Weisblum, without Cause. 

(the Base Compensation payable in equal monthly installments, and (ii) be eligible
to receive an annual discretionary bonus. The term of Mr. Ryweck s engagement under the Ryweck Employment Agreement commenced on
September 28, 2022 and continues until September 28, 2023, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of the Ryweck Employment
Agreement. The term of Mr. Ryweck s Employment Agreement is automatically renewed for successive one-year periods until terminated
by Mr. Ryweck or the Company. 

F- 23 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

per year. 

. For each twelve-month period of his employment, Dr. Kuo shall be entitled to
a bonus whereby amount and terms shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of the Board of Directors Board and shall
be payable at the Company s sole option in stock or in cash. In addition, an aggregate of incentive stock options were granted
under the 2020 Plan to Dr. Kou, exercisable at per share and expires on . The stock options vest as follows: (i)
 stock options upon issuance; (ii) vests on October 31, 2022 and; (iii) vests on October 31, 2023. The stock
options had a fair value of which valued at grant date using Binomial Lattice option pricing model with the following assumptions:
risk-free interest rate of , expected dividend yield of , expected term of years using the simplified method and expected volatility
of based on calculated volatility. The Company recorded the fair value of the stock options, in the amount of , as deferred
compensation which is being amortized over the vesting period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized 
of the deferred compensation which was recorded as compensation expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. As of December
31, 2022, the deferred compensation had a balance of (see Note 7). 

to UMB pursuant
to the License Agreement which was recorded in professional fees during the year ended December 31, 2020 since the Company could not
conclude that such costs would be recoverable for this early-stage venture. 

F- 24 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

to UMB in March 2021 pursuant to the License Agreement
which was recorded in professional fees during the year ended December 31, 2021, since the Company could not conclude that such costs
would be recoverable for this early-stage venture. 

which was recorded
as research and development expense in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. On December
16, 2022, the Company and UMB entered into a fourth amendment to License Agreement (the Fourth Amendment dated February
26, 2021 to extend the term of the License Agreement until March 31, 2023. In addition, the parties agreed in the Fourth Amendment to
allow the Company to extend the term of the License Agreement to June 30, 2023 by paying UMB a fee of on or before February 28,
2023. This fee was paid and thus the term of the License Agreement was extended to June 30, 2023. 

years after the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product
in that country, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Master License Agreement. The term of the Master
License Agreement shall expire years after the Master License Agreement Effective Date in which (a) there were never any patent rights,
(b) there was never any data protection, new chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity, regulatory exclusivity, or other legally enforceable
market exclusivity or (c) there was never a first commercial sale of a Licensed Product. 

F- 25 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the Company s sublicense income
which is receivable with respect to any sublicense that is executed before the filing of an NDA (or foreign equivalent) for the first
licensed product; and (b) of the Company s sublicense income which is receivable with respect to any sublicense that is executed
after the filing of an NDA (or foreign equivalent) for the first licensed product. 

, payable as follows: (a) was due within 30 days following the effective date; and (b) on or before
the first anniversary of the effective date, which was paid in February 2022. The license fee is non-refundable and is not creditable
against any other fee, royalty or payment. The Company shall be responsible for payment of all patent expenses in connection with preparing,
filing, prosecution and maintenance of patents or patent applications relating to the patent rights. The Company paid license
fee on February 17, 2021 and in February 2022 which was recorded as prepaid expense and is being amortized over the -year term.
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized license fees of and , respectively, from the amortization
of prepaid license fees. On December 31, 2021, prepaid expense and other current assets current amounted and prepaid expense
 non-current amounts . On December 31, 2022, prepaid expense and other current assets current amounted and
prepaid expense non-current amounts as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets. 

on sales of licensed products (as defined in the Master License Agreement) during the applicable calendar year for sales less than ; and 

on sales of licensed products during the applicable calendar year for sales greater than ; and 

N/A 

N/A 

F- 26 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of its sublicense income to UMB, pursuant to the Master License Agreement, which amounted to . During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized license fees of and , respectively, from the amortization of the sublicense fee. On
December 31, 2021, prepaid expense and other current assets current amounted and prepaid expenses non-current amounts
 and on December 31, 2022, prepaid expense and other current assets current amounted and prepaid expenses 
non-current amounts as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets. 

and (ii) royalty payments equal
to of net sales (as defined in the License Agreement) in the Field of Use in the Territory. In addition, Aikido agreed to issue the
Licensor shares of Aikido s newly designated Series M Convertible Preferred Stock which were to be converted into an aggregate
of shares of the Aikido s common stock. On April 12, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the License Agreement Amended License Agreement with Aikido dated January 5, 2021 whereby Aikido issued an aggregate of restricted
shares of Aikido s common stock instead of the shares of the Series M Convertible Preferred Stock. 

on January
5, 2021 which was recorded as deferred revenue to be recognized as revenues over years, the estimated term of the UMB Master License
Agreement. 

shares of Aikido s common stock.
In addition, each share of the Series M Convertible Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time after the earlier of (i) the date
that the Reverse Stock Split Vote is approved by Aikido s stockholders and (ii) December 31, 2021, at the option of the holder,
into such number of shares of Aikido s common stock determined by dividing the Stated Value by the Conversion Price. Stated
Value means . Conversion Price means , subject to adjustment. 

F- 27 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Series M Convertible
Preferred stock which was equivalent into Aikido s shares of common stock at a fair value of per common share or
 based quoted trading price of Aikido s common stock on the date of grant. The Company recorded an equity investment of
 (see Note 3) and deferred revenue of to be recognized as revenues over the estimated term of the UMB Master License.
Accordingly, the Company recorded a total deferred revenue of cash received and value of equity securities
received) to be recognized as revenues over the -year term. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized
license fee revenues of and , respectively. On December 31, 2021, deferred revenue current portion amounted 
and deferred revenue long-term portion amounted . On December 31, 2022, deferred revenue current portion amounted
 and deferred revenue long-term portion amounted as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets. 

of any fee payable by the Company to UMB for the right to sublicense the UMB patent rights. The Company shall grant Aikido a nonexclusive
sublicense in the United States to the UMB patent rights in the Field, subject to the terms of any UMB license Licensor obtains, including
any royalty obligations on sublicensees required under any such sublicense. The option was exercised on January 13, 2021. Accordingly,
on April 6, 2021, the Company entered into the Sublicense Agreement with Aikido pursuant to which it granted Aikido a worldwide exclusive
sublicense to its licensed patents under the Master License Agreement. 

, (ii) the same sales-based royalty payments that the Company is
subject to under the Master License Agreement and (iii) total milestone payments of up to million. The Sublicense Agreement shall
continue on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and country-by-country basis until the later of (i) the date of expiration of the
last to expire claim of the Patent Rights covering such Licensed Product in such country, (ii) the expiration of data protection, new
chemical entity, orphan drug exclusivity, regulatory exclusivity or other legally enforceable market exclusivity, if applicable and (iii)
 years after the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in that country, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of the
Sublicense Agreement. Furthermore, the Sublicense Agreement shall expire years after the Sublicense Agreement Effective Date with
respect to any country in which (i) there were never any Patent Rights, (ii) there was never any data protection, new chemical entity,
orphan drug exclusivity, regulatory exclusivity or other legally enforceable market exclusivity with respect to a Licensed Product and
(ii) there was never a commercial sale of a Licensed Product, unless such agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to its terms. The
Company collected the upfront license fee of in April 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized
revenue of and , respectively. On December 31, 2021, deferred revenue current portion amounted and deferred
revenue long-term portion amounted , and on December 31, 2022, deferred revenue current portion amounted 
and deferred revenue long-term portion amounted as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 28 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

which is payable in two equal installments of upon execution of
the Sponsored Study Agreement and upon completion of the project with an estimated project timeline of nine months. The Company
paid on January 13, 2021 which was recorded in prepaid expense to be amortized over the nine-month period. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company fully amortized the prepaid expense of . This project was postponed until further notice and the
second payment is not due. 

to conduct the research over
the two-year period. The Agreement shall be effective for a period of two years from the Effective Date, subject to renewal or earlier
termination as set forth in the Sponsored Research Agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, pursuant to the Sponsored
Research Agreement, the Company paid to UCSF and , respectively, which were recorded to prepaid expense and other current
assets current to be amortized over the two-year period. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded
research and development expense of and , respectively, from the amortization of the prepaid research and development
fees. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, prepaid research and development fees amounted to and , respectively which is reflected
in prepaid expenses and other current assets current on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 29 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2 

3 

on September 1, 2021 and on August 31, 2022, the Company paid the second payment of . These payments were recorded to prepaid
expense and other current assets current to be amortized into research and development expense during the year ended December
31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded research and development expense of and ,
respectively, from the amortization of these prepaid research and development fees and other expenses. On December 31, 2022, the Company
owed UMB which was included in accounts payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

The Company paid the first payment of in November 2021 and the second
payment of in July 2022, which were recorded to prepaid expense and other current assets current to be amortized over
the estimated project timeline of twelve months. On October 13, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the Columbia Agreement
(the Columbia Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the payment schedule, whereby the third payment
of is due in March 2023 and the remaining payment of is due upon completion. 

and , respectively, from the amortization of the prepaid
research and development fees. As of December 31, 2021, prepaid expense related to this sponsored research agreement was . As
of December 31, 2022, accrued expenses related to this sponsored research agreement were . As of December 31,2022, the Company
estimates that this research project is approximately complete. 

to conduct the research over a three-month period. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to the Reprocell Research Agreement, the Company paid to Reprocell which was recorded
to prepaid expense and other current assets current to be amortized over the three-month period. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded research and development expense of from the amortization of the prepaid research and development
fees. As of December 31, 2022, accrued expenses related to this research agreement were . 

F- 30 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively. 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 and as of the current date of this report, the
joint venture entity has not been formed yet. 

per quarter starting on the Effective Date. Any cost incurred will be reimbursed only after prior written consent by the Company. The
term of the Amended Service Agreement is for 36 months unless earlier terminated by either party upon giving a written notice as defined
in the agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid and related to this agreement which
in included in professional fees on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, respectively. 

F- 31 

SILO PHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

million of the Company s issued and outstanding common
stock, from time to time, with such program to be in place until December 31, 2023. Through the date of this report, no common shares
have been repurchased. 

F- 32 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_silopharma.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022, Silo Pharma, Inc. the
Company had one class of security registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), its common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ). 

Description of Common Stock 

The following description of the Company s
Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference
to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation and the Company s
(the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit
4.1 is a part. The Company encourages you to read its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, and the applicable provisions
of the Delaware General Corporation Law for additional information. 

Authorized Capital Shares 

The Company s authorized capital shares
consist of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value
per share Preferred Stock ), of which 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, 0.0001 par value per share and 2,000 have been shares have been designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, 0.0001 par
value per share, and 4,280 have been shares have been designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, 0.0001 par value per share.
As of March 8, 2023, there were 3,158,797 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and no shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Each stockholder of our Common Stock is entitled
to a pro rata share of cash distributions made to stockholders, including dividend payments. The holders of our common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the
election of our directors or any other matter. Therefore, the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of those directors
can elect all of the directors. The holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by our board of
directors from funds legally available therefore. Cash dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors. In the event of
our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available
for distribution to them after payment of our liabilities and after provision has been made for each class of stock, if any, having any
preference in relation to our common stockholders of shares of our Common Stock have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights,
and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our Common Stock. 

Options 

As of March 23, 2023, we have options to purchase
up to 28,849 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of 7.28 per share. 

Warrants 

As of March 23, 2023, we have warrants to purchase
up to 404,580 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding at an exercise price between 6.25 to 15.50 per share. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Certificate
of Incorporation and our Bylaws 

Set forth below is a summary of the provisions
of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws that could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control
of the Company. The following description is only a summary, and it is qualified by reference to the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws
and relevant provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

Board of Directors Vacancies 

Our Bylaws authorize only our board of directors
to fill vacant directorships. In addition, the number of directors constituting our board of directors may be set only by resolution of
the majority of the incumbent directors; provided, however, the number of directors shall not be less than three. 

Special Meeting of Stockholders 

Our Bylaws provide that special meeting of our
stockholders may be called by our President or our board of directors and our Secretary at the request in writing of our stockholders
owning a majority of our voting capital. 

Authorized but Unissued Shares 

Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock
and preferred stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval and may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes,
including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized
but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of
us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law 

We are not subject to the provisions of Section
203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under
certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination includes
a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 will not apply to us. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

Our transfer agent and registrar is West
Coast Stock Transfer, Inc. whose address is 721 N. Vulcan Avenue, Suite 106, Encinitas, CA 92024. 

Listing 

Our common stock is quoted the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol SILO. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_silopharma.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries of Silo Pharma, Inc. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Formation 
 
 Silo Pharma, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_silopharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer
of Silo Pharma, Inc. 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Eric Weisblum, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Silo Pharma, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 /s/ Eric Weisblum 

Eric Weisblum 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_silopharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer of
Silo Pharma, Inc. 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Daniel Ryweck, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Silo Pharma, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 /s/ Daniel Ryweck 

Daniel Ryweck 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_silopharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the
United States Code 

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United
States Code as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Eric Weisblum, the Chief Executive
Officer and Principal Executive Officer and Daniel Ryweck, the Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer,
of Silo Pharma, Inc. (the Company ), each hereby certifies that based on the undersigned s knowledge: 

1. 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 / s/ Eric Weisblum 

Eric Weisblum 

Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer 

Date: March 24, 2023 
 /s/ Daniel Ryweck Daniel Ryweck 

Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 silo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 silo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 silo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 silo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 silo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

