<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1115055_0001115055-23-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>50670728</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>856863</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>27790912</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10474076</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5459712</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5573411</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001115055-23-000013.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228164059
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001115055-23-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		128
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001115055
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				621812853
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39309
		FILM NUMBER:		23686269

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 THIRD AVENUE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6157443700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 THIRD AVENUE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001115055-23-000013.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 pnfp-20221231.htm
 10-K

pnfp-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Exchange on which Registered 
 Securities registered to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "accelerated filer," "large accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Accelerated Filer 
 Non-accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company 
 (do not check if you are a smaller reporting company) Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o x 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter: as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares of common stock as of February 22, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of the Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, scheduled to be held April 18, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 21 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 47 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 47 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 48 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 48 
 PART II 
 49 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED S HARE HOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 49 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 49 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 49 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 80 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 81 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 137 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 137 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 137 
 PART III 
 138 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 138 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 138 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED S HARE HOLDER MATTERS 
 138 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 138 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 138 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 139 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 142 
 SIGNATURES 
 143 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "may," "should," "plan," "believe," "seek," "estimate" and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, but other statements not based on historical information may also be considered forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the statements, including, but not limited to: (i) deterioration in the financial condition of borrowers of Pinnacle Bank and its subsidiaries or BHG, including as a result of the negative impact of inflationary pressures on our and BHG's customers and their businesses, resulting in significant increases in loan losses and provisions for those losses and, in the case of BHG, substitutions; (ii) fluctuations or differences in interest rates on loans or deposits from those that Pinnacle Financial is modeling or anticipating, including as a result of Pinnacle Bank's inability to better match deposit rates with the changes in the short-term rate environment, or that affect the yield curve; (iii) adverse conditions in the national or local economies including in Pinnacle Financial's markets throughout Tennessee, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Virginia and Kentucky, particularly in commercial and residential real estate markets; (iv) the inability of Pinnacle Financial, or entities in which it has significant investments, like BHG, to maintain the long-term historical growth rate of its, or such entities', loan portfolio; (v) the ability to grow and retain low-cost core deposits and retain large, uninsured deposits, including during times when Pinnacle Bank is seeking to limit the rates it pays on deposits; (vi) changes in loan underwriting, credit review or loss reserve policies associated with economic conditions, examination conclusions, or regulatory developments; (vii) effectiveness of Pinnacle Financial's asset management activities in improving, resolving or liquidating lower-quality assets; (viii) the impact of competition with other financial institutions, including pricing pressures and the resulting impact on Pinnacle Financial s results, including as a result of the negative impact to net interest margin from rising deposit and other funding costs; (ix) the results of regulatory examinations; (x) Pinnacle Financial's ability to identify potential candidates for, consummate, and achieve synergies from, potential future acquisitions; (xi) difficulties and delays in integrating acquired businesses or fully realizing costs savings and other benefits from acquisitions; (xii) BHG's ability to profitably grow its business and successfully execute on its business plans; (xiii) risks of expansion into new geographic or product markets; (xiv) any matter that would cause Pinnacle Financial to conclude that there was impairment of any asset, including goodwill or other intangible assets; (xv) the ineffectiveness of Pinnacle Bank's hedging strategies, or the unexpected counterparty failure or hedge failure of the underlying hedges; (xvi) reduced ability to attract additional financial advisors (or failure of such advisors to cause their clients to switch to Pinnacle Bank), to retain financial advisors (including as a result of the competitive environment for associates) or otherwise to attract customers from other financial institutions; (xvii) deterioration in the valuation of other real estate owned and increased expenses associated therewith; (xviii) inability to comply with regulatory capital requirements, including those resulting from changes to capital calculation methodologies, required capital maintenance levels or regulatory requests or directives, particularly if Pinnacle Bank's level of applicable commercial real estate loans were to exceed percentage levels of total capital in guidelines recommended by its regulators; (xix) approval of the declaration of any dividend by Pinnacle Financial's board of directors; (xx) the vulnerability of Pinnacle Bank's network and online banking portals, and the systems of parties with whom Pinnacle Bank contracts, to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes, spam attacks, human error, natural disasters, power loss and other security breaches; (xxi) the possibility of increased compliance and operational costs as a result of increased regulatory oversight (including by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau), including oversight of companies in which Pinnacle Financial or Pinnacle Bank have significant investments, like BHG, and the development of additional banking products for Pinnacle Bank's corporate and consumer clients; (xxii) the risks associated with Pinnacle Bank being a minority investor in BHG, including the risk that the owners of a majority of the equity interests in BHG decide to sell the company or all or a portion of their ownership interests in BHG (triggering a similar sale by Pinnacle Bank); (xxiii) changes in state and federal legislation, regulations or policies applicable to banks and other financial service providers, like BHG, including regulatory or legislative developments; (xxiv) fluctuations in the valuations of Pinnacle Financial's equity investments and the ultimate success of such investments; (xxv) the availability of and access to capital; (xxvi) adverse results (including costs, fines, reputational harm, inability to obtain necessary approvals and/or other negative effects) from current or future litigation, regulatory examinations or other legal and/or regulatory actions, including as a result of Pinnacle Bank's participation in and execution of government programs related to the COVID-19 pandemic; and (xxvii) general competitive, economic, political and market conditions. A more detailed description of these and other risks is contained in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" below. Many of such factors are beyond Pinnacle Financial's ability to control or predict, and readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Pinnacle Financial disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 3 

PART I 
 
 Unless this Form 10-K indicates otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms "we," "our," "us," "the firm," "Pinnacle Financial Partners," "Pinnacle" or "Pinnacle Financial" as used herein refer to Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc., and its subsidiaries, including Pinnacle Bank, which we sometimes refer to as "our bank subsidiary" or "our bank" and its other subsidiaries. References herein to the fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022 mean our fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 The disclosures set forth in this item are qualified by Item 1A. Risk Factors and the section captioned Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K and other cautionary statements set forth elsewhere in this report. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW 
 
 Pinnacle Financial Partners is a financial holding company headquartered in Tennessee, with approximately 42.0 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2022. The holding company is the parent company of Pinnacle Bank, a Tennessee state-chartered bank, and owns 100 of the capital stock of Pinnacle Bank. The firm started operations on October 27, 2000, in Nashville, Tennessee, and has since grown through a combination of acquisitions and organic growth to 123 offices from which we conduct branch banking operations, including 51 in Tennessee, 38 in North Carolina, 20 in South Carolina, 10 in Virginia, two in Georgia and two in Alabama. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial provides a full range of banking, investment, trust, mortgage and insurance products and services designed for businesses and their owners and individuals interested in a comprehensive relationship with their financial institution. The firm is the No. 1 bank in the Nashville-Murfreesboro-Franklin MSA, according to June 30, 2022 deposit data from the FDIC, is listed by Forbes among the top 25 banks in the nation and earned a spot on 2022 list of 100 Best Companies to Work For in the U.S., its sixth consecutive appearance. Pinnacle Bank was also listed in Fortune magazine as the second best company to work for in the U.S. for women. American Banker recognized Pinnacle as one of America s Best Banks to Work in 2022 for the ninth year in a row and No. 1 among banks with more than 11 billion in assets in 2021. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank owns a 49 percent interest in Bankers Healthcare Group (BHG), which provides innovative, hassle-free financial solutions to healthcare practitioners and other professionals. Prior to September 30, 2022, we held a portion of this investment at Pinnacle Financial and a portion at Pinnacle Bank. Effective September 30, 2022, Pinnacle Financial contributed 100 of the equity interests of BHG owned by it to Pinnacle Bank. The loans originated by BHG are either financed by secured borrowings or sold to independent financial institutions and investors. Great Place to Work and FORTUNE ranked BHG No. 4 on its 2021 list of Best Workplaces in New York State in the small/medium business category. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial Partners operates as a community bank in 17 primarily urban markets and their surrounding communities. As an urban community bank, Pinnacle Bank provides the personalized service most often associated with smaller banks while offering many of the sophisticated products and services, such as investments and treasury management, more typically found at much larger banks. This approach has enabled Pinnacle Bank to attract clients from the regional and national banks in all its markets. 

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
 Lending Services 
 
 We offer a full range of lending products, including commercial, real estate and consumer loans to individuals, businesses and professional entities. We compete for these loans with competitors who are also well established in our geographic markets as well as other non-depository institution lenders that are subject to less regulation than we are. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank's loan approval policies provide for various levels of officer lending authority. When the total amount of loans to a single borrower exceeds an individual officer's lending authority, officers with higher lending authority determine whether to approve any new loan requests or renewals of existing loans. Loans to directors and executive officers subject to Regulation O of the FDIC's rules and regulations require approval of the board, and, certain extensions of credit, including loans above certain amounts require approval of a committee of the board. 

4 

Pinnacle Bank's lending activities are subject to a variety of lending limits imposed by federal and state law. Differing limits apply based on the type of loan or the nature of the borrower, including the borrower's relationship to Pinnacle Bank. In general, however, at December 31, 2022, we were able to loan any one borrower a maximum amount equal to approximately 642.4 million, for loans that meet certain additional collateral guidelines. These legal limits will increase or decrease as Pinnacle Bank's capital increases or decreases as a result of its earnings or losses, the injection of additional capital, payments of dividends, acquisitions, or for other reasons. Pinnacle Bank has internal loan limits ranging from 15 million to 100 million, dependent upon the internal risk rating of a loan, all of which limits are well below the legal lending limit of the bank. 
 
 The principal economic risk associated with each category of loans that Pinnacle Bank has made or may in the future make is the creditworthiness of the borrower. General economic factors affecting a commercial or consumer borrower's ability to repay include interest, inflation and unemployment rates, as well as other factors affecting a borrower's assets, clients, business, suppliers and employees. Many of Pinnacle Bank's commercial loans are made to small- to medium-sized businesses that are sometimes less able to withstand competitive, economic and financial pressures than larger borrowers. During periods of economic weakness or periods of increased inflation, like we are currently experiencing, these businesses may be more rapidly and more adversely affected than other enterprises and may cause increased levels of nonaccrual or other problem loans, loan charge-offs and higher provision for credit losses. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank's commercial clients borrow for a variety of purposes. The terms of these loans (which include, among others, equipment loans and working capital loans) will vary by purpose and by type of any underlying collateral, if any. Commercial loans may be unsecured or secured by accounts receivable or by other business assets. Pinnacle Bank also makes a variety, if any, of commercial real estate loans, including loans secured by investment properties and business loans secured by real estate. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank also makes a variety of loans secured and unsecured to individuals for personal, family, investment and household purposes, including installment and term loans, lines of credit, residential first mortgage loans, home equity loans and home equity lines of credit. We also offer credit cards for consumers and businesses directly as well as through the marketing efforts of BHG. 
 
 Through our subsidiary Advocate Capital, we make loans to law firms to finance case expenses and the firms' working capital needs. These loans are typically secured by the borrower's receivables and include guaranties by certain individual partners of the firm. 
 
 Through our subsidiary JB B Capital, we originate commercial equipment leases, which we also originate through Pinnacle Bank. 
 
 Additionally, during 2022, we added two specialty lending groups: franchise lending and equipment lease financing. 
 
 Deposit Services 
 
 Pinnacle Bank seeks to establish a broad base of core deposits, including savings, noninterest-bearing checking, interest-bearing checking, money market and certificate of deposit accounts, including access to products offered through various IntraFi Network Deposit programs. While Pinnacle Bank is focused on attracting operating accounts and other core deposits and lowering our cost of funds, rates paid on such deposits vary among banking markets and deposit categories due to different terms and conditions, individual deposit size, services rendered and rates paid by competitors on similar deposit products. We act as a depository for a number of state and local governments and government agencies or instrumentalities. Such public fund deposits are often subject to competitive bid and in many cases must be secured by pledging a portion of our investment securities or a letter of credit. 
 
 To attract deposits, Pinnacle Bank has typically employed a reputation management plan in its current geographic markets primarily based on relationship banking and features a broad product line and rates and services it believes are competitive. The primary sources of deposits are businesses, their owners and individuals interested in a comprehensive relationship with their financial institution located in those geographic markets. Pinnacle Bank traditionally has obtained these deposits primarily through personal solicitation by its financial advisors and leadership team, although its use of advertising has increased in recent years, primarily due to its partnerships with the Tennessee Titans NFL football team and the Memphis Grizzlies NBA basketball team. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank also offers its targeted commercial clients a comprehensive array of treasury management and remote deposit services, which allow electronic deposits to be made from the client's place of business. Our treasury management services include, among other products, online wire origination, enhanced ACH origination services, positive pay, zero balance and sweep accounts, automated bill pay services, electronic receivables processing, lockbox processing, merchant card acceptance services, small business and commercial credit cards and corporate purchasing cards. 

5 

Investment, Trust and Insurance Services 
 
 Pinnacle Bank contracts with Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. ("RJFS"), a registered broker-dealer and investment adviser, to offer and sell various securities and other financial products to the public through associates who are employed by both Pinnacle Bank and RJFS. RJFS is a subsidiary of Raymond James Financial, Inc. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank offers, through RJFS, non-FDIC insured investment products to help clients achieve their financial objectives within their risk tolerances. The brokerage and investment advisory program offered by RJFS complements Pinnacle Bank's general banking business and further supports its business philosophy and strategy of delivering to our clients a comprehensive array of products and services that meet their financial needs. Pursuant to its contract, RJFS is primarily responsible for the compliance monitoring of dual employees of RJFS and Pinnacle Bank. Additionally, Pinnacle Bank has developed its own compliance-monitoring program in an effort to further ensure that associates deliver these products in a manner consistent with the various regulations governing such activities. Pinnacle Bank receives a percentage of commission credits and fees generated by the program. Pinnacle Bank remains responsible for various expenses associated with the program, including furnishings, equipment and promotional expenses and general personnel costs, including commissions paid to licensed brokers. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank also provides fiduciary and investment services through its Trust Investment Services department. Services offered for individual and commercial clients include an array of accounts including personal trust, investment management, estate administration, endowments, foundations, individual retirement accounts, escrow services and custody. Additionally, Trust Investment Services provides investment services for qualified plans, primarily through its Retirement Plan Services division. 
 
 Additionally, Pinnacle Wealth Advisors, a registered investment advisor, provides investment advisory services to its clients. Miller Loughry Beach Insurance Services, Inc. and HPB Insurance Group, Inc., which are insurance agency subsidiaries of Pinnacle Bank, provide insurance products, particularly in the property and casualty area, to their respective clients. Advocap Insurance Agency, Inc., an insurance agency subsidiary of Advocate Capital, sells insurance products, including professional liability, cyber protection, directors and officers, errors and omissions and life insurance, to its clients consisting mainly of law firms and partners within those firms. 
 
 M A Advisory and Securities Offering Services 
 
 PNFP Capital Markets, Inc. launched in 2015. As a broker-dealer, this team offers corporate clients merger and acquisition advisory services, private debt, equity and mezzanine placement services and other selected middle-market advisory services. 
 
 Other Banking Services 
 
 Given client demand to access banking and investment services easily, Pinnacle Bank also offers a broad array of convenience-centered products and services, including 24-hour telephone and online banking, mobile banking, debit and credit cards, direct deposit, remote deposit capture and mobile deposit options. We also offer cash management services for businesses. Additionally, Pinnacle Bank is associated with a nationwide network of automated teller machines of other financial institutions that clients are able to use throughout our footprint. In many cases, Pinnacle Bank reimburses its clients for any fees that may be charged for using the nationwide ATM network, providing greater convenience as compared to regional competitors. 
 
 Competitive Conditions 
 We face substantial competition in all areas of our operations from a variety of different competitors, many of whom are larger and have more financial resources than we do. Such competitors primarily include national, regional and internet banks within the various markets in which we operate though we also compete with smaller community banks that seek to offer service levels similar to ours. We also face competition from many other types of institutions, including, without limitation, savings and loans associations, credit unions, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies and other financial intermediaries. 
 
 The financial services industry is becoming even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. Banks, securities firms, and insurance companies can operate as affiliates under the umbrella of a financial holding company, which can offer virtually any type of financial service, including banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting), and merchant banking. Also, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for nonbanks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. Many of our nonbank competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. Additionally, due to their size, many competitors may be able to achieve economies of scale and, as a result, may be able to develop and offer a broader range of products and services as well as better pricing for those products and services. Continued consolidation in the financial services industry, due in part to the regulatory changes made under the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act, including the 
 6 

increased asset threshold for required stress testing, as discussed below under "Supervision and Regulation - The Dodd-Frank Act," has contributed to increases in the number of large competitors we face in our markets. Finally, our competitors may choose to offer lower interest rates and pay higher deposit rates than we do. The actions of these competitors in these regards could cause us to lose customers or elements of the total business relationship we have with a client which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 We believe that the most important criteria to our bank's targeted clients when selecting a bank is their desire to receive exceptional and personal service. Equally important is being able to enjoy convenient access to a broad array of financial products offered by a financial institution with an ability to meet the changing needs of a sophisticated client base. Additionally, when presented with a choice, we believe that many of our bank's targeted clients would prefer to deal with an institution that favors local decision making as opposed to one where many important decisions regarding a client's financial affairs are made outside of the local community. 
 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 
 From our founding, we have focused on building an excellent work environment, because we believe excited associates lead to engaged clients and that engaged clients contribute to enriched shareholders. Our hiring philosophy has always been to create the best place to work in our markets. That started with our initial offices in our hometown of Nashville. From there we have branched out across our home state of Tennessee and into some of the best markets in the Southeast. Our hiring philosophy is simple: We aim to hire successful, experienced bankers in each of our markets that share our desire to build a team-oriented firm where our associates win together. In our company, all non-commissioned associates have one set of performance goals under our annual cash incentive plan and nearly every associate in our company is annually awarded equity-based compensation. We believe our unique culture and its resulting high levels of associate engagement and retention rates allow us to be better than our competitors in meeting the needs of our clients. 
 
 We are engaging with our associates on a regular basis to assess job satisfaction, and we use the information from internal and third-party surveys to improve our ability to attract, develop, and retain talented associates who drive client engagement. All associates joining Pinnacle, including those joining as a result of an acquisition, participate in a three-day orientation that focuses on culture. During 2022, we received more than 15 local or national workplace awards including ranking No. 28 among the 100 Best Companies to Work For, No. 7 Best Workplaces for Millennials and No. 2 Best Workplaces for Women all by Great Place to Work and FORTUNE Magazine. As well as earning a spot on PEOPLE magazine's 100 Companies That Care list. All of these honors place heavy emphasis on anonymous surveys of associates in the judging criteria. We believe these awards illustrate that our culture is strong, and our financial returns illustrate that the focus on culture is a winning business strategy. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 3,241.5 full-time equivalent associates. 
 
 None of our associates are represented by a union, collective bargaining agreement or similar arrangement, and we have not experienced any labor disputes or strikes arising from any organized labor groups. We aim to create a great place to work for all of our associates. We believe that a strong and diverse team is critical to our success and are committed to being more vocal and focused on our efforts toward creating a great place to work for all. We are guided by the foundational elements of our diversity and inclusion policy, namely that all people deserve a great place to work and do business and that every community deserves an equal opportunity for economic prosperity. At December 31, 2022, more than 65 of our associates were women and approximately 16 identify themselves as part of a racial or ethnic minority group. Among the Company s 162-person Leadership Team, women make up approximately 35 of these associates, up from 22.58 in 2020 while minorities account for approximately 8 of the Leadership Team members, up from 4 in 2020. Beginning in 2020, a senior leadership team made up of a subset of these Leadership Team members was formed. Presently, the senior leadership team consists of 12 associates, with women making up 17 of this group and minorities making up 8 . Though we are proud of the progress we have made, we understand that more work remains to be done and we have implemented several initiatives designed to achieve a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive team, including enhanced training, leadership succession initiatives, and the development of a multi-year strategy to focus on enhancing our associates diversity, equity, and inclusion awareness. This diversity, equity, and inclusion awareness enhancement process includes a number of initiatives that are underway to build broader networks with diverse agencies and community organizations as we look to recruit and develop future diverse associates and leaders. In 2020, we also named our first Director of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion to lead our coordinated efforts and in 2021 we expanded that infrastructure by creating two new regional DEI Advisor roles. 
 
 Serving the needs of all of the members of our communities also remains an important part of our strategy. For years, we have focused our community investment efforts on giving within four categories that we believe improve the quality of life of the citizens in our communities: education, health and human services, economic development and the arts. We also empower our associates to serve the causes about which they are most passionate. In 2022, our associates volunteered more than 30,877 hours of their time to help organizations across our footprint. 

7 

OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 In addition to loans, Pinnacle Bank has investments primarily in United States treasury and agency securities, agency sponsored mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds and state and municipal securities. No investment in any of those instruments exceeds any applicable limitation imposed by law or regulation. The risk committee of the board of directors reviews the investment portfolio on an ongoing basis in order to ensure that the investments conform to Pinnacle Bank's asset liability management policy as set by the board of directors. 
 
 Asset and Liability Management 
 
 Our Asset Liability Management Committee ("ALCO"), composed of senior managers of Pinnacle Bank, manages Pinnacle Bank's assets and liabilities and strives to provide a stable, optimized net interest income and margin, adequate liquidity and ultimately a suitable after-tax return on assets and return on equity. ALCO conducts these management functions within the framework of written policies that Pinnacle Bank's board of directors has adopted. ALCO works to maintain an acceptable position between rate sensitive assets and rate sensitive liabilities. The Risk Committee of the board of directors oversees the ALCO function on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains the reports, proxy and information statements, and other information we have filed or furnished with the SEC. 
 
 Our website address is www.pnfp.com. Please note that our website address is provided as an inactive textual reference only. We make available free of charge through our website, the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information provided on our website is not part of this report, and is therefore not incorporated by reference unless such information is otherwise specifically referenced elsewhere in this report. 
 
 We have also posted our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Corporate Code of Conduct for directors, officers and employees, and the charters of our Audit Committee, Human Resources and Compensation Committee, Executive Committee, Risk Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our board of directors in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.pnfp.com. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Corporate Code of Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines or current committee charters on our website. Our corporate governance materials are available free of charge upon request to our Corporate Secretary at our corporate headquarters, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc., 150 Third Avenue South, Suite 900, Nashville, Tennessee 37201. Our telephone number for our corporate headquarters is (615) 744-3700. 

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 
 Both Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank as well as many of their subsidiaries and entities in which they have made investments are subject to extensive state and federal banking and other laws and regulations that impose restrictions on and provide for general regulatory oversight of Pinnacle Financial's and Pinnacle Bank's and these subsidiaries operations. These laws and regulations are generally intended to protect depositors and borrowers, not shareholders. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial 
 
 Pinnacle Financial is a bank holding company under the federal Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 that has elected to become a "financial holding company" thereunder. As a result, it is subject to the supervision, examination, and reporting requirements of the Bank Holding Company Act and the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ("Federal Reserve"). 

8 

Acquisition of Banks. The Bank Holding Company Act requires every bank holding company to obtain the Federal Reserve's prior approval before: 
 Acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if, after the acquisition, the bank holding company will directly or indirectly own or control more than 5 of the bank's voting shares; 
 Acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of any bank; or 
 Subject to certain exemptions, merging or consolidating with any other bank holding company. 
 
 Additionally, the Bank Holding Company Act provides that the Federal Reserve may not approve any of these transactions if it would substantially lessen competition or otherwise function as a restraint of trade, or result in or tend to create a monopoly, unless the anticompetitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed by the public interest in meeting the convenience and needs of the communities to be served. The Federal Reserve is also required to consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding companies and banks concerned; the effectiveness of the applicant in combating money laundering; the convenience and needs of the communities to be served; and the extent to which the proposal would result in greater or more concentrated risk to the United States banking or financial system. 
 
 Under the Bank Holding Company Act, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank Act"), if well capitalized and well managed, a bank holding company located in Tennessee may purchase a bank located outside of Tennessee. Conversely, a well capitalized and well managed bank holding company located outside of Tennessee may purchase a bank located inside Tennessee. In each case, however, state law restrictions may be placed on the acquisition of a bank that has only been in existence for a limited amount of time or will result in specified concentrations of deposits. For example, Tennessee law currently prohibits a bank holding company from acquiring control of a Tennessee-based financial institution until the target financial institution has been in operation for three years. 
 
 Change in Bank Control. Subject to various exceptions, the Federal Change in Bank Control Act, together with related regulations, require Federal Reserve approval prior to any person or company acquiring "control" of a bank holding company. Control is conclusively presumed to exist if an individual or company acquires 25 or more of any class of voting securities of the bank holding company. Control is rebuttably presumed to exist if a person or company acquires 10 or more, but less than 25 , of any class of voting securities and either: 
 The bank holding company has registered securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act; or 
 No other person owns a greater percentage of that class of voting securities immediately after the transaction. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial's common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The regulations provide a procedure for challenge of the rebuttable control presumption. 
 
 Permitted Activities. Bank holding companies generally are prohibited, except in certain statutorily prescribed instances including exceptions for financial holding companies, from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of 5 or more of any class of the outstanding voting securities of any company that is not a bank or bank holding company and from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks, or furnishing services to its subsidiaries. However, subject to prior notice or Federal Reserve approval, bank holding companies may engage in, or acquire shares of companies engaged in, activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 amended the Bank Holding Company Act and expanded the activities in which bank holding companies and affiliates of banks are permitted to engage. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act eliminated many federal and state law barriers to affiliations among banks and securities firms, insurance companies, and other financial service providers, and provided that holding companies which elected to become financial holding companies, as Pinnacle Financial has done, could engage in activities that are: 
 Financial in nature; 
 Incidental to a financial activity (as determined by the Federal Reserve in consultation with the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury); or 
 Complementary to a financial activity and do not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally (as determined by the Federal Reserve). 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act identifies the following activities as financial in nature: 
 Lending, trust and other banking activities; 
 Insuring, guaranteeing, or indemnifying against loss or harm, or providing and issuing annuities, and acting as principal, agent, or broker for these purposes, in any state; 
 Providing financial, investment, or advisory services; 
 Issuing or selling instruments representing interests in pools of assets permissible for a bank to hold directly; 
 Underwriting, dealing in or making a market in securities; 
 Activities that the Federal Reserve has determined to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident to banking or managing or controlling banks; 
 Activities permitted outside of the United States that the Federal Reserve has determined to be usual in connection with banking or other financial operations abroad; 
 9 

Merchant banking, including through securities or insurance affiliates; and 
 Insurance company portfolio investments. 
 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act also authorizes the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury, to determine activities in addition to those listed above that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary to such financial activity. In determining whether a particular activity is financial in nature or incidental or complementary to a financial activity, the Federal Reserve must consider (1) the purpose of the Bank Holding Company Act and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, (2) changes or reasonably expected changes in the marketplace in which financial holding companies compete and in the technology for delivering financial services, and (3) whether the activity is necessary or appropriate to allow financial holding companies to effectively compete with other financial service providers and to efficiently deliver information and services. Pinnacle Financial became a financial holding company effective as of February 17, 2016. 
 
 To maintain financial holding company status, a financial holding company and all of its depository institution subsidiaries must be "well capitalized" and "well managed" and, except in limited circumstances, in satisfactory compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act, as discussed in the section captioned Community Reinvestment Act below. A depository institution subsidiary is considered to be "well capitalized" if it satisfies the requirements for this status discussed in the section captioned "Capital Adequacy" below. A depository institution subsidiary is considered "well managed" if it received a composite rating and management rating of at least "satisfactory" in its most recent examination. A financial holding company's status will also depend upon it maintaining its status as "well capitalized" and "well managed" under applicable Federal Reserve regulations. If a financial holding company ceases to meet these capital and management requirements, the Federal Reserve's regulations provide that the financial holding company must enter into an agreement with the Federal Reserve to comply with all applicable capital and management requirements. Until the financial holding company returns to compliance, the Federal Reserve may impose limitations or conditions on the conduct of its activities, and the company may not commence any of the broader financial activities permissible for financial holding companies or acquire a company engaged in such financial activities without prior approval of the Federal Reserve. If the company does not return to compliance within 180 days, the Federal Reserve may require divestiture of the holding company's depository institutions or alternatively the holding company may be required to cease to engage in the activities that it is engaged in that a bank holding company is not permitted to engage in without being a financial holding company. 
 
 In order for a financial holding company to commence any new activity permitted by the Bank Holding Company Act or to acquire a company engaged in any new activity permitted by the Bank Holding Company Act, each insured depository institution subsidiary of the financial holding company must have received a rating of at least "satisfactory" in its most recent examination under the Community Reinvestment Act. 
 
 Despite prior approval, the Federal Reserve may order a financial holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any of these activities or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when it has reasonable cause to believe that the financial holding company's continued ownership, activity or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness, or stability of any of its bank subsidiaries or if there is a failure to maintain certain capital or management standards. 
 
 Support of Subsidiary Institutions. Pinnacle Financial is required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its bank subsidiary, Pinnacle Bank, and to commit resources to support Pinnacle Bank. This support can be required at times when it would not be in the best interest of Pinnacle Financial's shareholders or creditors to provide it. In the event of Pinnacle Financial's bankruptcy, any commitment by it to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of Pinnacle Bank would be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank 
 
 Pinnacle Financial owns one bank - Pinnacle Bank. Pinnacle Bank is a state bank chartered under the laws of the State of Tennessee that is not a member of the Federal Reserve. As a result, it is subject to the supervision, examination and reporting requirements and the regulations of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") and Tennessee Department of Financial Institutions ("TDFI"). The TDFI has the authority to approve or disapprove mergers, the issuance of preferred stock and capital notes, the establishment of branches and similar corporate actions. The TDFI regularly examines state banks like Pinnacle Bank and in connection with its examinations may identify matters necessary to improve a bank's operation in accordance with principles of safety and soundness. The FDIC also has examination powers with respect to state, non-member banks like Pinnacle Bank. Any matters identified in such examinations are required to be appropriately addressed by the bank. Pinnacle Bank is also subject to numerous state and federal statutes and regulations that will affect its business, activities and operations. 
 
 Branching. While the TDFI has authority to approve branch applications, state banks are required by the State of Tennessee to adhere to branching laws applicable to state chartered banks in the states in which they are located. With prior regulatory approval, Tennessee law permits banks based in the state to either establish new or acquire existing branch offices throughout Tennessee. As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, Pinnacle Bank and any other national or state-chartered bank generally may branch across state lines to the same extent as banks chartered in the state where the branch is located. 
 10 

FDIC Insurance . Deposits in Pinnacle Bank are insured by the FDIC up to 250,000 subject to applicable limitations. To offset the cost of this insurance, the FDIC has adopted a risk-based assessment system for insured depository institutions that takes into account the risks attributable to different categories and concentrations of an insured depository institution s assets and liabilities. An institution s assessment rate depends on the category to which it is assigned and certain adjustments specified by the FDIC, with less risky institutions paying lower assessments. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC has adopted regulations that base deposit insurance assessments on total assets less capital rather than deposit liabilities and include off-balance sheet liabilities of institutions and their affiliates in risk-based assessments. After an institution's average assets exceed 10 billion over four quarters as ours have, the assessment rate increases compared to institutions at lower average asset levels. In addition, for larger institutions, like Pinnacle Bank, the FDIC uses a performance score and a loss-severity score that are used to calculate an initial assessment rate. In calculating these scores, the FDIC uses a bank s capital level and supervisory ratings and certain financial measures to assess an institution s ability to withstand asset-related stress and funding-related stress. The FDIC has the ability to make discretionary adjustments to the total score based upon significant risk factors that are not adequately captured in the calculations. Continued increases in our FDIC insurance premiums could have an adverse effect on Pinnacle Bank s and Pinnacle Financial s results of operations. 
 
 The FDIC may terminate its insurance of an institution's deposits if it finds that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. 
 
 General Enforcement Authority of Regulators 
 
 Bank holding companies (including those that have elected to be financial holding companies) and insured banks also may be subject to potential enforcement actions of varying levels of severity by the federal regulators for unsafe or unsound practices in conducting their business, or for violation of any law, rule, regulation, condition imposed in writing by any applicable agency or term of a written agreement with that agency. In more serious cases, enforcement actions may include the issuance of directives to increase capital; the issuance of formal and informal agreements; the imposition of civil monetary penalties; the issuance of a cease and desist order that can be judicially enforced; the issuance of removal and prohibition orders against officers, directors, and other institution-affiliated parties; the termination of the bank s deposit insurance; the appointment of a conservator or receiver for the bank; and the enforcement of such actions through injunctions or restraining orders based upon a judicial determination that the agency would be harmed if such equitable relief was not granted. 
 
 Capital Adequacy 
 
 The Federal Reserve has established a risk-based and a leverage measure of capital adequacy for bank holding companies. Pinnacle Bank is also subject to risk-based and leverage capital requirements adopted by the FDIC, which are substantially similar to those adopted by the Federal Reserve for bank holding companies. The risk-based capital standards are designed to make regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banks and bank holding companies, to account for off-balance-sheet exposure, and to minimize disincentives for holding liquid assets. Assets and off-balance-sheet items, such as letters of credit and unfunded loan commitments, are assigned to broad risk categories, each with appropriate risk weights. The resulting capital ratios represent capital as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets and off-balance-sheet items. Tennessee state banks are required to have the capital structure that the TDFI deems adequate, and the Commissioner of the TDFI as well as federal regulators may require a state bank (or its holding company in the case of federal regulators) to increase its capital structure to the point deemed adequate by the Commissioner or such other federal regulator before granting approval of a branch application, merger application or charter amendment. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act contains a number of provisions dealing with capital adequacy of insured depository institutions and their holding companies, and for the most part these provisions have resulted in insured depository institutions and their holding companies being subject to more stringent capital requirements than before passage of the act. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, federal regulators have established minimum Tier 1 leverage and risk-based capital requirements for, among other entities, banks and bank holding companies on a consolidated basis. These minimum requirements require that a bank holding company maintain a ratio of Tier 1 capital to average assets, less goodwill, other intangible assets and other required deductions ("Tier 1 leverage ratio") of not less than 4 and a total capital ratio of not less than 8 . 
 
 In July 2013, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC approved final rules that substantially amended the regulatory capital rules applicable to Pinnacle Bank and Pinnacle Financial, effective January 1, 2015. The final rules implement the regulatory capital reforms of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision reflected in "Basel III: A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems" (Basel III) and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. 

11 

Under these rules, the leverage and risk-based capital ratios of bank holding companies may not be lower than the leverage and risk-based capital ratios for insured depository institutions. The final capital rules implementing Basel III include minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios for banks and their holding companies. Moreover, these rules refined the definition of what constitutes "capital" for purposes of calculating those ratios, including the definitions of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. Total capital consists of two components, Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. Tier 1 capital generally consists of common stock (plus related surplus) and retained earnings, minority interests in the equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries and noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus, less goodwill and other specified intangible assets and other regulatory deductions. Tier 2 capital generally consists of perpetual preferred stock and related surplus not meeting the Tier 1 capital definition, qualifying trust preferred securities and subordinated debt, qualifying mandatorily convertible debt securities, and a limited amount of the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 The minimum capital level requirements applicable to bank holding companies and banks subject to the federal regulators' capital rules are: (i) a Tier 1 common equity CET1 capital ratio of 4.5 ; (ii) a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 ; (iii) a total risk-based capital ratio of 8 ; and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 for all institutions. The rules also established a "capital conservation buffer" of 2.5 (to consist of CET1 capital) above the regulatory minimum capital ratios that has resulted in the following minimum ratios: (i) a CET1 capital ratio of 7 , (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 , and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . The phase-in of the capital conservation buffer requirement was fully implemented in January 2019. An institution will be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses if capital levels fall below minimum levels plus the buffer amounts. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that could be utilized for any such actions. 
 
 Under the Basel III capital rules, CET1 consists of common stock and paid in capital and retained earnings. CET1 is reduced by goodwill, certain intangible assets, net of associated deferred tax liabilities, deferred tax assets that arise from tax credit and net operating loss carryforwards, net of any valuation allowance, and certain other items specified in the Basel III capital rules. The Basel III capital rules also provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that mortgage servicing rights, deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks and investments in non-consolidated financial institutions be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any such category exceeds 25 of CET1. 
 
 The final rules allow banks and their holding companies with less than 250 billion in assets a one-time opportunity to opt-out of a requirement to include unrealized gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income in their capital calculation. Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank each opted out of this requirement. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial must qualify as "well capitalized," among other requirements, in order for it to engage in certain acquisitions or be eligible for expedited treatment of certain regulatory applications, including those related to mergers and acquisitions. For Pinnacle Financial to qualify as "well capitalized," for these purposes it must have a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8 and a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10 and not be subject to a written agreement, order or directive to maintain a specific capital level. 
 
 Failure to meet statutorily mandated capital requirements or more restrictive ratios separately established for a depository institution or its holding company by its regulators could subject a bank or bank holding company to a variety of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, a prohibition on accepting or renewing brokered deposits, limitations on the rates of interest that the institution may pay on its deposits and other restrictions on its business. 
 
 Additionally, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA") establishes a system of prompt corrective action PCA to resolve the problems of undercapitalized financial institutions. Under this system, the federal banking regulators have established five capital categories (well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized) into one of which all institutions are placed. Federal banking regulators are required to take various mandatory supervisory actions and are authorized to take other discretionary actions with respect to institutions in the three undercapitalized categories. The severity of the action depends upon the capital category in which the institution is placed. Generally, subject to a narrow exception, the banking regulator must appoint a receiver or conservator within a specified period for an institution that is critically undercapitalized. The federal banking agencies have specified by regulation the relevant capital level for each category. 
 
 Under FDIC regulations, a state regulated bank which is not a member of the Federal Reserve (a state non-member bank) like Pinnacle Bank is "well capitalized" under PCA if it has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5 or better, a CET1 capital ratio of 6.5 or better, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 or better, a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or better, and is not subject to a regulatory agreement, order or directive to maintain a specific level for any capital measure. A state non-member bank is considered "adequately capitalized" if it has a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 4 , a CET1 capital ratio of 4.5 or better, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6.0 , a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 and does not meet the definition of a well-capitalized bank. Lower levels of capital result in a bank being considered undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. 

12 

State non-member banks are required to be "well capitalized" in order to take advantage of expedited procedures on certain applications, such as those related to the opening of branches and mergers, and to accept and renew brokered deposits without further regulatory approval. 
 
 An institution that is categorized as undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized is required to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan to its appropriate federal banking agency. In addition, a bank holding company must guarantee that a subsidiary depository institution meets its capital restoration plan, subject to various limitations. The controlling holding company's obligation to fund a capital restoration plan is limited to the lesser of 5 of an undercapitalized subsidiary's assets or the amount required to meet regulatory capital requirements. An undercapitalized institution is also generally prohibited from increasing its average total assets, making acquisitions, establishing any branches or engaging in any new line of business, except under an accepted capital restoration plan or with FDIC approval. The FDIC is required to resolve a bank when its ratio of tangible equity to tangible assets reaches 2 . The regulations also establish procedures for downgrading an institution into a lower capital category based on supervisory factors other than capital. 
 
 The Basel III capital rules prescribe a standardized approach for risk weightings that expand the risk-weighting categories from the four Basel I-derived categories (0 , 20 , 50 and 100 to a much larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature of the assets, generally ranging from 0 for U.S. government and agency securities, to 600 for certain equity exposures, and resulting in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories. Specific changes to the rules impacting Pinnacle Financial s and Pinnacle Bank s determination of risk-weighted assets include, among other things: 
 applying a 150 risk weight instead of a 100 risk weight for certain high volatility commercial real estate acquisition, development and construction loans; 
 assigning a 150 risk weight to the unsecured portion of non-residential mortgage loans that are 90 days past due or otherwise on nonaccrual status; 
 providing for a 20 credit conversion factor for the unused portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally cancellable (previously set at 0 ); 
 providing for a risk weight, generally not less than 20 with certain exceptions, for securities lending transactions based on the risk weight category of the underlying collateral securing the transaction; 
 providing for a 600 risk weight on certain equity exposures; and 
 eliminating the 50 cap on the risk weight for OTC derivatives. 
 
 In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision published the last version of the Basel III accord, generally referred to as Basel IV. The Basel Committee stated that a key objective of the revisions incorporated into the framework is to reduce excessive variability of risk-weighted assets RWA ), which will be accomplished by enhancing the robustness and risk sensitivity of the standardized approaches for credit risk and operational risk, which will facilitate the comparability of banks capital ratios; constraining the use of internally modeled approaches; and complementing the risk-weighted capital ratio with a finalized leverage ratio and a revised and robust capital floor. Under the Basel framework, these standards will generally be effective on January 1, 2023, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through January 1, 2028. Under the current U.S. capital rules, operational risk capital requirements and a capital floor apply only to advanced approaches institutions, and not to Pinnacle Financial or Pinnacle Bank. The impact of Basel IV on us will depend on the manner in which it is implemented by the federal bank regulators. 
 
 In February 2019, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule (the 2019 CECL Rule that revised certain capital regulations to account for changes to credit loss accounting under U.S. GAAP. The 2019 CECL Rule included a transition option that allows banking organizations to phase in, over a three-year period, the day-one adverse effects of adopting a new accounting standard related to the measurement of current expected credit losses CECL on their regulatory capital ratios (three-year transition option). In March 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued an interim final rule that maintains the three-year transition option of the 2019 CECL Rule and also provides banking organizations that were required under U.S. GAAP (as of January 2020) to implement CECL before the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years an estimate of the effect of CECL on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period (five-year transition option). As permitted by the interim final rule issued on March 27, 2020 by the federal banking regulatory agencies, each of Pinnacle Bank and Pinnacle Financial has elected the option to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital of Pinnacle Financial's and Pinnacle Bank's adoption of ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which was effective January 1, 2020. The initial impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13, as well as 25 of the quarterly increases in the allowance for credit losses subsequent to adoption of ASU 2016-13 (collectively the transition adjustments ), was delayed until December 31, 2021. As of January 1, 2022, the cumulative amount of the transition adjustments of 68.0 million became fixed and will be phased out of the regulatory capital calculations evenly over a three year period, with 75 recognized in 2022, 50 recognized in 2023, and 25 recognized in 2024. Beginning on January 1, 2025, the temporary regulatory capital benefits will be fully reversed. 

13 

At December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Bank's CET1 capital ratio was 10.9 , Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 10.9 , total risk-based capital ratio was 11.6 and Tier 1 leverage ratio was 10.1 , compared to 11.9 , 11.9 , 12.6 and 9.9 at December 31, 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial's CET1 capital ratio was 10.0 , Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 10.5 , total risk-based capital ratio was 12.4 and Tier 1 leverage ratio was 9.7 , compared to 10.9 , 11.7 , 13.8 and 9.7 at December 31, 2021, respectively. All of these ratios exceeded regulatory minimums and those required by Basel III and FDICIA (including after application of any applicable capital conservation buffer) to be considered well capitalized. More information concerning Pinnacle Financial's and Pinnacle Bank's regulatory ratios at December 31, 2022 is included in Note 19 to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Capital Planning 
 
 Banking organizations must have appropriate capital planning processes, with proper oversight from the board of directors. Accordingly, pursuant to a separate, general supervisory letter from the Federal Reserve, bank holding companies are expected to conduct and document comprehensive capital adequacy analyses prior to the declaration of any dividends (on common stock, preferred stock, trust preferred securities or other Tier 1 capital instruments), capital redemptions or capital repurchases. Moreover, the federal banking agencies have adopted a joint agency policy statement, noting that the adequacy and effectiveness of a bank s interest rate risk management process and the level of its interest rate exposures are critical factors in the evaluation of the bank s capital adequacy. A bank with material weaknesses in its interest rate risk management process or high levels of interest rate exposure relative to its capital will be directed by the relevant federal banking agencies to take corrective actions. 
 
 In January 2022, Pinnacle Financial announced that its board of directors had authorized a share repurchase program for up to 125.0 million of Pinnacle Financial s outstanding common stock, which is scheduled to expire upon the earlier of Pinnacle Financial s repurchase of shares of its outstanding common stock having an aggregate purchase price of 125.0 million and March 31, 2023. During 2022, Pinnacle Financial repurchased no shares of its common stock under such share repurchase program. In addition, in January 2023, Pinnacle Financial announced that its board of directors approved a subsequent repurchase program for up to 125.0 million. The new repurchase program will commence upon the expiration of the current program and is scheduled to expire upon the earlier of Pinnacle Financial s repurchase of shares of its outstanding common stock having an aggregate purchase price of 125.0 million and March 31, 2024. Repurchases of shares of Pinnacle Financial s common stock will be made in accordance with applicable laws and may be made at management s discretion from time to time in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. 
 
 Payment of Dividends 
 
 Pinnacle Financial is a legal entity separate and distinct from Pinnacle Bank. Though Pinnacle Financial had cash and cash equivalents of 186.6 million as of December 31, 2022, the principal source of Pinnacle Financial's cash flow, including cash flow to pay interest to its holders of subordinated debentures and subordinated notes, and any dividends payable to common shareholders and holders of its preferred stock, are dividends that Pinnacle Bank pays to Pinnacle Financial as its sole shareholder. Under Tennessee law, Pinnacle Financial is not permitted to pay dividends if, after giving effect to such payment, it would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business or its total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus any amounts needed to satisfy any preferential rights if it were dissolving. In addition, in deciding whether or not to declare a dividend of any particular size, Pinnacle Financial's board of directors must consider its and Pinnacle Bank's current and prospective capital, liquidity, and other needs. 
 
 In addition to state law limitations on Pinnacle Financial's ability to pay dividends, the Federal Reserve imposes limitations on Pinnacle Financial's ability to pay dividends. As noted above, effective January 1, 2016, Federal Reserve regulations limit dividends, stock repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers if Pinnacle Financial's regulatory capital is below the level of regulatory minimums plus the applicable capital conservation buffer. Additionally, it is Federal Reserve policy that bank holding companies generally should pay dividends on common stock only out of net income available to common shareholders over the past year and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with the organization's current and expected future capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Federal Reserve policy also provides that a bank holding company should inform the Federal Reserve reasonably in advance of declaring or paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the bank holding company's capital structure. See "Capital Adequacy" above. 
 
 Statutory and regulatory limitations also apply to Pinnacle Bank's payment of dividends to Pinnacle Financial. Pinnacle Bank is required by Tennessee law to obtain the prior approval of the Commissioner of the TDFI for payments of dividends if the total of all dividends declared by its board of directors in any calendar year will exceed (1) the total of Pinnacle Bank's net income for that year, plus (2) Pinnacle Bank's retained net income for the preceding two years. As of December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Bank could pay dividends to Pinnacle Financial of up to 1.0 billion. Generally, federal regulatory policy encourages holding company debt to be serviced by subsidiary bank dividends or additional equity rather than debt issuances. Pinnacle Financial had available cash balances of approximately 186.6 million at December 31, 2022 that could be used to support Pinnacle Bank. 
 
 14 

The payment of dividends by Pinnacle Bank and Pinnacle Financial may also be affected by other factors, such as the requirement to maintain adequate capital above statutory and regulatory requirements imposed on Pinnacle Bank or Pinnacle Financial by their regulators. The federal banking agencies have indicated that paying dividends that deplete a depository institution's capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. Under the FDICIA, a depository institution may not pay any dividend if payment would cause it to become undercapitalized or if it already is undercapitalized. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2013, Pinnacle Financial initiated a quarterly common stock dividend in the amount of 0.08 per share. The board of directors of Pinnacle Financial has increased the dividend amount per share over time. The most recent increase occurred on January 18, 2022, when the board of directors increased the dividend to 0.22 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial paid 68.2 million in net dividends to its common shareholders. On January 17, 2023, our board of directors declared a 0.22 per share quarterly cash dividend to common shareholders which approximated 16.7 million in aggregate dividend payments and was paid on February 24, 2023 to common shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 3, 2023. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2020, Pinnacle Financial issued 9.0 million depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of its 6.75 fixed rate non-cumulative, perpetual preferred stock, Series B (Series B Preferred Stock) in a registered public offering to both retail and institutional investors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial paid 15.2 million in dividends on its Series B Preferred Stock. On January 17, 2023, our board of directors approved a quarterly dividend of approximately 3.8 million, or 16.88 per share (or 0.422 per depositary share), on the Series B Preferred Stock payable on March 1, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 14, 2023. 
 
 The amount and timing of all future dividend payments, if any, including on the Series B Preferred Stock, is subject to our board's discretion and will depend on our earnings, capital position, financial condition and other factors, including, if necessary, our receipt of dividends from Pinnacle Bank, regulatory capital requirements, as they become known to us and receipt of any regulatory approvals that may become required as a result of our and our bank subsidiary's financial results. If we fail to pay dividends on our Series B Preferred Stock, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock. 
 
 Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates 
 
 Both Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank are subject to the provisions of Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act. Section 23A places limits on the amount of: 
 
 A bank's loans or extensions of credit, including purchases of assets subject to an agreement to repurchase, to or for the benefit of affiliates; 
 A bank's investment in affiliates; 
 Assets a bank may purchase from affiliates, except for real and personal property exempted by the Federal Reserve; 
 The amount of loans or extensions of credit to third parties collateralized by the securities or obligations of affiliates; 
 Transactions involving the borrowing or lending of securities and any derivative transaction that results in credit exposure to an affiliate; and 
 A bank's guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit issued on behalf of an affiliate. 
 
 The total amount of the above transactions is limited in amount, as to any one affiliate, to 10 of a bank's capital and surplus and, as to all affiliates combined, to 20 of a bank's capital stock and surplus. In addition to the limitation on the amount of these transactions, each of the above transactions that is a credit transaction must also meet specified collateral requirements. Pinnacle Bank must also comply with other provisions designed to avoid the taking of low-quality assets. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank are also subject to the provisions of Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act which, among other things, prohibits an institution from engaging in the above transactions with affiliates unless the transactions are on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the institution or its subsidiaries, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with nonaffiliated companies. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank is also subject to restrictions on extensions of credit to its executive officers, directors, principal shareholders and their related interests. These extensions of credit are subject to certain dollar value limitations, must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with third parties, and must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. 

15 

Community Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending 
 
 The Community Reinvestment Act CRA requires that, in connection with examinations of financial institutions within their respective jurisdictions, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC shall evaluate the record of each financial institution in meeting the credit needs of its local communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods consistent with safe and sound operations of the institutions. These facts are also considered in evaluating mergers, acquisitions, and applications to open a branch or facility. Failure to adequately meet these criteria could impose additional requirements and limitations on Pinnacle Bank. Additionally, banks are required to publicly disclose the terms of various Community Reinvestment Act-related agreements. Pinnacle Bank received a satisfactory CRA rating from its primary federal regulator on its most recent regulatory examination. 
 
 In December 2019, the FDIC and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC jointly proposed rules that would have significantly changed existing CRA regulations. In May 2020, the OCC issued its final CRA rule, effective October 1, 2020; however, in December 2021, the OCC revoked the newly issued rule and largely reverted to its prior CRA rule. In May 2022, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC issued a joint proposal that seeks to, among other things (i) expand access to credit, investment and basic banking services in low- and moderate-income communities, (ii) adapt to changes in the banking industry, including internet and mobile banking by modernizing assessment areas while maintaining a focus on branch-based areas, (iii) provide greater clarity, consistency and transparency in the application of the regulations and (iv) tailor performance standards to account for differences in bank size, business model, and local conditions. We will continue to evaluate the impact of any changes to the regulations implementing the CRA and their impact to our financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity, which cannot be predicted at this time. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank is also subject to fair lending requirements and reporting obligations involving its home mortgage lending operations. Fair lending laws prohibit discrimination in the provision of banking services, and bank regulators have increasingly focused on the enforcement of these laws. Fair lending laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act of 1974 and the Fair Housing Act of 1968, which prohibit discrimination in credit and residential real estate transactions on the basis of prohibited factors including, among others, race, color, national origin, gender and religion. Pinnacle Bank may be liable, either through administrative enforcement or private civil actions, for policies that result in a disparate treatment of or have a disparate impact on a protected class of applicants or borrowers. If a pattern or practice of lending discrimination is alleged by a regulator, then that agency may refer the matter to the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ for investigation. Pursuant to a Memorandum of Understanding, the DOJ and Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB have agreed to share information, coordinate investigations and generally commit to strengthen their coordination efforts. Pinnacle Bank is required to have a fair lending program that is of sufficient scope to monitor the inherent fair lending risk of the institution and that appropriately remediates issues which are identified. 
 
 Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 
 
 State and federal banking regulators have issued various policy statements and, in some cases, regulations, emphasizing the importance of technology risk management and supervision. In March 2022, the SEC proposed rules that would require disclosure of material cybersecurity incidents, as well as cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance. On November 18, 2021, the federal banking agencies issued a joint final rule that requires a banking organization to notify their primary federal regulator within 36 hours of becoming aware that a significant computer-security incident has occurred. In general, a banking organization must notify its primarily federal regulator for incidents that have materially disrupted, degraded or impaired - or are reasonably likely to materially disrupt, degrade or impair - (i) the ability of such banking organization to carry out banking operations and activities or deliver banking products and services, (ii) such banking organization s results of operations, or (iii) the financial stability of the financial sector. The final rule also requires a bank service provider to notify each of its affected customers as soon as possible when it determines that it has experienced a computer-security incident that has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, a material service disruption for four or more hours. Compliance with the final rule was required by May 1, 2022. This new rule and the earlier such policy statements and regulations indicate that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. A financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. 

16 

Federal statutes and regulations, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978, limit Pinnacle Financial s and Pinnacle Bank s ability to disclose non-public information about consumers, customers and employees to nonaffiliated third parties. Specifically, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires disclosure of our privacy policies and practices relating to sharing non-public information and enables retail customers to opt out of the institution s ability to share information with unaffiliated third parties under certain circumstances. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act also requires Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information and, if applicable state law is more protective of customer privacy than the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, financial institutions, including Pinnacle Bank, will be required to comply with such state law. An increasing number of state laws and regulations have been enacted in recent years to implement privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations, including data breach notification and data privacy requirements. Other nations in which our customers do business, such as the European Union, have adopted similar requirements. This trend of state-level and international activity is expected to continue to expand, requiring continual monitoring of developments in the states and nations in which our customers are located and ongoing investments in our information systems and compliance capabilities. 
 
 Other laws and regulations impact Pinnacle Financial s and Pinnacle Bank s ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes. These regulations affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial companies and conveyed to outside vendors. In connection with the regulations governing the privacy of consumer financial information, the federal banking agencies, including the FDIC, have adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and programs to protect such information. In addition, Pinnacle Bank has established a privacy policy that it believes promotes compliance with the federal requirements. 
 
 Other Consumer Laws and Regulations 
 
 Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by Pinnacle Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. For example, under the Service Members Civil Relief Act, a lender is generally prohibited from charging an annual interest rate in excess of 6 on any obligations for which the borrower is a person on active duty with the United States military. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank's loan operations are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: 
 
 Federal Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms and costs to consumer borrowers, giving consumers the right to cancel certain credit transactions, and defining requirements for servicing consumer loans secured by a dwelling; 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 
 Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; 
 Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; 
 Service Members Civil Relief Act, governing the repayment terms of, and property rights underlying, secured obligations of persons in active military service; 
 Rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing the federal laws; 
 Electronic Fund Transfers Act, which regulates fees and other terms of electronic funds transactions; 
 Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003, which permanently extended the national credit reporting standards of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and permits consumers, including our customers, to opt out of information sharing among affiliated companies for marketing purposes and requires financial institutions, including banks, to notify a customer if the institution provides negative information about the customer to a national credit reporting agency or if the credit that is granted to the customer is on less favorable terms than those generally available; and 
 Real Estate Settlement and Procedures Act of 1974, which affords consumers greater protection pertaining to federally related mortgage loans by requiring, among other things, improved and streamlined loan estimate forms including clear summary information and improved disclosure of yield spread premiums. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank's deposit operations are subject to the: 
 
 Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; 
 Electronic Fund Transfers Act and Regulation E issued by the Federal Reserve to implement that act, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers' rights and liabilities (including with respect to the permissibility of overdraft charges) arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services. 
 Truth in Savings Act, which requires depository institutions to disclose the terms of deposit accounts to consumers; 
 17 

Expedited Funds Availability Act, which requires financial institutions to make deposited funds available according to specified time schedules and to disclose funds availability policies to consumers; and 
 Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act ("Check 21"), which is designed to foster innovation in the payments system and to enhance its efficiency by reducing some of the legal impediments to check truncation. Check 21 created a new negotiable instrument called a substitute check and permits, but does not require banks to truncate original checks, process check information electronically, and deliver substitute checks to banks that wish to continue receiving paper checks. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank's loan and deposit operations are both subject to the Bank Secrecy Act BSA which governs how banks and other firms report certain currency transactions and maintain appropriate safeguards against "money laundering" activities as discussed in the section captioned Anti-Terrorism Legislation and Anti-Money Laundering below. 
 
 Examination and enforcement by the state and federal banking agencies, including the CFPB (as described in more detail below), and other such enforcement authorities, for non-compliance with consumer protection laws and their implementing regulations have increased and become more intense. Due to these heightened regulatory concerns, including increased enforcement of the CRA by the federal banking agencies, and the powers and authority of the CFPB, Pinnacle Bank and its affiliates may incur additional compliance costs or be required to expend additional funds for investments in their local community. 
 
 Anti-Terrorism Legislation and Anti-Money Laundering 
 
 Pursuant to the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, as amended, financial institutions are subject to prohibitions against specified financial transactions and account relationships as well as enhanced due diligence and "know your customer" standards in their dealings with foreign financial institutions and foreign customers. 
 
 A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The BSA and its implementing regulations and parallel requirements of the federal banking regulators require Pinnacle Bank to maintain a risk-based anti-money laundering AML program reasonably designed to prevent and detect money laundering and terrorist financing and to comply with the recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the BSA, including the requirement to report suspicious activity. The USA PATRIOT Act substantially broadened the scope of AML laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations on financial institutions, creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. Financial institutions, including banks, are required under final rules implementing Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act to establish procedures for collecting standard information from customers opening new accounts and verifying the identity of these new account holders within a reasonable period of time. Financial institutions are also prohibited from entering into specified financial transactions and account relationships and must take certain steps to assist government agencies in detecting and preventing money laundering and to report certain types of suspicious transactions. In May 2016, Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN issued rules under the BSA requiring financial institutions to identify the beneficial owners who own or control certain legal entity customers at the time an account is opened and to update their AML compliance programs to include risk-based procedures for conducting ongoing customer due diligence. We have implemented procedures designed to comply with these requirements. In January 2021, the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 ("AMLA"), which amends the BSA, was enacted as part of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021. Among other things, the AMLA codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the development of standards for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; and expands enforcement and investigation-related authority, including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations and instituting BSA whistleblower incentives and protections. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank currently has policies and procedures in place designed to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act and the AMLA, the BSA and the other regulations targeting terrorism and money laundering. Federal banking regulators are required, when reviewing bank holding company acquisition and bank merger applications, to consider the effectiveness of the AML activities of the applicants. Material deficiencies in AML compliance, and non-compliance with related requirements such as the U.S. economic and trade sanctions regimes, can result in public enforcement actions by the bank regulatory agencies and other government agencies, including the imposition of civil money penalties and supervisory restrictions on growth and expansion. Such enforcement actions could also have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences for Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. 

18 

The Office of Foreign Assets Control 
 
 The Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), which is an office in the U.S. Department of the Treasury, is responsible for helping to ensure that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with enemies of the United States, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. OFAC publishes lists of names of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts; owned or controlled by, or acting on behalf of target countries, and narcotics traffickers. If a bank finds a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, it must freeze or block the transactions on the account. Pinnacle Bank has appointed a compliance officer to oversee the inspection of its accounts and the filing of any notifications. Pinnacle Bank actively checks high risk OFAC areas such as new accounts, wire transfers and customer files. These checks are performed using software that is updated each time a modification is made to the lists provided by OFAC and other agencies of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act 
 
 New regulations and statutes are regularly proposed that contain wide-ranging proposals for altering the structures, regulations and competitive relationships of the nation's financial institutions. In 2010, the U.S. Congress passed the Dodd-Frank Act, which includes significant consumer protection provisions related to, among other things, residential mortgage loans that have increased, and are likely to further increase, our regulatory compliance costs. The Dodd-Frank Act also imposes other restrictions on our operations, including restrictions on the types of investments that bank holding companies and banks can make. Failure to comply with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act would negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition and could limit our growth or expansion activities. While we cannot predict what effect any presently contemplated or future changes in the laws or regulations or their interpretations would have on us, such changes could be materially adverse to our investors. 
 
 Interchange Fees . The Dodd-Frank Act included provisions (known as the "Durbin Amendment") which restrict interchange fees to those which are "reasonable and proportionate" for certain debit card issuers and limits the ability of networks and issuers to restrict debit card transaction routing. The Federal Reserve issued final rules implementing the Durbin Amendment on June 29, 2011. In the final rules, interchange fees for debit card transactions were capped at 0.21 plus five basis points (plus 0.01 for fraud loss) in order to be eligible for a safe harbor such that the fee is conclusively determined to be reasonable and proportionate. The interchange fee restrictions contained in the Durbin Amendment, and the rules promulgated thereunder, only apply to debit card issuers with 10 billion or more in total consolidated assets, like Pinnacle Bank. The implications of the Durbin Amendment first became applicable to us on July 1, 2017. 
 
 The Volcker Rul e Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act and its implementing regulations, commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule, prohibit banking entities from engaging in proprietary trading, and prohibits certain interests in, or relationships with, hedge funds or private equity funds. The Volcker Rule applies to Pinnacle Financial, Pinnacle Bank and their affiliates. 
 
 In October 2019, the federal banking agencies responsible for implementing the Volcker Rule finalized amendments to their regulations to tailor the Volcker Rule s compliance requirements to the size and scope of a banking entity s trading activities, clarify certain key provisions in the Volcker Rule and modify the information that companies are required to provide these agencies. In June 2020, these agencies finalized additional modifications to their regulations expanding the ability of banking entities to make investments in certain types of private equity funds. These amendments became effective on October 1, 2020. 
 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . The Dodd-Frank Act also created the CFPB, which took over responsibility for enforcing the principal federal consumer protection laws, such as the Truth in Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and the Truth in Saving Act, among others, on July 21, 2011. We are subject to oversight by the CFPB. 

19 

The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer financial laws that apply to all banks including, among other things, the authority to prohibit "unfair, deceptive, or abusive" acts and practices. Abusive acts or practices are defined as those that (1) materially interfere with a consumer's ability to understand a term or condition of a consumer financial product or service, or (2) take unreasonable advantage of a consumer's (a) lack of financial savvy, (b) inability to protect himself in the selection or use of consumer financial products or services, or (c) reasonable reliance on a covered entity to act in the consumer's interests. The CFPB has the authority to investigate possible violations of federal consumer financial law, hold hearings and commence civil litigation. The CFPB can issue cease-and-desist orders against banks and other entities that violate consumer financial laws. The CFPB may also institute a civil action against an entity in violation of federal consumer financial law in order to impose a civil penalty or an injunction. The CFPB has been active in bringing enforcement actions related to consumer financial protection laws and obtaining the forms of relief described above, and we expect the CFPB s oversight and enforcement to continue to increase over the next few years, as was the case in 2022 when the CFPB, among other initiatives, focused on deposit and other service charge fee practices of banks causing many banks, including Pinnacle Bank, to lower or in certain cases eliminate certain fees it charges customers who overdraw their accounts or have checks or other items presented when the customer s account does not have sufficient funds to cover those checks or other items. 
 
 The rules issued by the CFPB will have a long-term impact on our business, including our mortgage loan origination and servicing activities and our service charge practices. Compliance with these rules has increased, and will continue to increase, our overall regulatory compliance costs. On July 1, 2017, the CFPB took over conducting on-site consumer examinations from the FDIC for all regulations that transferred under their supervision. 
 
 Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act . On May 24, 2018, President Trump signed into law the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the Growth Act ). The Growth Act alters some of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Certain of these provisions, to which we became subject once our total assets exceeded 10 billion, are set out below, along with the changes made to such provisions under the Growth Act. 
 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, publicly traded bank holding companies with 10 billion or more in total assets like Pinnacle Financial were required to establish a risk committee responsible for oversight of enterprise-wide risk management practices. Pinnacle Financial established a risk committee on February 7, 2017. The Growth Act raised the minimum asset threshold triggering the requirement to establish a risk committee from 10 billion to 50 billion. As a result, Pinnacle Financial is no longer required to maintain its standalone risk committee though it has done so and expects it will continue to do so. 
 
 Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, any banking organization, including whether a bank holding company or a depository institution, with more than 10 billion in total consolidated assets and regulated by a federal financial regulatory agency was required to conduct annual company-run stress tests to ensure it had sufficient capital during periods of economic downturn. Pinnacle Financial s and Pinnacle Bank s first stress tests were due in July 2018. The Growth Act raised the asset threshold at which companies are required to conduct the stress tests from 10 billion to 250 billion. While we are no longer required to annually conduct stress tests under the Dodd-Frank Act, we have continued to perform, and expect to continue to perform, stress tests from time to time in connection with our capital planning process and to monitor our capital consistent with the safety and soundness expectations of the federal regulators. 
 
 While the Economic Growth Act provides some regulatory relief for mid-sized bank holding companies like us, most provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and its implementing regulations remain in place and will continue to result in additional operating and compliance costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Securities Registration and Listing 
 
 Pinnacle Financial s securities are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. As such, Pinnacle Financial is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading, corporate governance, and other requirements and restrictions of the Exchange Act, as well as the Marketplace Rules and other requirements promulgated by the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC. 
 
 As a public company, Pinnacle Financial is also subject to the accounting oversight and corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including, among other things, required executive certification of financial presentations, increased requirements for board audit committees and their members, and enhanced requirements relating to disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. 

20 

Insurance Agencies 
 
 Each of Miller Loughry Beach, HPB Insurance Group and AdvoCap Insurance Agency is subject to licensing requirements and extensive regulation under the laws of the various states in which it conducts its insurance agency business. These laws and regulations are primarily for the protection of policyholders. In all jurisdictions, the applicable laws and regulations are subject to amendment or interpretation by regulatory authorities. Generally, those authorities are vested with relatively broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals and to implement regulations. Licenses may be denied or revoked for various reasons, including for regulatory violations or upon conviction for certain crimes. Possible sanctions that may be imposed for violation of regulations include the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business for a specified period of time, revocation of licenses, censures and fines. 
 
 Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies 
 
 Our earnings are affected by domestic economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government and its agencies. The Federal Reserve's monetary policies have had, and are likely to continue to have, an important impact on the operating results of commercial banks through the Federal Reserve's statutory power to implement national monetary policy in order, among other things, to curb inflation or combat a recession. The Federal Reserve, through its monetary and fiscal policies, affects the levels of bank loans, investments and deposits through its control over the issuance of United States government securities, its regulation of the discount rate applicable to member banks and its influence over reserve requirements to which member banks are subject. We cannot predict the nature or impact of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies. 
 
 Proposed Legislation and Regulatory Action 
 
 New regulations and statutes are regularly proposed that contain wide-ranging provisions for altering the structures, regulations and competitive relationships of the nation s financial institutions. We cannot predict whether or in what form any proposed regulation or statute will be adopted or the extent to which our business may be affected by any new regulation or statute or change in applicable rules or regulations. Even if modifications are enacted to existing or proposed regulations, including raising certain assets thresholds above those currently in place, we may continue to face enhanced scrutiny from our regulators who may expect us to continue to comply with the current, more stringent requirements as part of their safety and soundness and compliance examinations and general oversight of our operations. 
 
 Both Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank as well as many of their subsidiaries and entities in which they have made investments are subject to extensive state and federal banking and other laws and regulations that impose restrictions on and provide for general regulatory oversight of Pinnacle Financial's and Pinnacle Bank's and these subsidiaries operations. These laws and regulations are generally intended to protect depositors and borrowers, not shareholders. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves various risks which are particular to our company, our industry and our market areas. If any of the following risks were to occur, we may not be able to conduct our business as currently planned and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and negatively impacted. These matters could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline in future periods. 
 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks related to: 
 
 Interest Rate Risks 
 
 Our net interest margin, and consequently our net earnings, are significantly affected by interest rate levels and movements in short-term interest rates as well as competitive pressures we face. 
 The performance of our investment securities portfolio is subject to fluctuation due to changes in interest rates and market conditions, including credit deterioration of the issuers of individual securities. 
 The elimination of, and transition away from, LIBOR as a reference rate for financial contracts may negatively affect our income and expense and the value of various financial contracts. 

21 

Credit and Lending Risks 
 
 We have a concentration of credit exposure to borrowers in certain industries, and we also target small to medium-sized businesses that may be less able to weather challenging economic circumstances. 
 Our ability to grow our loan portfolio may be limited by, among other things, economic conditions, competition within our market areas, and our ability to hire and retain experienced bankers. 
 Changes in accounting standards may change the way we calculate our Allowance for Credit Losses. 
 If our Allowance for Credit Losses is not sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan or securities portfolios, our results of operations and financial condition will be negatively impacted. 
 Our accounting estimates and risk management processes rely on analytical and forecasting models. 
 Environmental liability associated with commercial lending could result in losses. 
 We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers. 
 We may be subject to claims and litigation asserting lender liability. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Risks 
 
 Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund our operations and jeopardize our financial condition. 
 Excess levels of liquidity could negatively impact our earnings. 
 Our ability to maintain required capital levels and adequate sources of funding and liquidity could be impacted by changes in the capital markets and deteriorating economic and market conditions. 
 
 Operational and Market Risks 
 
 Negative developments in the U.S. and local economies in our primary markets may adversely impact our results in the future. 
 Our operations are principally geographically concentrated in certain markets in the southeastern United States, and changes in local economic conditions could impact our profitability. 
 Our business may suffer if there are significant declines in the value of real estate. 
 BHG s results of operations have become a larger portion of our results of operations, and challenges in BHG s business that negatively affect its results would now more significantly impact our results. 
 The fair values of our investments in private companies and venture capital funds are likely to fluctuate and the value that we ultimately realize on those investments may vary materially. 
 A decline in our stock price or expected future cash flows, or a material adverse change in our results of operations or prospects, could result in impairment of our goodwill. 
 Our selection of accounting policies and methods may affect our reported financial results. 
 We currently invest in bank owned life insurance and may continue to do so in the future. 
 An ineffective risk management framework could have a material adverse effect on our strategic planning and our ability to mitigate risks and/or losses and could have adverse regulatory consequences. 
 We are dependent on our IT and telecommunications systems and third-party servicers, and systems failures, interruptions or breaches of security could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 Our business reputation and relationships are important and any damage to them could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We face substantial competition and are subject to certain regulatory constraints not applicable to some of our competitors, which may decrease our growth or profits. 
 Our operations, business and customers could be materially adversely affected by the impacts related to climate change. 
 The implementation of other new lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risk. 
 Inability to retain senior management and key employees or to attract new experienced financial services professionals could adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to regulatory oversight and certain litigation, and our expenses related to this oversight and litigation may adversely affect our results. 
 Our business is dependent on technology, and an inability to invest in technological improvements may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The soundness of other financial institutions, including those with whom we have engaged in transactions, could adversely affect us. 
 We may be subject to claims and litigation pertaining to fiduciary responsibility. 
 Natural disasters and the affects of a changing climate may adversely affect us and our customers. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. 
 
 Risks Related to Acquisition Activity 
 
 Our acquisitions and future expansion may result in additional risks. 
 We may face risks with respect to future acquisitions. 
 22 

Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 
 National or state legislation or regulation may increase our expenses and reduce earnings. 
 We are subject to various statutes and regulations that may impose additional costs or limit our ability to take certain actions. 
 We must maintain adequate regulatory capital to support our business objectives. 
 Pinnacle Financial is required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for Pinnacle Bank in times of stress. 
 Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions against us or restrict our ability to make acquisitions. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Securities 
 
 The price of our capital stock may be volatile or may decline. 
 Our ability to declare and pay dividends is limited. 
 We may issue additional common stock or other equity securities in the future which could dilute the ownership interest of existing shareholders. 
 The Series B Preferred Stock constitutes an equity security and ranks junior to all of our and our subsidiaries existing 
 indebtedness and will rank junior to our and our subsidiaries future indebtedness. 
 The Series B Preferred Stock and the depositary shares representing the Series B Preferred Stock effectively rank junior to any existing and all future liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
 Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are non-cumulative and discretionary. 
 The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock (and underlying depositary shares) have limited voting rights. 
 Holders of Pinnacle Financial s junior subordinated debentures have rights that are senior to those of Pinnacle Financial s shareholders. 
 Pinnacle Financial has issued subordinated indebtedness the holders of which have rights that are senior to those of Pinnacle Financial s shareholders. 
 We and/or the holders of certain types of our securities could be adversely affected by unfavorable ratings from rating agencies. 
 Our common stock and the depositary shares underlying our Series B Preferred Stock have less liquidity than many other stocks quoted on a national securities exchange. 
 Our corporate organizational documents and the provisions of Tennessee law to which we are subject contain certain provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect. 
 An investment in our common stock or depositary shares is not an insured deposit and is not guaranteed by the FDIC. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Interest Rate Risks 
 
 Our net interest margin, and consequently our net earnings, are significantly affected by interest rate levels. 
 
 Our profitability is dependent to a large extent on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income earned on loans and investment securities and other interest-earning assets and interest expense paid on deposits, other borrowings, subordinated debentures and subordinated notes. The absolute level of interest rates as well as changes in interest rates or that affect the yield curve may affect our level of interest income, the largest component of our gross revenue, as well as the level of our interest expense. Interest rate fluctuations are caused by many factors which, for the most part, are not under our control. For example, national monetary policy plays a significant role in the determination of interest rates as is currently the case. Additionally, competition, including competitor pricing, and the resulting negotiations that occur with our customers also impact the rates we collect on loans and the rates we pay on deposits as does our liquidity position and then-current loan demand and our orientation toward loan growth. In addition, changes in the method of determining or the elimination of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) or other reference rates, or uncertainty related to such potential changes, may adversely affect the value of reference rate-linked debt securities that we hold or issue, which could further impact our interest rate spread. 
 
 Changes in the level of interest rates also may negatively affect our ability to originate loans, the value of our assets (as is currently the case with our investment securities portfolio) and our ability to realize gains from the sale of our assets, all of which could ultimately affect our results of operations and financial condition. A decline in the market value of our assets may limit our ability to borrow additional funds or otherwise create issues for us should our liquidity levels decline. As a result, we could be required to sell some of our loans and investments under adverse market conditions, upon terms that are not favorable to us, in order to maintain our liquidity. If those sales are made at prices lower than the amortized costs of the investments, which is the case with a portion of our investment securities portfolio at this time, we will incur losses. 

23 

Following changes in the general level of interest rates, our ability to maintain a positive net interest spread is dependent on our ability to increase (in a rising rate environment) or maintain or minimize the decline in (in a falling rate environment) our loan offering rates, minimize increases on our deposit rates in a rising rate environment or promptly reduce the rates we pay on deposits in a falling rate environment, and maintain an acceptable level and mix of funding. Although at times we have implemented strategies we believe will reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on our net interest income, these strategies may not always be successful, and, in the case of certain hedging strategies (including the hedging strategy we entered into in the fourth quarter of 2022), could materially and adversely impact our results of operations if short term interest rates move in a direction that is different than the direction we anticipated at the time we initiated the strategy. Accordingly, changes in levels of market interest rates could materially and adversely affect our net income, net interest income and our net interest margin, asset quality, loan origination volume, liquidity, and overall profitability. We cannot assure you that we can minimize our interest rate risk. 
 
 As interest rates change, we expect that we will periodically experience gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities, meaning that either our interest-bearing liabilities (usually deposits and borrowings) will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-earning assets (usually loans and investment securities), or vice versa. In either event, if market interest rates should move contrary to our position, this gap may work against us, and our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively affected. Short-term interest rates rose significantly in 2022 and are expected to continue to rise during at least the first half of 2023. In a rising rate environment our ability to increase the rates we charge on loans faster than the rates we pay on deposits will be critical to maintaining or expanding our net interest margin. During the rising rate environment in 2022 (most notably in the fourth quarter of 2022), the rates we paid on our deposits increased at a faster rate than the rates we earned on loans, which had an increasingly negative impact on our net interest margin over the year. This negative impact was particularly acute in the fourth quarter of 2022. In addition, many of our variable rate loans have loan floors that limited our ability to capture the full benefit of initial increases in short-term rates, though all of these floors have been exceeded at this point. 
 
 There exists at this time much uncertainty in the interest rate futures markets due to the currently high level of inflation present in the economy, the pace of the rate tightening cycle being led by the Federal Reserve Open Market Committee and what risks these present for a recession to occur in the near-term. While short-term interest rates are expected to continue to rise at least through the first half of 2023, we believe that these rates may begin to fall during the second half of 2023. Were that to happen, our ability to lower the rates we pay on deposits will be critical to our ability to maintain or slow any potential decline in our net interest margin, as we anticipate that loan pricing in a falling rate environment would be competitive and existing loans that we have made may be refinanced at lower interest rates, particularly in the case of fixed rate loans with no prepayment penalties. 
 
 We attempt to manage our risk from changes in market interest rates by adjusting the rates, maturity, repricing characteristics, and balances of the different types of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and by utilizing hedging strategies to reduce the impact of changes in rates. Interest rate risk management techniques are not exact. From time to time we have repositioned a portion of our investment securities portfolio in an effort to better position our balance sheet for potential changes in short-term rates. We employ the use of models and modeling techniques to quantify the levels of risks to net interest income, which inherently involve the use of assumptions, judgments, and estimates. While we strive to ensure the accuracy of our modeled interest rate risk profile, there are inherent limitations and imprecision in this determination and actual results may differ. 
 
 At times, we have entered into certain hedging transactions including interest rate swaps and interest rate floors, which are designed to lessen elements of our interest rate exposure. In addition, from time to time we have utilized fixed-to-floating rate cash flow hedges to manage interest rate exposure for our wholesale borrowings portfolio. This hedging strategy converted the LIBOR-based variable interest rate on forecasted borrowings to a fixed interest rate and was used in an effort to protect us from floating interest rate variability in a rising rate environment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased interest rate caps and floors totaling approximately 1.8 billion that we intended to mitigate the impact of interest rate changes on certain LIBOR and SOFR-based variable rate loans. In the event that interest rates do not change in the manner that we anticipate at the times we institute our hedging strategies or at the pace that we anticipated (including the hedging strategies we entered into during the year ended December 31, 2022), such transactions may materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Hedging creates certain risks for us, including the risk that the other party to the hedge transaction will fail to perform (counterparty risk, which is a type of credit risk), and the risk that the hedge will not fully protect us from loss as intended (hedge failure risk). Unexpected counterparty failure or hedge failure could have a significant adverse effect on our liquidity and earnings. 
 
 The performance of our investment securities portfolio is subject to fluctuation due to changes in interest rates and market conditions, including credit deterioration of the issuers of individual securities. 
 
 Changes in interest rates can negatively affect the performance of most of our investment securities. Interest rate volatility can reduce unrealized gains or increase unrealized losses in our portfolio, as was the case in 2022 with the rising rate environment. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors including monetary policies, domestic and international economic, social and political conditions and issues, including trade disputes and global health pandemics, and other factors beyond our control. Fluctuations in interest rates can materially affect both the returns on and market value of our investment securities. Additionally, actual investment income and cash flows from investment securities that carry prepayment risk, such as mortgage-backed securities and callable securities, may 
 24 

materially differ from those anticipated at the time of investment or subsequently as a result of changes in interest rates and market conditions. 
 
 Our investment securities portfolio consists of certain securities whose trading markets are not active. As a result, we utilize alternative methodologies for pricing these securities that include various estimates and assumptions. There can be no assurance that we can sell these investment securities at the price derived by these methodologies, or that we can sell these investment securities at all, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 We monitor the financial position of the various issuers of investment securities in our portfolio, including each of the state and local governments and other political subdivisions where we have exposure. To the extent we have securities in our portfolio from issuers who have experienced a deterioration of financial condition, or who may experience future deterioration of financial condition, the value of such securities may decline and could result in a write down through income, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 In addition, from time to time we may restructure portions of our investment securities portfolio as part of our asset liability management strategies or in response to liquidity needs, and we may incur losses, which may be material, in connection with any such restructuring. We currently have a significant amount of unrealized losses in our securities portfolio. These losses are largely the result of the rising interest rate environment we experienced in 2022 and are continuing to experience in 2023. If we were to sell any of these securities before their value recovers, including as a result of asset liability management strategies or in response to liquidity needs, we would be required to recognize these losses and the recognition of those losses could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, capital and financial condition. 
 
 The elimination of, and transition away from, LIBOR as a reference rate for financial contracts may negatively affect our income and expense and the value of various financial contracts. 
 
 On July 27, 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intended to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the LIBOR administrator after 2021. Beginning on January 1, 2022, one-week and 2-month LIBOR are no longer being published, though overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month LIBOR are expected to be published until June 30, 2023. 
 
 Given consumer protection, litigation, and reputation risks, the bank regulatory agencies have indicated that entering into new contracts that use LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021, would create safety and soundness risks and that they will examine bank practices accordingly. Therefore, the agencies encouraged banks to cease entering into new contracts that use LIBOR as a reference rate as soon as practicable and in any event by December 31, 2021. In light of this regulatory guidance,we implemented a transition plan to identify and modify our loans and other financial instruments, including certain indebtedness, with attributes that are either directly or indirectly influenced by LIBOR. We have begun negotiating loans using our preferred replacement index, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). For Pinnacle Financial's currently outstanding LIBOR-based loans, the timing and manner in which each customer's contract transitions to SOFR will vary on a case-by-case basis. Pinnacle Financial expects to complete all loan transitions by June 30, 2023, or, if later, the loan's next repricing date. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 15 of our total loan portfolio was indexed to 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and one-year LIBOR. Many of our loan agreements that are indexed to LIBOR include provisions that do not require us to default to any alternative index recommendations but instead allow us, in our sole discretion, to designate an alternative interest rate index in the event that LIBOR should become unavailable or unstable. While we believe these provisions within our loan agreements address the potential future unavailability of LIBOR, there can be no assurance that such provisions will be effective or that they, or our actions in this respect, will not be challenged by our borrowers. 
 
 The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no or ineffective fallbacks, and in December 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted related implementing regulations. Although governmental authorities have endeavored to facilitate an orderly discontinuation of LIBOR, no assurance can be provided that this aim will be achieved or that the use, level, and volatility of LIBOR or other interest rates or the value of LIBOR-based securities will not be adversely affected. As a result, and despite the enactment of the LIBOR Act, for the most commonly used LIBOR settings, the use or selection of a successor rate could expose us to risks associated with disputes and litigation with our customers and counterparties and other market participants in connection with implementing LIBOR fallback provisions. 
 
 In addition to loans, certain of our investment securities, funding sources and derivative contracts are also priced to LIBOR, like the subordinated notes we have issued and our trust preferred securities. At this time, it appears that SOFR is emerging as the replacement rate for instruments of these types when LIBOR is discontinued. The governing documents for the subordinated notes we have issued have fallback language in them that call for the transition to SOFR for purposes of determining the interest rate we will pay with respect to these notes when LIBOR is discontinued, but the governing documents for our trust preferred securities do not include any 
 25 

language addressing what replacement rate will be utilized when LIBOR is no longer quoted. Under the LIBOR Act and related Federal Reserve regulation, if applicable, the interest rates on these trust preferred securities will transition from three-month LIBOR to three-month term SOFR plus a tenor spread adjustment outlined in the Federal Reserve s regulations plus the applicable spread that currently applies to these securities. The alternative rate may not be indicative of the rate we would have paid had LIBOR not been discontinued. If the LIBOR transition Act and the related Federal Reserve regulations do not apply to our trust preferred securities a replacement rate will need to be established and, the uncertainty around the calculation methodology by which interest is calculated could adversely affect the value of and return on these securities. 
 
 Credit and Lending Risks 
 
 We have a concentration of credit exposure to borrowers in certain industries, and we also target small to medium-sized businesses. 
 
 We have meaningful credit exposures to borrowers in certain businesses, including commercial and residential building lessors, new home builders and music publishers. Certain industries, particularly hotel and motel operators, experienced adversity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and, as a result, an increased level of borrowers in these industries were unable to perform under the original terms of their loan agreements with us during the pandemic, which negatively impacted our results of operations in 2020 and 2021. Economic conditions remained volatile throughout 2022, and the economic environment in our markets further weakens, including as a result of persistent high inflation, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, our exposure to these industries or other concentrations could result in increased deterioration in credit quality, past dues, loan charge offs and collateral value declines, which could cause our results of operations and financial condition to be negatively impacted. Furthermore, any of our large credit exposures that deteriorate unexpectedly could cause us to have to make significant additional credit loss provisions, negatively impacting our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 A substantial focus of our marketing and business strategy is to serve small to medium-sized businesses in our market areas. As a result, a relatively high percentage of our loan portfolio consists of commercial loans primarily to small to medium-sized businesses. At December 31, 2022, our commercial and industrial loans accounted for approximately 35.3 of our total loans. Additionally, approximately 35.4 of our commercial real-estate loans at December 31, 2022 are owner-occupied commercial real estate loans, which are loans to businesses secured by the businesses real estate. We expect to seek to expand the amount of these two types of loans in our portfolio during 2023. Small to medium-sized businesses frequently have smaller market shares than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, or other operational challenges like those resulting from supply chain disruption, labor shortages or inflationary pressures on their costs, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete and may experience substantial volatility in operating results, any of which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan. In addition, the success of a small or medium-sized business often depends on the management skills, talents and efforts of one or two people or a small group of people, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these people could have an adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay its obligations to us. If general economic conditions negatively impact the markets in which we operate and small to medium-sized businesses are adversely affected or our borrowers are otherwise harmed by adverse business developments, the ability of such businesses to repay their loans may deteriorate, and in some cases this deterioration may occur quickly, which would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Real estate construction and development loans are also an important part of our business. This type of lending is generally considered to have relatively high credit risks because the principal is concentrated in a limited number of loans with repayment dependent on the successful completion and operation of the related real estate project. Real estate industry pricing dynamics in the geographical markets in which we operate can vary from year to year, and with respect to construction, can vary between project funding and project completion. Asset values to which we underwrite loans can fluctuate from year to year and impact collateral values and the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. Like regulatory guidelines on commercial real estate loans, federal regulators have issued guidance that imposes additional restrictions on banks with construction and development loans in excess of 100 of total risk-based capital. If our level of these loans was to exceed these guidelines, our ability to make additional loans in this segment would be limited. 
 
 Weakness in residential real estate market prices as well as demand could result in price reductions in home and land values adversely affecting the value of collateral securing some of the construction and development loans that we hold. Reduced demand for new residential mortgage loans, whether the result of higher mortgage interest rates, inflationary pressures on building costs or other factors, could also cause reduced demand for mortgage loans, which would reduce our net interest income and noninterest income levels. If economic and real estate market conditions deteriorate in our markets, we may experience increases in non-performing loans and other real estate owned, increased losses and expenses from the management and disposition of non-performing assets, increases in provision for credit losses, and increases in operating expenses as a result of the allocation of management time and resources to the collection and work out of loans, all of which would negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

26 

We make loans to portfolio companies of private equity firms and other loans that qualify as highly leveraged transactions. In certain instances, including during challenging economic environments, these loans may deteriorate and that deterioration may occur quickly. If the private equity sponsor is unwilling or unable to provide necessary support we may suffer losses on these loans that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to grow our loan portfolio may be limited by, among other things, economic conditions, competition within our market areas, the timing of loan repayments, our ability to grow our core deposits, our ability to hire experienced bankers and seasonality. 
 
 Our ability to improve our results of operations is dependent upon, among other things, growing our loan portfolio and increasing net interest income. While we believe that our strategy to grow our loan portfolio is sound and our growth targets are achievable over an extended period of time, competition within our market areas is significant and as a result of that competition, as well as a worsening in general economic conditions, we may experience periods when our loan growth is muted or we could experience declines in our loan portfolio. We compete with both large regional and national financial institutions, who are sometimes able to offer more attractive interest rates and other financial terms than we choose to offer, and smaller community-based financial institutions who seek to offer a similar level of service to that which we offer. This competition can make loan growth challenging, particularly if we are unwilling to price loans at levels that would cause unacceptable levels of compression of our net interest margin or if we are unwilling to structure a loan in a manner that we believe results in a level of risk to us that we are not willing to accept. 
 
 Our ability to grow our loan portfolio is also dependent on our ability to fund loan growth. We primarily seek to fund our loan growth through stable, core deposits, but at times our ability to attract core deposits in amounts sufficient to fund our loan growth has been limited by competitive pressures in our markets, general economic conditions, and our business model that focuses principally on serving small to medium-sized businesses and their owners rather than a broad retail distribution strategy. As a result, at times our funding sources have consisted of greater amounts of non-core funding. Increased reliance on these non-core funding sources can negatively impact our net interest margin and our net interest income if the rates we pay on these non-core funding sources exceed the rates we would pay on core funding sources. 
 
 Larger banks, with a more developed retail footprint, and non-banks, who are able to operate with greater flexibility and lower cost structures due to less regulatory oversight, are better able to attract lower-cost retail deposits than we can, which at times causes us to utilize a larger percentage of noncore funding to fund our loan growth. Though we grew our core deposits meaningfully during the COVID-19 pandemic, as consumer spending subsequently increased and has remained elevated and as the level of M2 in the economy begins to shrink and competition from others for our customers to place their money (including U.S. treasuries) increases, our levels of core funding may decline. If we are unable to retain or attract core deposits at sufficient levels to fund our loan growth and our percentage of noncore funding rises to levels that approach our policy limits, we may need to modify our growth plans, liquidate certain assets, participate loans to correspondents or execute other actions to allow for us to return to an acceptable level of noncore funding within a reasonable amount of time, any one of which actions could adversely affect our results of operations, particularly during periods of time when our net interest margin is experiencing compression. Moreover, loan growth throughout the year can fluctuate due in part to seasonality of the businesses of our borrowers and potential borrowers and the timing on loan repayments, particularly those of our borrowers with significant relationships with us, resulting from, among other things, excess levels of liquidity. 
 
 Much of our organic loan growth that we have experienced in recent years (and a key part of our loan growth strategy in 2023 and beyond) was the result not of strong loan demand but rather of our ability to attract experienced financial services professionals who have been able to attract customers from other financial institutions. Inability to retain these key personnel (including key personnel of the businesses we have acquired) or to continue to attract experienced lenders with established books of business (including, in either case, as a result of competitive compensation and other hiring and retention pressures), at all or at the pace we have anticipated, could negatively impact our growth because of the loss of these individuals skills and customer relationships and/or the potential difficulty of promptly replacing them. Moreover, if these advisors we hire are unable to cause their customers to move their relationships to us in the time periods that we are targeting (including as a result of the current elevated interest rate environment we are experiencing) or at all, or if we are unable to retain such business, our loan growth may be negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In our efforts to continue to grow our loan portfolio, we have expanded the types of loans that we offer to certain specialty areas, like equipment financing and the financing of solar power generating projects, and these areas remain an important focus of our loan growth plans for 2023. Our ability to grow loans in these areas will be dependent on our ability to attract bankers with experience in these areas and those bankers ability to win new deals and projects in these spaces. It will also be important for us to adequately underwrite lending opportunities in these new specialty areas and price these transactions at levels that appropriately compensate us for the risks that we assume in these transactions. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards may change the way we calculate our Allowance for Credit Losses. 
 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board and the SEC may change the financial accounting and reporting standards, or the interpretation of those standards, that govern the preparation of our external financial statements from time to time. The impact of 
 27 

these changes or the application thereof on our financial condition and operations can be difficult to predict. For example, the FASB adopted a new accounting standard that became effective for Pinnacle Bank beginning January 1, 2020. This standard, referred to as current expected credit loss, or CECL, requires financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on financial assets, including loans, and recognize the expected credit losses through provision for credit losses. CECL changed the current method of provisioning for loan losses, which required us to increase our allowance for credit losses in the first half of 2020, and is increasing the types and amounts of data we need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of our allowance for credit losses. In addition, the adoption of CECL may result in more volatility in the level of our allowance for credit losses. An increase, to the extent material, in our allowance for credit losses or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses could have a material adverse effect on our capital levels, financial condition and results of operations. A reduction in our capital levels could subject us to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the federal regulatory authorities and would negatively impact our ability to pursue acquisitions or other expansion opportunities if we are unable to satisfactorily raise additional capital. 
 
 If our Allowance for Credit Losses is not sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan or securities portfolios, our results of operations and financial condition will be negatively impacted. 
 
 We maintain allowances for credit losses on loans, securities and off-balance sheet credit exposures. If loan customers with significant loan balances individually or in the aggregate fail to repay their loans, our results of operations, financial condition and capital levels will suffer. We make various assumptions and judgments about the expected losses in our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of any collateral securing the loans. Utilizing objective and subjective factors, we maintain an allowance for credit losses, established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense, to cover our estimate of the current expected credit losses in our loan and securities portfolios. In determining the size of this allowance, we utilize estimates based on analyses of volume and types of loans, internal loan classifications, trends in classifications, volume and trends in delinquencies, nonaccruals and charge-offs, loss experience of various loan categories, national and local economic conditions, including unemployment statistics, industry and peer bank loan quality indications, and other pertinent factors and information. Actual losses are difficult to forecast, especially if those losses stem from factors beyond our historical experience or are otherwise inconsistent with our credit quality assessments. If our assumptions are inaccurate, our current allowance may not be sufficient to cover potential credit losses, and additional provisions may be necessary which would negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, federal and state regulators periodically review our loan portfolio and may require us to increase our allowance for credit losses or recognize loan charge-offs. Their conclusions about the quality of a particular borrower or our entire loan portfolio may be different than ours. Any increase in our allowance for credit losses or loan charge offs as required by these regulatory agencies could have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic and real estate market conditions and forecasted conditions, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans, accounting rule changes (like those that contributed to increases levels of provision expense in 2020 as a result of our adopting CECL) and other factors, both within and outside of our management s control. These additions may require increased provision expense which would negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our accounting estimates and risk management processes rely on analytical and forecasting models and tools. 
 
 The processes we use to estimate expected credit losses, calculate our allowance for credit losses and measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other measures of our financial condition and results of operations, depend upon the use of analytical and forecasting models and tools. These models and tools reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Even if these assumptions are accurate, the models and tools may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation. Any such failure in our analytical or forecasting models and tools could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Environmental liability associated with commercial lending could result in losses. 
 
 In the course of business, Pinnacle Bank may acquire, through foreclosure, or deed in lieu of foreclosure, properties securing loans it has originated or purchased which are in default. Particularly in commercial real estate lending, there is a risk that hazardous substances could be discovered on these properties. In this event, Pinnacle Financial, or Pinnacle Bank, might be required to remove these substances from the affected properties at our sole cost and expense. The cost of this removal could substantially exceed the value of affected properties. We may not have adequate remedies against the prior owner or other responsible parties and could find it difficult or impossible to sell the affected properties. These events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We have acquired a number of retail banking facilities and other real properties, any of which may contain hazardous or toxic substances. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s 
 28 

value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. 
 
 We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers. 
 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into certain transactions, we rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers, including financial statements, credit reports, tax returns and other financial information. We may also rely on representations of those customers or other third parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading personal information, financial statements, credit reports, tax returns or other financial information, including information falsely provided as a result of identity theft, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to claims and litigation asserting lender liability. 
 
 From time to time, and particularly during periods of economic stress, customers, including real estate developers and consumer borrowers, may make claims or otherwise take legal action pertaining to performance of our responsibilities. These claims are often referred to as lender liability claims and are sometimes brought in an effort to produce or increase leverage against us in workout negotiations or debt collection proceedings. Lender liability claims frequently assert one or more of the following allegations: breach of fiduciary duties, fraud, economic duress, breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and similar claims. Whether customer claims and legal action related to the performance of our responsibilities are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a favorable manner, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect our market reputation, products and services, as well as potentially affecting customer demand for those products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Risks 
 
 Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund our operations and jeopardize our financial condition. 
 
 Liquidity represents an institution s ability to provide funds to satisfy demands from depositors, borrowers and other creditors by either converting assets into cash or accessing new or existing sources of incremental funds. Liquidity risk arises from the possibility that we may be unable to satisfy current or future funding requirements and needs. 
 
 The objective of managing liquidity risk is to ensure that our cash flow requirements resulting from depositor, borrower and other creditor demands as well as our operating cash needs, are met, and that our cost of funding such requirements and needs is reasonable. We maintain an asset/liability and interest rate risk policy and a liquidity and funds management policy, including a contingency funding plan that, among other things, include procedures for managing and monitoring liquidity risk. Generally we rely on deposits, repayments of loans and cash flows from our investment securities as our primary sources of funds. Our principal deposit sources include consumer, commercial and public funds customers in our markets. We have used these funds, together with wholesale deposit sources such as brokered deposits, along with Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati FHLB Cincinnati advances, federal funds purchased and other sources of short-term and long-term borrowings, including subordinated indebtedness, to make loans, acquire investment securities and other assets and to fund continuing operations. 
 
 An inability to maintain or raise funds in amounts necessary to meet our liquidity needs could have a substantial negative effect, individually or collectively, on Pinnacle Financial s and Pinnacle Bank s liquidity. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities, including our loan growth, or on terms attractive to us, could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry in general. For example, factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity due to a market downturn or adverse regulatory action against us, increased levels of indebtedness, a reduction in our published credit ratings, any damage to our reputation or any other decrease in depositor or investor confidence in our creditworthiness and business. Our access to liquidity could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a decrease in the money supply as a result of actions by the Federal Reserve, severe volatility or disruption of the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry as a whole. Any such event or failure to manage our liquidity effectively could affect our competitive position, increase our borrowing costs and the interest rates we pay on deposits, limit our access to the capital markets, require us to sell investment securities when they are in a loss position, cause our regulators to criticize our operations and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Deposit levels may be affected by a number of factors, including demands by customers, rates paid by competitors (particularly as it relates to brokered deposits and other noncore deposits), general interest rate levels, returns available to customers on alternative investments, government programs, general economic and market conditions and other factors. Loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds but are subject to the borrowers ability to repay loans, which can be adversely affected by a number of factors including changes in general economic conditions, adverse trends or events affecting business industry groups or specific businesses, declines in real estate values or markets, business closings or lay-offs, inclement weather, natural disasters, prolonged government 
 29 

shutdowns and other factors. Furthermore, loans generally are not readily convertible to cash. Accordingly, we may be required from time to time to rely on secondary sources of liquidity to meet growth in loans, deposit withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations. Such secondary sources include FHLB Cincinnati advances, brokered deposits, secured and unsecured federal funds lines of credit from correspondent banks, Federal Reserve borrowings and/or accessing the equity or debt capital markets. An increase in our reliance on noncore funding (particularly brokered time deposits) would increase our liquidity risk. 
 
 These noncore funding sources can be more rate sensitive than core deposits, and the availability of these noncore funding sources is subject to broad economic conditions, in some instances regulation, and to investor assessment of our financial strength and, as such, the cost of funds may fluctuate significantly and/or the availability of such funds may be restricted, thus impacting our net interest income, our immediate liquidity and/or our access to additional liquidity. We have somewhat similar risks to the extent high balance core deposits exceed the amount of deposit insurance coverage available. 
 
 In the event that our funding strategies call for the use of brokered deposits, there can be no assurance that such sources will be available, or will remain available, or that the cost of such funding sources will be reasonable, or that we will be able to offer competitive rates to retain these deposits upon their maturity (particularly in a down rate or low rate environment). Additionally, should we no longer be considered well-capitalized, our ability to access new brokered deposits or retain existing brokered deposits could be affected by market conditions, regulatory requirements or a combination thereof, which could result in most, if not all, brokered deposit sources being unavailable. The inability to utilize brokered deposits as a source of funding could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 We anticipate we will continue to rely primarily on deposits, loan repayments, and cash flows from our investment securities to provide liquidity. Additionally, where necessary, the secondary sources of borrowed funds and brokered deposits described above will be used to augment our primary funding sources. If we are unable to access any of these secondary funding sources when needed, or retain these funding sources upon maturity, we might be unable to meet our customers or creditors needs, which would adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 
 Our ability to maintain required capital levels and adequate sources of funding and liquidity could be impacted by changes in the capital markets and deteriorating economic and market conditions. 
 
 Federal and state bank regulators require Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank to maintain adequate levels of capital to support operations. At December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial s and Pinnacle Bank s regulatory capital ratios were at well-capitalized levels under regulatory guidelines. Growth in assets (either organically or as a result of acquisitions) at rates in excess of the rate at which our capital is increased through retained earnings, or significant losses, including as a result of selling investment securities that are in a loss position at the time of sale, will reduce our capital ratios unless we continue to increase capital. Failure by us to meet applicable capital guidelines or to satisfy certain other regulatory requirements could subject us to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the federal regulatory authorities and would negatively impact our ability to pursue acquisitions or other expansion opportunities. 
 
 We may need to raise additional capital (including through the issuance of common or preferred stock or additional Tier 2 capital instruments) in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources (or replace expiring capital instruments) and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs or in connection with our growth or as a result of deterioration in our asset quality. Our ability to maintain capital levels, sources of funding and liquidity could be impacted by negative perceptions of our business or prospects, changes in the capital markets and deteriorating economic and market conditions. Pinnacle Bank is required to obtain regulatory approval in order to pay dividends to Pinnacle Financial unless the amount of such dividends does not exceed its net income for that calendar year plus retained net income for the preceding two years. Any restriction on the ability of Pinnacle Bank to pay dividends to Pinnacle Financial could impact Pinnacle Financial s ability to continue to pay dividends on its capital stock or its ability to pay interest on its indebtedness. 
 
 Unexpected changes in requirements for capital resulting from regulatory actions could require us to raise capital at a time, and at a price, that might be unfavorable, or could require that we forego continuing growth or reduce our current loan portfolio. We cannot assure you that access to capital will be available to us in needed amounts or on acceptable terms or at all. Any occurrence that may limit our access to the capital markets may materially and adversely affect our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and/or debt and, in turn, our liquidity. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our ability to expand through internal growth or acquisitions or to continue operations could be impaired. Factors that could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital or necessary funding include conditions in the capital markets, our financial performance, our credit ratings, regulatory actions and general economic conditions. Increases in our cost of capital, including dilution and increased interest or dividend requirements, could have a direct adverse impact on our operating performance and our ability to achieve our growth objectives. 
 
 Operational and Market Risks 
 
 Negative developments in the U.S. and local economies in our primary markets may adversely impact our results in the future. 
 
 Our financial performance is highly dependent on the business environment in the markets where we operate and in the U.S. as a 
 30 

whole. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity, investor or business confidence, consumer sentiment, limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital, increases in inflation or interest rates, natural disasters, international trade disputes and retaliatory tariffs, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, terrorist attacks, global pandemics, acts of war, or a combination of these or other factors. Economic conditions in certain industries in the markets in which we operate deteriorated rapidly in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. These challenges manifested themselves primarily within the hotel, restaurant, retail, commercial real estate and entertainment industries and contributed to increased levels of provisions for credit losses. In addition, inflation rose sharply at the end of 2021 and continued at heightened levels throughout 2022, and is currently expected to remain elevated in 2023. A worsening of business and economic conditions, or persistent inflationary pressures, and actions taken by the Federal Reserve in response thereto, or supply chain disruptions or labor shortages, generally or specifically in the principal markets in which we conduct business could have adverse effects, including the following: 
 
 a decrease in deposit balances or the demand for loans and other products and services we offer; 
 an increase in the number of borrowers who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or other obligations to us, which could lead to higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and provisions for credit losses; 
 a decrease in the value of loans and other assets secured by real estate; 
 a decrease in net interest income from our lending and deposit gathering activities; and 
 an increase in competition resulting from financial services companies. 
 
 Although economic conditions have improved in most of our markets when compared to the first and second quarters of 2020 and we have returned our focus to growing earning assets, we and our customers began to experience an uncertain and volatile economic environment during 2022, and believe that it is possible we and our customers will continue to experience it in 2023, including as a result of issues of national security, health crises around the world, inflation, labor shortages and supply chain disruptions. There can be no assurance that these conditions will improve in the near term or that conditions will not worsen. Such conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, over the last several years, the federal government has shut down periodically, in some cases for prolonged periods. It is possible that the federal government may shut down again in the future, particularly in light of the evenly divided United States Congress. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact business and economic conditions generally or specifically in our principal markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our operations are principally geographically concentrated in certain markets in the southeastern United States, and changes in local economic conditions could impact our profitability. 
 
 A significant percentage of our borrowers are situated in various MSAs in Tennessee, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia in which we operate. In December 2019, we expanded our operations into Georgia, in 2021 into Alabama and the Washington, D.C. area, and recently we have expanded into Kentucky. Our success significantly depends upon the growth in population, income levels, deposits, employment levels and housing starts in our markets, along with the continued attraction of business ventures to these areas, and our profitability is impacted by the changes in general economic conditions in these markets and other markets in which collateral securing our loans is located. We cannot assure you that economic conditions, including loan demand, in these markets will not remain challenged during 2023 or thereafter, and as a result, we may not be able to grow our loan portfolio in line with our expectations and the ability of our customers to repay their loans to us may be negatively impacted and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively and materially impacted. 
 
 Our business may suffer if there are significant declines in the value of real estate. 
 
 The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time, including as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. If the value of the real estate serving as collateral for our loan portfolio were to decline materially, a significant part of our loan portfolio could become under-collateralized. If the loans that are collateralized by real estate become troubled during a time when market conditions are declining or have declined, we may not be able to realize the value of the security anticipated when we originated the loan, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our allowance and provision for credit losses and our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 Most of our foreclosed assets are comprised of real estate properties. We carry these properties at their estimated fair values less estimated selling costs. While we believe the carrying values for such assets are reasonable and appropriately reflect current market conditions, there can be no assurance that the values of such assets will not further decline prior to sale or that the amount of proceeds realized upon disposition of foreclosed assets will approximate the carrying value of such assets. If the proceeds from any such dispositions are less than the carrying value of foreclosed assets, we will record a loss on the disposition of such assets, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 31 

Compared to national financial institutions, we are less able to spread the risks of unfavorable local economic conditions across a large number of diversified economies. Moreover, we cannot give any assurance that we will benefit from any market growth or return of more favorable economic conditions in our primary market areas if they do occur. 
 
 BHG s results of operations have become a larger portion of our results of operations, and challenges in BHG s business that negatively affect its results would now more significantly impact our results. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank holds a 49 interest in BHG. Our share of BHG s earnings make up a significant portion of our recurring noninterest income, and as a result, a meaningful portion of our net income. While we have a significant stake in BHG, are entitled to designate two members of BHG s five person board of managers and in some instances have protective rights to block BHG from engaging in certain activities, the other managers and members of BHG may make most decisions regarding BHG s and its subsidiaries operations without our consent or approval. This includes a decision to sell the company or the other owners interest in the company. Any sale of all or a portion of our interest in BHG would adversely affect our recurring noninterest income. In addition, any sale of all or a portion of the other members' interest in BHG, including in connection with a capital raising transaction, could affect our governance rights in BHG and adversely affect our recurring noninterest income. Moreover, there are certain limitations on our ability to sell our interest in BHG without first offering BHG and the other members a right of first refusal, other than transfers in connection with an acquisition of Pinnacle Bank. 
 
 A significant portion of BHG s revenue (and correspondingly our interest in any of BHG s net profits) comes from the sale of loans originated by BHG to community banks. BHG, and its subsidiaries, also retain loans that they originate on their balance sheet and earn interest income on those loans. This practice requires more external funding of BHG s business than the historical practice of routinely selling loans to other financial institutions and will likely increase BHG s funding costs and operating expenses. It also increases BHG s exposure to credit losses in its portfolio, which losses could materially and adversely impact BHG s results of operations and Pinnacle Bank s interest in BHG s net profits. BHG s decision whether to sell more loans through its auction platform or retain more loans on its balance sheet will impact BHG s earnings and as a result its contribution to our recurring noninterest income. The sale of loans though the auction platform generates a gain on the sale that results in the income from the transaction being recorded in the period when the sale is consummated. Conversely, when BHG decides to retain a loan on its balance sheet, the income from that loan is recognized over the life of the loan. 
 
 BHG currently maintains an allowance for loan losses under the incurred loss method related to the loans it retains on its balance sheet, but will be required to adopt CECL effective October 1, 2023. This change is likely to require BHG to increase its allowance for loan losses, and is likely to increase the types of data BHG would need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of its allowance for loan losses. In addition, this change may result in more volatility in the level of BHG s allowance for loan losses. An increase, to the extent material, in BHG s allowance for loan losses or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses could have a material adverse effect on BHG s financial condition and results of operations, which would negatively impact our interest in BHG s profits. 
 
 Future growth in contributions to our earnings from BHG and its subsidiaries will require that they continue to grow their business and increase the amount of loans that they are able to originate and sell, if not retained on BHG s or a subsidiary s balance sheet. In the event that BHG s loan growth slows over historical levels, its loan sales decrease (including but not limited to as a result of regulatory, or other restrictions or limitations on banks that are the principal purchasers of BHG s loans), the interest rates that BHG earns on its loans, or the spread between the rate BHG charges on its loans and the rates paid by banks who buy loans through the auction platform, decline or it experiences increased levels of loan losses or requests for substitutions on loans it previously originated and sold, its results of operations and our noninterest income would be adversely affected to amounts below those that BHG charges. 
 
 BHG currently operates in certain states without the need for a permit or any other license as its loans are principally commercial, business purpose loans that don t trigger the need for licensure. In the event that BHG or its subsidiaries were required to register or become licensed in any state in which they operate, including as a result of their expanding into consumer lending or expanding into other lending areas like patient financing, or regulations are adopted that seek to limit BHG s or its subsidiaries ability to operate in any jurisdiction or that seek to limit the amounts of interest that BHG can charge on its loans, BHG s results of operations (and Pinnacle Bank s interest in BHG s net profits) could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Since our initial investment, BHG has expanded its operations to include commercial lending to other professional service firms like attorneys, accountants and others. Through subsidiaries that it owns, it also has expanded into patient financing, which involves making loans to individuals to finance medical expenses, particularly those where patients have high deductible health plans. BHG is also expanding into point-of-sale consumer lending and may further expand its business into other types of lending, which may not be as profitable as BHG s current lending products or successful at all. These new product lines may involve more risk than BHG s historical business and BHG s loss rates may increase when compared to historical levels. Moreover, BHG and its subsidiaries will likely face greater regulatory scrutiny in certain of these lines of business that may increase BHG s compliance costs and its risk of regulatory scrutiny. Failure to realize the expected revenue increases and/or other projected benefits from, and any increased compliance costs and regulatory scrutiny in connection with, any such expansion could have a negative impact on BHG s business, which would negatively impact our interest in BHG s profits and, consequently, our noninterest income. 
 32 

BHG s business is also subject to increased scrutiny by bank regulatory agencies as a result of our investment. The FDIC has published guidance related to the operation of marketplace lenders and banks business relationships with such lenders and other third parties in which banks are required to exercise increased oversight and ongoing monitoring and other responsibility for such third parties compliance with applicable regulatory guidance and requirements. As a result, we are subject to enhanced responsibility for and risk related to BHG and our relationship with it. BHG s compliance costs have increased since our investment and are likely to continue to increase, including as a result of its new product lines, and its loan yields may be negatively impacted, which would negatively impact its results of operations and Pinnacle Bank s interest in BHG s net profits. If banks that are examined by the FDIC became restricted in their ability to buy loans originated by BHG, BHG s business would be negatively impacted, which would negatively impact our interest in BHG s profits. 
 
 Because of our ownership of a portion of BHG, BHG is limited in the types of activities in which it may engage. Were BHG to desire to expand its operations into areas that are not permissible for an entity owned by a state member bank like Pinnacle Bank, it may need to do so through separate entities in which we do not have an ownership interest. Were these businesses to be more profitable than BHG s core business or require BHG s management s attention in ways that are detrimental to BHG, our investment in BHG may be negatively impacted. 
 
 The fair values of our investments in private companies and venture capital funds are likely to fluctuate and the value that we ultimately realize on those investments may vary materially. 
 
 From time to time, we and our affiliates, including Pinnacle Bank, make investments in private companies and venture capital funds. The fair value of these investments are reflected in our financial statements and are adjusted on a quarterly basis. Moreover, because valuations of private companies are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value for private companies may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Therefore, fair value determinations may materially understate or overstate the value that we ultimately realize upon the sale of one or more investments. We cannot predict future realized or unrealized gains or losses, and any such gains or losses are likely to vary materially from period to period. 
 
 A decline in our stock price or expected future cash flows, or a material adverse change in our results of operations or prospects, could result in impairment of our goodwill. 
 
 A significant and sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization below book value, a significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate, slower growth rates or other factors could result in impairment of our goodwill. At December 31, 2022, our goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets totaled approximately 1.9 billion. If we were to conclude that a write-down of our goodwill is necessary, then the appropriate charge would likely cause a material loss. Any significant loss would adversely impact the capacity of Pinnacle Bank to pay dividends to Pinnacle Financial without seeking prior regulatory approval, which could adversely affect Pinnacle Financial s ability to pay required interest payments on its outstanding indebtedness or to continue to pay dividends to its common and preferred shareholders. 
 
 Our selection of accounting policies and methods may affect our reported financial results. 
 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Our management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods so they comply with GAAP and reflect management s judgment of the most appropriate manner to report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which may be reasonable under the circumstances, which may result in our reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. 
 
 Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting our financial condition and results of operations. They require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. Because of the uncertainty of estimates involved in these matters, we may be required to do one or more of the following: significantly increase the allowance for credit losses or sustain loan losses that are significantly higher than the reserve provided; recognize significant impairment on goodwill and other intangible asset balances; reduce the carrying value of an asset measured at fair value; or significantly increase our accrued tax liability. Any of these could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. For a discussion of our critical accounting policies, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

33 

We currently invest in bank owned life insurance BOLI and may continue to do so in the future. 
 
 We had 881.9 million in general, hybrid and separate account BOLI contracts at December 31, 2022. BOLI is an illiquid long-term asset that provides tax savings because cash value growth and life insurance proceeds are not taxable, subject to certain exceptions. However, if we needed additional liquidity and converted the BOLI to cash, such transaction would be subject to ordinary income tax and applicable penalties. We are also exposed to the credit risk of the underlying securities in the investment portfolio and to the insurance carrier s credit risk (in a general account contract). If BOLI was exchanged to another carrier, additional fees would be incurred and a tax-free exchange could only be done for insureds that were still actively employed by us at that time. There is interest rate risk relating to the market value of the underlying investment securities associated with the BOLI in that there is no assurance that the market value of these securities will not decline. Investing in BOLI exposes us to liquidity, credit and interest rate risk, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 An ineffective risk management framework could have a material adverse effect on our strategic planning and our ability to mitigate risks and/or losses and could have adverse regulatory consequences. 
 
 We have implemented a risk management framework to identify and manage our risk exposure. This framework is comprised of various processes, systems and strategies, and is designed to manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including, among others, credit, market, liquidity, fraud, operational, capital, cybersecurity, compliance, strategic and reputational risks. Our framework also includes financial, analytical, forecasting, or other modeling methodologies, which involves management assumptions and judgment. In addition, our board of directors, in consultation with management, has adopted a risk appetite statement, which sets forth certain thresholds and limits to govern our overall risk profile. However, there is no assurance that our risk management framework, including the risk metrics under our risk appetite statement, will be effective under all circumstances or that it will adequately identify, manage or mitigate any risk or loss to us. If our risk management framework is not effective, we could suffer unexpected losses and become subject to regulatory consequences, as a result of which our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We are dependent on our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party servicers, and systems failures, interruptions or breaches of security could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, as well as cause legal or reputational harm. 
 
 We are dependent upon information technologies, computer systems and networks, including those we maintain and those maintained and provided to us by third parties, to conduct operations and are reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our business. These systems could become unavailable or impaired due to a variety of causes, including storms and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, fires, utility outages, internal or external theft or fraud, design defects, human error, misconduct or complications or failures encountered as existing systems are maintained, replaced or upgraded. For example, our financial, accounting, data processing, or other operating or security systems or infrastructure or those of third parties upon which we rely may fail to operate properly or become compromised, disabled or damaged, which could adversely affect our ability to process transactions or provide services. In the event that backup systems are utilized, they may not process data as quickly as our primary systems and we may experience data losses in the course of such recovery. We continuously update the systems on which we rely to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with all applicable laws, rules and regulations globally. This updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions that may occur in the course of such implementation challenges. We maintain a system of internal controls and security to mitigate the risks of many of these occurrences and maintain insurance coverage for certain risks; however, should an event, including a cyberattack (including a ransomware attack), occur that is not prevented or detected by our internal controls, causes an interruption, degradation or outage in service, or is uninsured against or in excess of applicable insurance limits, such occurrence could have an adverse effect on our business and our reputation, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, proprietary, personal and other information in our computer systems and networks. Although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify these systems as circumstances warrant, the security of our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code and other events that could have a security impact. We provide our customers the ability to bank remotely, including over the Internet or through their mobile device. The secure transmission of confidential information is a critical element of remote and mobile banking. Our network, and the systems of parties with whom we contract or on which we rely, as well as those of our customers and regulators, could be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes, spam attacks, ransomware attacks, human error, natural disasters, power loss and other security breaches. Sources of attacks vary and may include hackers, disgruntled employees or vendors, organized crime, terrorists, foreign governments, corporate espionage and activists. In recent periods, there continues to be a rise in electronic fraudulent activity, security breaches and cyber-attacks within the financial services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector due to cyber criminals targeting commercial bank accounts or seeking to infiltrate legitimate transactions. 

34 

Cybersecurity risks for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. For example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal use of web-based products and applications. Even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. Targeted social engineering attacks are becoming more prevalent and sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. The techniques used by bad actors change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. Additionally, the existence of cyber attacks or security breaches at third parties with access to our data, such as vendors, may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. Consistent with industry trends, we remain at risk for attempted electronic fraudulent activity, as well as attempts at security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents. Cloud technologies are also critical to the operation of our systems, and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing. Service disruptions in cloud technologies or intrusion into those of our systems hosted on cloud-based technologies may lead to unauthorized access of, delays in accessing, or the loss of, data that is important to our businesses and may hinder our clients access to our products and services, which would negatively impact our operations which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 We spend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches and computer viruses, and may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by security breaches or viruses. To the extent that our activities or the activities of our vendors, regulators or customers involve the storage and transmission of confidential information, security breaches (including breaches of security of customer, vendor or regulatory systems and networks) and viruses could expose us to claims, litigation and other possible liabilities. Any inability to prevent or promptly detect security breaches or computer viruses could also cause existing customers to lose confidence in our systems and could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations and ability to attract and retain customers and businesses. In addition, a security breach could also subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability and cause reputational damage. 
 
 We outsource many of our major systems, such as data processing, loan servicing and deposit processing systems. The failure of these systems, or the termination of a third-party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party systems fail or experience interruptions, including as a result of viruses or other attacks. If sustained or repeated, a system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to process new and renewal loans, gather deposits and provide customer service, compromise our ability to operate effectively, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business and/or subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 We also face the risk of operational disruption, failure, termination, or capacity constraints of any of the third parties that facilitate our business activities, including vendors, exchanges, and other financial intermediaries. Such parties could also be the source or cause of an attack on, or breach of, our operational systems, data or infrastructure, and could disclose such attack or breach to us in a delayed manner or not at all. In addition, we may be at risk of an operational failure with respect to our customers systems. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats and the continued uncertain global economic environment. 
 
 As cyber threats continue to evolve, we will likely expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures, investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities, or respond to any changes to state or federal regulations, policy statements or laws concerning information systems or security. Any failure to maintain adequate security over our information systems, our technology-driven products and services or our customers personal and transactional information could negatively affect our business and our reputation and result in fines, penalties, or other costs, including litigation expense and/or additional compliance costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Furthermore, the public perception that a cyber-attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business. A successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us negative consequences, including loss of customers and business opportunities, disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation or destruction of our confidential information and/or that of our customers, or damage to our customers and/or third parties computers or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 Our business reputation and relationships are important and any damage to them could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our reputation is very important in sustaining our business and we rely on our relationships with our current, former and potential clients and shareholders and other actors in the industries that we serve. Any damage to our reputation, whether arising from regulatory, supervisory or enforcement actions, matters affecting our financial reporting or compliance with SEC and exchange listing 
 35 

requirements, negative publicity, the way in which we conduct our business or otherwise could strain our existing relationships and make it difficult for us to develop new relationships. Any such damage to our reputation and relationships could in turn lead to a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We face substantial competition and are subject to certain regulatory constraints not applicable to some of our competitors, which may decrease our growth or profits. 
 
 We face substantial competition for deposits, and for credit and trust relationships, and other financial services and products in the communities we serve. Competing providers include other banks, thrifts and trust companies, insurance companies, mortgage banking operations, credit unions, finance companies, title companies, money market funds and other financial and nonfinancial companies, including mobile payment platforms, which may offer products functionally equivalent to those offered by us. Competing providers may have greater financial resources than we do and offer services within and outside the market areas we serve. In addition to this challenge of attracting and retaining customers for traditional banking services, our competitors include securities dealers, brokers, mortgage bankers, investment advisors and finance and insurance companies who seek to offer one-stop financial services to their customers that may include services that financial institutions have not been able or allowed to offer to their customers in the past. The increasingly competitive environment is primarily a result of changes in regulation, changes in technology and product delivery systems and the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial service providers. If we are unable to adjust both to increased competition for traditional banking services and changing customer needs and preferences, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 
 
 Some of our competitors, including credit unions, are not subject to certain regulatory constraints, such as the Community Reinvestment Act, which requires us to, among other things, implement procedures to make and monitor loans throughout the communities we serve. Credit unions also have federal tax exemptions that may allow them to offer lower rates on loans and higher rates on deposits than taxpaying financial institutions such as commercial banks. In addition, non-depository institution competitors are generally not subject to the extensive regulation applicable to institutions, like Pinnacle Bank, that offer federally insured deposits. Other institutions may have other competitive advantages in particular markets or may be willing to accept lower profit margins on certain products. These differences in resources, regulation, competitive advantages, and business strategy may decrease our net interest margin, may increase our operating costs, and may make it harder for us to compete profitably. 
 
 The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as mobile payment and other automatic transfer and payment systems, and for banks that do not have a physical presence in our markets to compete for deposits. The absence of regulatory requirements may give non-bank financial companies a competitive advantage over us. 
 
 Our operations, businesses and customers could be materially adversely affected by the impacts related to climate change. 
 
 There is an increasing concern among individuals and governments over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters that create additional risk for us as it relates to the operation of our business and our relationships with our clients. The physical risks of climate change include rising average global temperatures, rising sea levels and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, including floods, wildfires, hurricanes and tornados. Such disasters could disrupt our operations or the operations of customers or third parties on which we rely. Such disasters could result in market volatility or negatively impact our customers ability to repay outstanding loans, result in rapid deposit outflows, cause supply chain and/or distribution network disruptions, damage collateral or result in the deterioration of the value of collateral or insurance shortfalls. 
 
 Additionally, climate change concerns could result in transition risk. Changes in consumer preferences or technology and additional legislation, regulatory and legal requirements, including those associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy, could restrict the scope of our or our clients existing businesses, amplify credit and market risks, disproportionately impact certain of our clients, like those that own and/or operate trucking companies, negatively impact asset values, increase expenses, including as a result of strategic planning and technology and market changes, and/or otherwise adversely impact us, our businesses or our customers. 
 
 Our response to climate change, our climate change strategies, policies and disclosure, and/or our ability to achieve our climate-related goals and commitments (which are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control) could result in reputational harm as a result of negative public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny, litigation and reduced investor and stakeholder confidence. 
 
 The implementation of other new lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risk. 
 
 We continuously evaluate our service offerings and may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business in the future. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, we undergo a new product process to assess the risks of the 
 36 

initiative, and invest significant time and resources to build internal controls, policies and procedures to mitigate those risks, including hiring experienced management to oversee the implementation of the initiative. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business and/or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could require the establishment of new key and other controls and have a significant impact on our existing system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and/or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Inability to retain senior management and key employees or to attract new experienced financial services professionals could impair our relationship with our customers, reduce growth and adversely affect our business. 
 
 We have assembled a senior management team which has substantial background and experience in banking and financial services in our markets. Moreover, much of our organic loan growth that we have experienced in recent years (and that we are seeking during 2023) was the result not of strong loan demand but rather of our ability to attract experienced financial services professionals as new associates of ours who have been able to attract customers from other financial institutions. We are continuing to deploy a similar hiring strategy in all of our markets, though in a rising rate environment it may be more difficult for these associates to attract their customers to the bank, particularly those with existing loans that are priced below current market rates. Inability to retain these key personnel (including key personnel of the businesses we have acquired) or to continue to attract experienced lenders with established books of business (including, in either case, as a result of competitive compensation and other hiring and retention pressures), at all or at the pace we have anticipated, could negatively impact our growth because of the loss of these individuals skills and customer relationships and/or the potential difficulty of promptly replacing them. Moreover, the higher costs we have to pay to hire and retain these experienced individuals (which has seen increased pressure in the current inflationary and competitive environment in which we are operating) could cause our noninterest expense levels to rise and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 Many of our key associates, and those we seek to hire, are experienced bankers who have been engaged in the business of commercial banking for a significant period of time. While we believe this model of hiring has contributed to our success, we face risks associated with this older workforce. Our compensation expense, including our healthcare costs, may exceed those of our peers on account of our older, more experienced associate base. Additionally, as the number of our long-term employees reaching retirement age increases, our ability to successfully plan for the transition of those associates clients to other associates becomes more important to our future success. If we are unable to successfully manage such transitions, our relationships with our clients may be negatively impacted and our results of operations may be negatively affected. 
 
 We are subject to regulatory oversight and certain litigation, and our expenses related to this regulatory oversight and litigation may adversely affect our results. 
 
 We are from time to time subject to certain litigation in the ordinary course of our business. As we have aggressively hired new revenue producing associates over the last six years we, and the associates we have hired, have also periodically been the subject of litigation and threatened litigation with these associates former employers. We may also be subject to claims related to our loan servicing programs, particularly those involving servicing of commercial real estate loans. These and other claims and legal actions, as well as supervisory and enforcement actions by our regulators, including the CFPB or other regulatory agencies with which we deal, including those with oversight of our loan servicing programs, could involve large monetary claims, capital directives, agreements with federal regulators, cease and desist penalties and orders and significant defense costs. The outcome of any such cases or actions is uncertain. Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, for matters where a loss is not probable or the amount of the loss cannot be estimated, no accrual is established. For matters where it is probable we will incur a loss and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we establish an accrual for the loss. Once established, the accrual is adjusted periodically to reflect any relevant developments. The actual cost of any outstanding legal proceedings or threatened claims, however, may turn out to be substantially higher than the amount accrued. Further, our insurance may not cover all litigation, other proceedings or claims, or the costs of defense. Future developments could result in an unfavorable outcome for any existing or new lawsuits or investigations in which we are, or may become, involved, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Our business is dependent on technology, and an inability to invest in technological improvements may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to better serving customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. We have made significant investments in data processing, management information systems and internet banking accessibility, but additional investments may be required or necessary. Our future success will depend in part upon 
 37 

our ability to create additional efficiencies in our operations through the use of technology. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We cannot make assurances that our technological improvements will increase our operational efficiency or that we will be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. 
 
 The soundness of other financial institutions, including those with whom we have engaged in transactions, could adversely affect us. 
 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and financial stability of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to various counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial and correspondent banks, and others including those with whom we have implemented our hedging strategies. As a result, defaults by, or rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, may result in market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by such other institutions. Such occurrences could expose us to credit risk in the event of default of one or more counterparties and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 We may be subject to claims and litigation pertaining to fiduciary responsibility. 
 
 From time to time as part of our normal course of business, customers may make claims and take legal action against us based on actions or inactions related to the fiduciary responsibilities of Pinnacle Bank s trust and wealth management associates. If such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, they may result in financial liability and/or adversely affect our market reputation or our products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Natural disasters and the affects of a changing climate may adversely affect us and our customers. 
 
 Our operations and customer base are located in markets where natural disasters, including tornadoes, severe storms, fires, wildfires, floods, and hurricanes often occur. Such natural disasters could significantly impact the local population and economies and our business, and could pose physical risks to our properties. Although our banking offices are geographically dispersed throughout portions of the southeastern United States and we maintain insurance coverages for such events, a significant natural disaster in or near one or more of our markets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 In addition to natural disasters, the impact of climate change, such as rising average global temperatures and rising sea levels, and the increasing frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters such as droughts, floods, wildfires and hurricanes could negatively impact our operations including our ability to provide financial products and services to our customers. Climate change also has the potential to negatively affect the collateral we take to secure loans that we make, the valuations of home prices or commercial real estate or our customers (particularly those that are engaged in industries that could be negatively affected by a shift to a low-carbon economy) ability and/or willingness to pay fees, repay outstanding loans or afford new products. Climate change could also cause insurability risk and/or increased insurance costs for us or our customers. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. As a result, current and potential holders of our securities could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our securities. 
 
 Maintaining and adapting our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, is expensive and requires significant management attention. Moreover, as we continue to grow, our internal controls may become more complex and require additional resources to ensure they remain effective amid dynamic regulatory and other guidance. Failure to implement effective controls or difficulties encountered in the process may harm our results of operations and financial condition or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we or our independent registered accounting firm identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or are otherwise required to restate our financial statements, we could be required to implement expensive and time-consuming remedial measures and could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. We may also face regulatory enforcement or other actions, including the potential delisting of our securities from the Nasdaq Global Select Market. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, as well as the trading price of our securities, and could potentially subject us to litigation. 
 
 Risks Related to Acquisition Activity 
 
 Our acquisitions and future expansion may result in additional risks. 
 
 From 2015 through 2017, we completed the acquisitions of CapitalMark, Magna, Avenue and BNC and made a significant investment in BHG. In 2019, we acquired Advocate Capital, and in 2022 we acquired the remaining 80 outstanding membership interest of 
 38 

JB B. We expect to continue to consider and explore opportunities to expand in our current markets and in select primarily high-growth markets in the southern portion of the United States through additional offices and also may consider expansion within these markets through additional acquisitions of all or part of other financial institutions or other financial services companies, including our recent de novo expansions into the Atlanta, Georgia, Huntsville and Birmingham, Alabama, Louisville, Kentucky and Washington, D.C. metro markets. These types of expansions, including the recent de novo expansions, involve various risks, including: 
 
 Management of Growth . We may be unable to successfully: 
 
 maintain loan quality in the context of significant loan growth; 
 identify and expand into suitable markets; 
 obtain regulatory and other approvals; 
 identify and acquire suitable sites for new banking offices; 
 attract sufficient deposits and capital to fund anticipated loan growth; 
 recruit seasoned professionals with significant experience and established books of business; 
 maintain adequate common equity and regulatory capital; 
 scale our technology platform and operational infrastructure; 
 avoid diversion or disruption of our existing operations or management as well as those of the acquired institution; 
 maintain adequate management personnel and systems to oversee and support such growth; 
 maintain adequate internal audit, loan review and compliance functions; and 
 implement additional policies, internal controls, procedures and operating systems required to support such growth. 
 
 Results of Operations . There is no assurance that existing offices or future offices will maintain or achieve deposit levels, loan balances or other operating results necessary to avoid losses or produce profits. If we are unable to grow our revenues in amounts necessary to support this higher expense base, our results of operations will be negatively impacted. Our growth strategy necessarily entails growth in overhead expenses as we add new offices and staff. Our historical results may not be indicative of future results or results that may be achieved as we continue to evaluate opportunities to increase the number and concentration of our offices in our newer markets. 
 
 Development of Offices . There are considerable costs involved in opening offices (particularly those in new markets), and new offices generally do not generate sufficient revenues to offset their costs until they have been in operation for at least a year or more. Accordingly, any new offices we establish, including those we plan to establish in the markets to which we have recently expanded, can be expected to negatively impact our earnings for some period of time until they reach certain economies of scale. The same is true for our efforts to expand in these markets with the hiring of additional seasoned professionals with significant experience in that market. Our expenses could be further increased if we encounter delays in opening any of our new offices, including as a result of supply chain disruptions and labor challenges currently affecting the construction industry. We may be unable to accomplish future office expansion plans due to a lack of available satisfactory sites, difficulties in acquiring such sites, failure or inability to receive any required regulatory approvals, increased expenses or loss of potential sites due to complexities associated with zoning and permitting processes, higher than anticipated construction or merger and acquisition costs or other factors. Finally, we have no assurance any office will be successful even after it has been established or acquired, as the case may be. 
 
 Regulatory and Economic Factors . Our growth and expansion plans may be adversely affected by a number of regulatory and economic developments or other events. Failure or inability to obtain required regulatory approvals, changes in laws and regulations or other regulatory developments and changes in prevailing economic conditions or other unanticipated events may prevent or adversely affect our continued growth and expansion. Such factors may cause us to alter our growth and expansion plans or slow or halt the growth and expansion process, which may prevent us from entering into or expanding in our other markets or allow competitors to gain or retain market share in our existing markets. 
 
 Infrastructure and Control s. We may not successfully implement improvements to, or integrate, our information and control systems, procedures and processes in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. In particular, our systems, controls and procedures must be able to accommodate an increase in transaction volume and the infrastructure that comes with new products, offices, markets or any combination thereof. Thus, our growth strategy may divert management from our existing operation and may require us to incur additional expenditures to expand our administrative and operational infrastructure, which may adversely affect earnings, shareholder returns, and our efficiency ratio. 
 
 Failure to successfully address these and other issues related to our recent expansions or in any other future market could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, and could adversely affect our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Also, if our growth occurs more slowly than anticipated or declines, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 39 

We may face risks with respect to future acquisitions. 
 
 When we attempt to expand our business through mergers and acquisitions, we seek targets that are culturally similar to us, have experienced management and possess either significant market presence or have potential for improved profitability through economies of scale or expanded products or services. In addition to the general risks associated with our growth plans which are highlighted above, in general acquiring or merging with other banks, businesses or branches, particularly those in markets with which we are less familiar, involves various risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including, among other things: 
 
 the time and costs associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisition and merger targets; 
 inaccuracies in the estimates and judgments used to evaluate credit, operations, culture, management and market risks with respect to an institution we acquire or with which we merge; 
 the time and costs of evaluating new markets, hiring experienced local management, including as a result of de novo expansion into a market such as our expansions into the Atlanta, Georgia, Huntsville and Birmingham, Alabama, Louisville, Kentucky and Washington, D.C. metro markets, and opening new bank locations, and the time lags between these activities and the generation of sufficient assets and deposits to support the significant costs of the expansion that we may incur, particularly in the first 12 to 24 months of operations; 
 our ability to finance (or increase capital levels in connection with) an acquisition and possible dilution to our existing shareholders; 
 the diversion of our management s attention to the negotiation of a transaction and integration of an acquired company s operations with ours; 
 the incurrence of an impairment of goodwill associated with an acquisition and adverse effects on our results of operations; 
 entry into new markets where we have limited or no direct prior experience; 
 closing delays and increased expenses related to the resolution of lawsuits filed by our shareholders or shareholders of companies we may seek to acquire; 
 the inability to receive regulatory approvals timely or at all, including as a result of community objections, or such approvals being restrictively conditional; and 
 risks associated with integrating the operations, technologies and personnel of the acquired business. 
 
 Though we expect to remain principally focused on organically growing our business in our existing markets (including our new markets) during 2023, we nonetheless may have opportunities to evaluate merger and acquisition opportunities that are presented to us in our current markets as well as other select markets throughout the southern portion of the United States and conduct due diligence activities related to possible transactions with other financial institutions. As a result, merger or acquisition discussions and, in some cases, negotiations may take place and future mergers or acquisitions involving cash, debt or equity securities and related capital raising transactions may occur at any time. Generally, acquisitions of financial institutions involve the payment of a premium over book and market values, and, therefore, some dilution of our book value and fully diluted earnings per share may occur in connection with any future transaction. Failure to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in product presence and/or other projected benefits from an acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, we may face significant competition from numerous other financial services institutions, many of which may have greater financial resources than we do, when considering acquisition opportunities, particularly in our targeted high-growth markets located outside of Tennessee. Accordingly, attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying or completing any potential future acquisitions. 
 
 Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 
 National or state legislation or regulation may increase our expenses and reduce earnings. 
 
 Bank regulators are increasing regulatory scrutiny, and additional restrictions on financial institutions (or new interpretations of existing regulations) have been proposed or adopted by regulators and by Congress. Changes in tax law, federal legislation, regulation or policies, such as bankruptcy laws, deposit insurance, consumer protection laws, and capital requirements, among others, can result in significant increases in our expenses and/or charge-offs, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in state or federal tax laws or regulations can have a similar impact. State and municipal governments, including the State of Tennessee, could seek to increase their tax revenues through increased tax levies which could have a meaningful impact on our results of operations. Furthermore, financial institution regulatory agencies are expected to continue to be aggressive in responding to concerns and trends identified in examinations, including in the case of service charges banks impose on customers related to overdrafts and instances in which customers accounts do not have sufficient funds to cover items that are presented. These actions could include the issuance of additional formal or informal enforcement or supervisory actions and the imposition of monetary penalties, and whether formal or informal, could result in our agreeing to limitations or to take actions that limit our operational 
 40 

flexibility, restrict our growth, increase our operating expenses, lower our non-interest income or increase our capital or liquidity levels. Failure to comply with any formal or informal regulatory restrictions, including informal supervisory actions, could lead to further regulatory enforcement actions. 
 
 Negative developments in the financial services industry and the impact of recently enacted or new legislation (or interpretation of existing legislation) in response to those developments could negatively impact our operations by restricting our business operations, including our ability to originate or sell loans, and adversely impact our financial performance. In addition, industry, legislative or regulatory developments may cause us to materially change our existing strategic direction, business policies, capital strategies, compensation or operating plans. 
 
 We are subject to various statutes and regulations that may impose additional costs or limit our ability to take certain actions. 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to examination, supervision, and comprehensive regulation by various regulatory agencies. Our compliance with these regulations is costly and restricts certain of our activities, including payment of dividends, mergers and acquisitions, investments, loans and interest rates charged on loans, interest rates paid on deposits and locations of offices. We are also subject to capital requirements established by our regulators, which require us to maintain specified levels of capital. It is possible that our FDIC assessments may increase in the future. Any future assessment increases could negatively impact our results of operations. Significant changes in laws and regulations applicable to the banking industry have been recently adopted and others are being considered by our regulators and in Congress. We expect that the current Presidential administration will continue to implement a regulatory reform agenda that is significantly different than that of the prior administration. This reform agenda could include an increased level of attention and focus on consumer protection, fair lending, the regulation of loan portfolios and credit concentrations to borrowers impacted by climate change or that operate in industries that would not be favored in a low-carbon economy and heightened scrutiny of BSA and AML requirements among other areas. In addition mergers and acquisitions could be hampered by increased regulatory scrutiny. We cannot predict the effects of these changes on our business and profitability. Because government regulation greatly affects the business and financial results of commercial banks and bank holding companies, our cost of compliance could adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. 
 
 Additionally, we are subject to laws regarding our handling, disclosure and processing of personal and confidential information of certain parties, such as our employees, customers, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires us to periodically disclose our privacy policies and practices relating to sharing such information and enables retail customers to opt out of our ability to share information with unaffiliated third parties, under certain circumstances. Other laws and regulations impact our ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or to contact customers with marketing offers. We are subject to laws that require us to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of customer records and information. Additionally, other legislative and regulatory activity continue to lend uncertainty to privacy compliance requirements that impact our business. We also expect that there will continue to be new laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security proposed and enacted in various jurisdictions. The potential effects of pending legislation are far-reaching and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. 
 
 We must maintain adequate regulatory capital to support our business objectives . 
 
 Under regulatory capital adequacy guidelines and other regulatory requirements, we must satisfy capital requirements based upon quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items. Our satisfaction of these requirements is subject to qualitative judgments by regulators that may differ materially from management s and that are subject to being determined retroactively for prior periods. Additionally, regulators can make subjective assessments about the adequacy of capital levels, even if Pinnacle Bank s reported capital exceeds the well-capitalized requirements. Pinnacle Financial s ability to maintain its status as a financial holding company and to continue to operate Pinnacle Bank as it has in recent periods is dependent upon a number of factors, including Pinnacle Bank qualifying as well capitalized and well managed under applicable prompt corrective action regulations and upon Pinnacle Financial qualifying on an ongoing basis as well capitalized and well managed under applicable Federal Reserve regulations. 
 
 Failure to meet regulatory capital standards could have a material adverse effect on our business, including damaging the confidence of customers in us, adversely impacting our reputation and competitive position and retention of key personnel. Any of these developments could limit our access to: 
 
 brokered deposits; 
 the Federal Reserve discount window; 
 advances from the FHLB; 
 capital markets transactions; and 
 development of new financial services. 
 41 

Failure to meet regulatory capital standards may also result in higher FDIC assessments. If we fall below guidelines for being deemed adequately capitalized the FDIC or Federal Reserve could impose restrictions on our activities and a broad range of regulatory requirements in order to effect prompt corrective action. The capital requirements applicable to us are in a process of continuous evaluation and revision in connection with actions of the Basel Committee and our regulators. In September 2022, the Federal bank regulatory agencies publicly confirmed their joint commitment to implementing Basel IV in the United States, but did not provide any details or expected timing of such rules. We cannot predict the final form, timing or the effects of these regulations on our business, but among the possible effects are requirements that we slow our rate of growth or obtain additional capital which could reduce our earnings or dilute our existing shareholders. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial is required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for Pinnacle Bank in times of stress. 
 
 Under federal law, Pinnacle Financial is required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to Pinnacle Bank, and to commit resources to support Pinnacle Bank if necessary. Pinnacle Financial may be required to commit additional resources to Pinnacle Bank at times when Pinnacle Financial may not be in a financial position to provide such resources or when it may not be in Pinnacle Financial s, or its shareholders or its creditors best interests to do so. Providing such support is more likely during times of financial stress for Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank, which may make any capital Pinnacle Financial is required to raise to provide such support more expensive or dilutive than it might otherwise be. In addition, any capital loans Pinnacle Financial makes to Pinnacle Bank are subordinate in right of payment to depositors and to certain other indebtedness of Pinnacle Bank. In the event of Pinnacle Financial s bankruptcy, any commitment by it to a federal banking regulator to maintain the capital of Pinnacle Bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment. 
 
 Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions against us or restrict our ability to make acquisitions. 
 
 The Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, requires financial institutions to design and implement programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities. If such activities are detected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. These rules require financial institutions to establish procedures and maintain staffing levels that are sufficient for identifying and verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines or sanctions, including restrictions on conducting acquisitions or establishing new offices, as well as additional operating expenses to add staff and/or technological enhancements to our systems to better comply with our obligations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Securities 
 
 The price of our capital stock may be volatile or may decline. 
 
 The trading price of our capital stock may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. In addition, the stock market is subject to fluctuations in trading volumes that affect the market prices of the shares of many companies. These broad market fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our capital stock. Among the factors that could affect the price of the shares of our common stock and the depositary shares representing fractional interests in our Series B Preferred Stock are: 
 
 actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our results of operations and financial condition; 
 changes in revenue or earnings estimates or publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts; 
 failure to meet analysts or our own published estimates regarding earnings and the various financial measures that make up our earnings; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors; 
 actions by institutional shareholders; 
 fluctuations in the stock price and operating results of our competitors; 
 general market conditions and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for the financial services industry; 
 market perceptions about the innovation economy, including levels of funding or "exit" activities of companies in the industries we serve; 
 proposed or adopted regulatory changes or developments; 
 changes in the political climate; 
 market reactions to social media messages or posts; 
 42 

anticipated or pending investigations, proceedings or litigation that involve or affect us; and 
 domestic and international economic and social factors unrelated to our performance. 
 
 The trading price of the shares of our common stock and the depositary shares representing fractional interests in our Series B Preferred Stock and the value of our other securities will further depend on many factors, which may change from time to time, including, without limitation, our financial condition, performance, creditworthiness and prospects, and future sales of our equity or equity-related securities. In some cases, the markets have produced downward pressure on stock prices and credit availability for certain issuers without regard to those issuers underlying financial strength. A significant decline in our stock price could result in substantial losses for individual shareholders and could lead to costly and disruptive securities litigation, as well as the loss of key employees. 
 
 Our ability to declare and pay dividends is limited. 
 
 While our board of directors has approved the payment of a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock since the fourth quarter of 2013 and approved the payment of the quarterly dividends on our Series B Preferred Stock (and underlying depositary shares) since issuance, there can be no assurance of whether or when we may pay dividends on our capital stock in the future. Future dividends, if any, will be declared and paid at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including our and Pinnacle Bank s capital levels. Moreover, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is limited by the terms of our Series B Preferred Stock which provides that if we have not paid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period, then no dividend or distribution shall be declared, paid, or set aside for payment on shares of our common stock. 
 
 Our principal source of funds used to pay cash dividends on our common stock will be cash we may hold from time to time as well as dividends that we receive from Pinnacle Bank. Although Pinnacle Bank s asset quality, earnings performance, liquidity and capital requirements will be taken into account before we declare or pay any future dividends on our capital stock, our board of directors will also consider our liquidity and capital requirements and our board of directors could determine to declare and pay dividends without relying on dividend payments from Pinnacle Bank. 
 
 Federal and state banking laws and regulations and state corporate laws restrict the amount of dividends we may declare and pay and that Pinnacle Bank may declare and pay to us. For example, Federal Reserve regulations implementing the capital rules required under Basel III do not permit dividends unless capital levels exceed certain higher levels applying capital conservation buffers. In addition, the Federal Reserve has issued supervisory guidance advising bank holding companies to eliminate, defer or reduce dividends paid on common stock and other forms of capital, like the Series B Preferred Stock, where the company s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends, the company s prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with the company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition or the company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. Recent supplements to this guidance reiterate the need for bank holding companies to inform their applicable reserve bank sufficiently in advance of the proposed payment of a dividend in certain circumstances. 
 
 In addition, subject to certain exceptions, the terms of our subordinated debentures prohibit us from paying dividends on shares of our capital stock at times when we are deferring the payment of interest on such subordinated debentures. 
 
 We may issue additional common stock or other equity securities in the future which could dilute the ownership interest of existing shareholders. 
 
 We may issue additional shares of common stock, or securities convertible into, exchangeable for or representing rights to acquire shares of common stock, including in connection with acquisitions. We may sell these shares at prices below the then current market price of shares, and the sale of these shares may significantly dilute shareholder ownership. We could also issue additional shares in connection with acquisitions of other financial institutions (as we did in connection with our acquisition of BNC and certain of our other acquisitions) or investments in fee-related or other businesses (as we did with BHG), which could also dilute shareholder ownership. 
 
 We have the ability under our current effective registration statement to issue shares of preferred stock. Further, our shareholders authorized our board of directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock without any further action on the part of our shareholders, which is what we did when we issued the Series B Preferred Stock. We may determine that it is advisable, or we may encounter circumstances where we determine it is necessary, to issue additional shares of preferred stock, securities convertible into, exchangeable for, or that represent an interest in preferred stock, or preferred stock-equivalent securities to fund strategic initiatives or other business needs or to build additional capital. Our board of directors is authorized to cause us to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock from time to time without any action on the part of our shareholders, including issuing additional shares of our Series B Preferred Stock or additional underlying depositary shares. Our board of directors also has the power, without shareholder approval, to set the terms of any such classes or series of preferred stock that may be issued, including voting rights, dividend rights, and preferences over the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to dividends or upon our dissolution, liquidation or 
 43 

winding-up and other terms. 
 
 Although the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of all outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with any parity stock having similar voting rights, is required to authorize or issue any shares of capital stock senior in rights and preferences to the Series B Preferred Stock, if we issue preferred stock or depositary shares in the future with voting rights that dilute the voting power of the Series B Preferred Stock or depositary shares, the rights of holders of the depositary shares or the market price of the depositary shares could be adversely affected. The market price of the depositary shares underlying the shares of Series B Preferred Stock could decline as a result of these other offerings, as well as other sales of a large block of depositary shares, Series B Preferred Stock, or similar securities in the market thereafter, or the perception that such sales could occur. Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. 
 
 Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings or the prices at which we may issue securities that we offer. Thus, holders of the depositary shares underlying the shares of Series B Preferred Stock bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of the depositary shares and diluting their holdings in the depositary shares. 
 
 The Series B Preferred Stock constitutes an equity security and ranks junior to all of our indebtedness and will rank junior to our and our subsidiaries future indebtedness. 
 
 Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are equity interests in Pinnacle Financial and do not constitute indebtedness. Accordingly, shares of the Series B Preferred Stock and the related depositary shares are and will be junior in right of payment to any existing and all future indebtedness and other non-equity claims of Pinnacle Financial with respect to assets available to satisfy claims on us, including in a liquidation of Pinnacle Financial. In the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, our assets will be available to pay obligations on the Series B Preferred Stock and any parity stock only after all of our liabilities have been paid and any obligations we owe on any securities that rank senior to the Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding, if any, have been satisfied. In case of such bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the Series B Preferred Stock will rank equally with any parity stock in the distribution of our assets. Holders of the depositary shares may be fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government in the event of a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. In addition, our existing and future indebtedness may restrict payment of dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Series B Preferred Stock and the depositary shares representing the Series B Preferred Stock effectively rank junior to any existing and all future liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
 
 We are a financial holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through our subsidiaries. Our right to participate in any distribution of the assets of our subsidiaries upon any liquidation, reorganization, receivership or conservatorship of any subsidiary (and thus the ability of the holder of the Series B Preferred Stock and the holders of the depositary shares to benefit indirectly from such distribution) will rank junior to the prior claims of that subsidiary s creditors. In the event of bankruptcy, liquidation or winding-up, there may not be sufficient assets remaining, after paying our and our subsidiaries liabilities, to pay amounts due on any or all of the Series B Preferred Stock and the depositary shares representing the Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank owns 49 of the outstanding equity interests of BHG, and its right to participate in any distribution of the assets of BHG upon its liquidation, reorganization, receivership or conservatorship (and thus the ability of the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and the holders of the depositary shares to benefit indirectly from such distribution) will rank junior to the prior claims of BHG s creditors. Moreover, Pinnacle Bank s 49 ownership interest in BHG and minority board representation on BHG s board means that Pinnacle Bank cannot on its own cause BHG to make distributions to Pinnacle Bank that could be used to pay dividends to Pinnacle Financial and thereafter used to pay dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock. In addition, BHG is a party to various agreements related to its indebtedness pursuant to which BHG s ability to make distributions to Pinnacle Bank may be limited. 
 
 The Series B Preferred Stock and the depositary shares representing the Series B Preferred Stock places no restrictions on our business or operations or on our ability to incur indebtedness or engage in any transactions, subject only to the limited voting rights of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are non-cumulative and discretionary. If we do not declare dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock, holders of the depositary shares will not be entitled to receive related distributions on their depositary shares. 
 
 Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are non-cumulative and discretionary, not mandatory. Consequently, if our board of directors does not authorize and declare a dividend for any dividend period, the holder of the Series B Preferred Stock, and therefore the holders of the depositary shares, will not be entitled to receive a dividend for such period, and such undeclared dividend will not accrue and be payable. We will have no obligation to pay dividends for such dividend period, whether or not dividends are authorized and declared for any subsequent dividend period with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock. Our board of directors may determine 
 44 

that it would be in our best interests to pay less than the full amount of the stated dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock or no dividend for any dividend period even if funds are available. Factors that would be considered by our board of directors in making this determination include our financial condition, liquidity and capital needs, the impact of current and pending legislation and regulations, economic conditions, our ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to the Series B Preferred Stock, any credit agreements to which we may become a party, tax considerations and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Unlike indebtedness, where principal and interest would customarily be payable on specified due dates, in the case of preferred stock like the Series B Preferred Stock dividends are payable only when, as and if authorized and declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board and, as a Tennessee corporation and financial holding company, we are subject to restrictions on payments of dividends out of lawfully available funds as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, and therefore the holders of the depositary shares representing the Series B Preferred Stock, have limited voting rights. 
 
 Until and unless we are in arrears on our dividend payments on the Series B Preferred Stock for six quarterly dividend periods, whether consecutive or not, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, and therefore the holders of the depositary shares, have no voting rights with respect to matters that generally require the approval of voting shareholders, except with respect to certain fundamental changes in the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock, and except as may be required by the rules of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the Series B Preferred Stock is listed, traded or quoted or by Tennessee law. If dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are not paid in full for six dividend periods, whether consecutive or not, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, voting together as a class with any other equally ranked series of preferred stock that have similar voting rights then outstanding, if any, will have the right, at the first annual meeting or special meeting held thereafter and at subsequent annual meetings, to elect two directors to our board. The terms of the additional directors so elected will end upon the payment or setting aside for payment by us of continuous noncumulative dividends for at least four dividend periods on the Series B Preferred Stock and any other equally ranked series of preferred stock then outstanding, if any. 
 
 Holders of the depositary shares must act through the depositary to exercise any voting rights of the Series B Preferred Stock. Although each depositary share is entitled to 1/40th of a vote, the depositary can only vote whole shares of Series B Preferred Stock. While the depositary will vote the maximum number of whole shares of Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with the instructions it receives, any remaining fractional votes of holders of the depositary shares underlying such shares of Series B Preferred Stock will not be voted. 
 
 Holders of Pinnacle Financial s junior subordinated debentures have rights that are senior to those of Pinnacle Financial s shareholders. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial had outstanding trust preferred securities and accompanying junior subordinated debentures totaling approximately 133.0 million. Payments of the principal and interest on the trust preferred securities are conditionally guaranteed by Pinnacle Financial, and the accompanying subordinated debentures are senior to shares of Pinnacle Financial s common stock and preferred stock. As a result, Pinnacle Financial must make payments on the subordinated debentures (and the related trust preferred securities) before any dividends can be paid on our common stock or preferred stock and, in the event of Pinnacle Financial s bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation, the holders of the subordinated debentures must be satisfied before any distributions can be made on Pinnacle Financial s preferred stock, and thereafter its common stock. Pinnacle Financial has the right to defer distributions on its junior subordinated debentures (and the related trust preferred securities) for up to five years, during which time no dividends may be paid on its common stock or preferred stock. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank have in the past issued subordinated indebtedness the holders of which have rights that are senior to those of Pinnacle Financial s shareholders. 
 
 From time to time, Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank have issued, and in connection with the Avenue merger and BNC merger, assumed, subordinated notes. At December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial had an aggregate of 300.0 million of subordinated notes outstanding, not including the subordinated debentures issued in connection with our trust preferred securities; Pinnacle Bank did not have any subordinated notes outstanding at December 31, 2022. Moreover, the notes we have issued rank senior to shares of Pinnacle Financial s common and preferred stock and Pinnacle Bank s subordinated indebtedness, if any be outstanding from time to time, is structurally senior to the rights of the holders of Pinnacle Financial s common and preferred stock. In the event of any bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation of Pinnacle Financial, these notes, along with Pinnacle Financial s other indebtedness, would have to be repaid before Pinnacle Financial s shareholders would be entitled to receive any of the assets of Pinnacle Financial. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial or Pinnacle Bank may from time to time issue, or assume in connection with an acquisition, additional subordinated indebtedness that would have to be repaid before Pinnacle Financial s shareholders would be entitled to receive any of the assets of Pinnacle Financial or Pinnacle Bank. 
 
 45 

We and/or the holders of certain types of our securities could be adversely affected by unfavorable ratings from rating agencies. 
 
 The ratings agencies regularly evaluate Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank, and their ratings of our company and certain of our debt and equity securities are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. There can be no assurance that we will not receive adverse changes in our published ratings in the future, which could adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding, and the way in which we are perceived in the capital markets. Actual or anticipated changes, or downgrades in our published credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade, could affect the market value and liquidity of our securities, increase our borrowing costs and negatively impact our profitability. Additionally, a downgrade of published credit rating of any particular security issued by us or our subsidiaries could negatively affect the ability of the holders of that security to sell the securities and the prices at which any such securities may be sold. 
 
 Even though our common stock and the depositary shares underlying our Series B Preferred Stock are currently traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market s Global Select Market, these shares, particularly the depositary shares, have less liquidity than many other stocks quoted on a national securities exchange. 
 
 The trading volume in our common stock and depositary shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market has been relatively low when compared with larger companies listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or other stock exchanges. Although we have experienced increased liquidity in our stock, we cannot say with any certainty that a more active and liquid trading market for our common stock or depositary shares will continue to develop. Because of this, it may be more difficult for shareholders to sell a substantial number of shares for the same price at which shareholders could sell a smaller number of shares. 
 
 We cannot predict the effect, if any, that future sales of our common stock or additional depositary shares in the market, or the availability of shares of common stock or depositary shares for sale in the market, will have on the market price of our common stock and depositary shares. We can give no assurance that sales of substantial amounts of common stock or depositary shares in the market, or the potential for large amounts of sales in the market, would not cause the price of our common stock or depositary shares to decline or impair our future ability to raise capital through sales of our common stock or additional depositary shares. 
 
 The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly, and may fluctuate in the future. These fluctuations may be unrelated to our performance. General market or industry price declines or overall market volatility in the future could adversely affect the price of our common stock or depositary shares, and the current market price may not be indicative of future market prices. 
 
 Our corporate organizational documents and the provisions of Tennessee law to which we are subject contain certain provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, make more difficult or prevent an attempted acquisition of Pinnacle Financial that you may favor. 
 
 Our amended and restated charter, as amended, and bylaws, as amended, contain various provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change of control of Pinnacle Financial. These provisions include: 
 
 a provision requiring our board of directors to take into account specific factors when considering an acquisition proposal; 
 a provision that all extraordinary corporate transactions to which we are a party must be approved by a majority of the directors and a majority of the shares entitled to vote; 
 a provision that any special meeting of our shareholders may be called only by our chairman, our chief executive officer, our president, our board of directors, or the holders of 25 of the outstanding shares of our voting stock that have held those shares for at least one year; and 
 a provision establishing certain advance notice procedures for nomination of candidates for election as directors at an annual or special meeting of shareholders at which directors are elected. 
 
 Additionally, our amended and restated charter, as amended, authorizes the board of directors to issue shares of our preferred stock without shareholder approval and upon such terms as the board of directors may determine. The issuance of our preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, financings, and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring, a controlling interest in us. In addition, certain provisions of Tennessee law, including a provision which restricts certain business combinations between a Tennessee corporation and certain affiliated shareholders, may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change in control of our company. 

46 

An investment in our common stock or depositary shares is not an insured deposit and is not guaranteed by the FDIC. 
 
 An investment in our common stock or depositary shares is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss or guaranteed by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. An investment in our common stock or depositary shares is inherently risky for the reasons described herein and our shareholders will bear the risk of loss if the value or market price of our common stock or depositary shares is adversely affected. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

47 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The Company's executive offices are located at 150 Third Avenue South, Suite 900, Nashville, Tennessee. At December 31, 2022, we conducted branch banking operations in 123 offices in six states. These offices include both owned and leased facilities as follows: State Owned Leased Total Alabama 2 2 Tennessee 31 20 51 Georgia 2 2 North Carolina 28 10 38 South Carolina 10 10 20 Virginia 7 3 10 76 47 123 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Various legal proceedings to which Pinnacle Financial or a subsidiary of Pinnacle Financial is party arise from time to time in the normal course of business. Management does not expect the ultimate disposition of these proceedings to have a material adverse effect on Pinnacle Financial's business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 48 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Pinnacle Financial's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "PNFP" and has traded on that market since July 3, 2006. As of February 22, 2023, Pinnacle Financial had approximately 4,080 shareholders of record. 
 
 In connection with the settlement of income tax liabilities associated with the Company's equity compensation plans, Pinnacle Financial repurchased shares of its common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 as follows: Period Total Number of 
 Shares 
 Repurchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 4,000 84.05 125,000,000 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 12 84.46 125,000,000 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 24 73.56 125,000,000 Total 4,036 84.00 125,000,000 
 
 (1) During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, 16,277 shares of restricted stock previously awarded to certain of our associates vested. We withheld 4,036 shares to satisfy tax withholding requirements associated with their vesting. 
 
 (2) On January 18, 2022, the board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to 125.0 million of Pinnacle Financial's outstanding common stock. The share repurchase program is set to expire on March 31, 2023 and the Board of Directors has authorized a 125.0 million share repurchase program that will commence upon expiration of the current program. This new program will expire on March 31, 2024. Share repurchases may be made from time to time, on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, at the discretion of the management of Pinnacle Financial, after the board of directors of Pinnacle Financial authorizes a repurchase program. The approved share repurchase programs do not obligate Pinnacle Financial to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the programs may be extended, modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. Stock repurchases generally are affected through open market purchases, and may be made through unsolicited negotiated transactions. The timing of these repurchases will depend on market conditions and other requirements. Pinnacle Financial did not repurchase any shares of its common stock under its current repurchase plan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following is a discussion of our financial condition at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and our results of operations for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. The purpose of this discussion is to focus on information about our financial condition and results of operations which is not otherwise apparent from our consolidated financial statements. The following discussion and analysis should be read along with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere herein, as well as the information included in Part I Item 1A "Risk Factors", and under the caption "Forward-Looking Statements". 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 Set forth below is certain selected financial data related to the Company's operations for 2020, 2021 and 2022: 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 (1) 
 Total assets 41,970,021 38,469,399 34,932,860 Loans, net of unearned income 29,041,605 23,414,262 22,424,501 Allowance for credit losses 300,665 263,233 285,050 Total securities 6,637,920 6,070,152 4,615,040 Goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets 1,881,528 1,853,630 1,862,147 Deposits and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 35,156,148 31,457,092 27,833,739 Advances from FHLB 464,436 888,681 1,087,927 Subordinated debt and other borrowings 424,055 423,172 670,575 
 49 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 (1) 
 Shareholders' equity 5,519,392 5,310,607 4,904,611 Statement of Operations Data: Interest income 1,373,935 1,031,214 1,021,042 Interest expense 244,642 98,813 199,254 Net interest income 1,129,293 932,401 821,788 Provision for credit losses 67,925 16,126 203,815 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 1,061,368 916,275 617,973 Noninterest income 416,124 395,734 317,840 Noninterest expense 779,999 660,104 564,455 Income before income taxes 697,493 651,905 371,358 Income tax expense 136,751 124,582 59,037 Net income 560,742 527,323 312,321 Preferred stock dividends 15,192 15,192 7,596 Net income available to common shareholders 545,550 512,131 304,725 Per Share Data: Earnings per share available to common shareholders basic 7.20 6.79 4.04 Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 75,735,404 75,468,339 75,376,489 Earnings per share available to common shareholders diluted 7.17 6.75 4.03 Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 76,133,865 75,927,147 75,654,385 Common dividends per share 0.88 0.72 0.64 Preferred dividends per share 67.52 67.52 33.76 Book value per common share 69.35 66.89 61.80 Common shares outstanding at end of period 76,454,020 76,142,726 75,850,323 Performance Ratios: Return on average assets 1.37 1.43 0.94 Return on average shareholders' equity 10.16 10.02 6.57 Net interest margin 3.29 3.02 2.97 Net interest spread 2.94 2.87 2.72 Noninterest income to average assets 1.05 1.11 0.98 Noninterest expense to average assets 1.96 1.85 1.75 Efficiency ratio 50.47 49.70 49.53 Average loan to average deposit ratio 80.35 80.61 88.11 Avg. interest-earning assets to avg. interest-bearing liabilities 151.73 149.63 136.60 Average equity to average total assets ratio 13.49 14.31 14.33 Common stock dividend payout ratio 12.26 10.67 15.84 Credit Quality Ratios: Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 788.81 833.83 386.06 Allowance for credit losses to total loans 1.04 1.12 1.27 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.11 0.10 0.25 Nonperforming assets to total loans and other real estate 0.16 0.17 0.38 Net loan charge-offs to average loans 0.10 0.17 0.18 Capital Ratios (2) : 
 Common equity Tier 1 capital 9.96 10.93 10.03 Leverage 9.75 9.70 8.63 Tier 1 capital 10.55 11.67 10.87 Total capital 12.44 13.84 14.26 
 (1) Information for the 2020 fiscal year includes adoption of FASB ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2020 which introduces the current expected credit losses methodology which requires us to estimate all expected credit losses over the remaining life of our loan portfolio. The impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-13 is discussed throughout the remainder of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Capital ratios are for Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 
 50 

Overview 
 
 General. Our fully diluted net income per common share for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 7.17 compared to fully diluted net income per common share of 6.75 and 4.03 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, loans had increased by 5.6 billion to 29.0 billion as compared to 23.4 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Results of operations. Our net interest income increased to 1.1 billion for 2022 compared to 932.4 million for 2021 and 821.8 million for 2020. The increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 was largely the result of organic loan growth and yield expansion in our earning asset portfolio. Partially offsetting the increase was a decrease in the interest and fees related to PPP loans and discount accretion associated with fair value adjustments as well as the rising cost of funds in 2022. The increase in 2021 as compared to 2020 was largely the result of lower cost of funds and organic loan growth. 
 
 Net interest income in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was affected by fluctuations in our net interest spread and for 2021 and 2020 was materially impacted by income on PPP loans. The net interest margin (the ratio of net interest income to average earning assets) for 2022 was 3.29 compared to 3.02 and 2.97 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Our provision for credit losses was 67.9 million for 2022 compared to 16.1 million in 2021 and 203.8 million in 2020. The increase in provision expense as compared to 2021 is primarily due to growth in the loan portfolio and the developing uncertain economic environment. Also contributing to provision expense in all periods were net charge-offs which were 26.5 million during 2022 compared to 38.7 million in 2021 and 39.4 million in 2020. 
 
 Noninterest income for 2022 compared to 2021 increased by 20.4 million, or 5.2 . The growth in noninterest income for 2022 compared to 2021 was in large part attributable to an increase in income from our equity method investment in Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC (BHG) of 23.2 million, or 19.0 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in the prior year. Additionally, positively impacting noninterest income were wealth management revenues of 82.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 69.2 million for the same period in the prior year. Other noninterest income, which is the result of, among other things, fee revenue lines of business other than those specifically identified on the face of our consolidated income statement, also increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 by 6.6 million when compared to the same period in the prior year due in part to increases in interchange and other consumer fees when compared to 2021 and a 5.5 million gain on remeasurement of our previously held equity investment in JB B Capital, LLC (JB B), resulting from our bank subsidiary's acquisition on March 1, 2022 of the 80 equity interest of JB B it did not previously own. The above increases were offset by a decrease in income from other equity investments of 12.5 million during 2022 when compared to 2021 as a result of several of our venture fund investments experiencing increased valuations in their underlying portfolios during the year ended December 31, 2022, but at lower amounts than those experienced during the same period in 2021 as well as gains on mortgage loans sold, net, which decreased by 25.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to the increases in the interest rate environment. 
 
 Noninterest income for 2021 compared to 2020 increased by 77.9 million, or 24.5 . The growth in noninterest income for 2021 compared to 2020 was in large part attributable to an increase in income from our equity method investment in Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC (BHG) of 38.7 million, or 46.4 , during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in the prior year. Additionally, positively impacting noninterest income were wealth management revenues of 69.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 56.1 million for the same period in the prior year. Other noninterest income also increased during the year ended December 31, 2021 by 46.9 million when compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to an increase of 22.0 million in income from other equity investments and an increase of 16.3 million from interchange and other consumer fees when compared to 2020. The above increases were offset by a decrease in gains on mortgage loans sold, net, which decreased by 27.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 2020 primarily due to the fluctuations in the interest rate environment and a decline in inventory of homes available-for-sale in our markets in 2021. 
 
 Noninterest expense for 2022 compared to 2021 increased by 119.9 million, or 18.2 . Impacting noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 was the 74.2 million increase in salaries and employee benefits. The change in salaries and employee benefits was primarily the result of an increase in our associate base to 3,241.5 full-time equivalent associates at December 31, 2022 from 2,841.0 at December 31, 2021 as well as annual merit increases awarded in the first quarter of 2022. Also contributing to the increase for 2022 compared to 2021 were cash and equity incentives which were 7.7 million, or 7.0 higher, in 2022. Noninterest expense categories, other than salaries and employee benefits, were 269.8 million during 2022 compared to 224.1 million during 2021. This increase is due primarily to overall growth in the infrastructure of the firm, additional locations added in 2022 and new technology implemented in 2022. 

51 

Noninterest expense for 2021 compared to 2020 increased by 95.6 million, or 16.9 . Impacting noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 2020 was the 101.5 million increase in salaries and employee benefits. The change in salaries and employee benefits was primarily the result of an increase in our annual cash incentive plan accrual and an increase in equity compensation expense both due to accruals associated with achievement of above-target level performance during 2021 compared to 2020 when our performance resulted in below-target level achievement for cash and forfeiture of a portion of the equity awards we had issued with performance measures tied to 2020 performance equity incentives, as well as annual merit increases awarded in the first quarter of 2021 and an increase in our associate base to 2,841.0 at December 31, 2021 from 2,634.0 at December 31, 2020. Impacting the decrease in other noninterest expense during the year ended December 31, 2021 were 15.2 million in FHLB restructuring charges and 4.7 million in hedge termination charges recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020 that did not reoccur in 2021. 
 
 During the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded income tax expense of 136.8 million, 124.6 million and 59.0 million, respectively. Our tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 was impacted by the adoption of CECL and the provision for credit losses recorded in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was 19.6 , 19.1 and 15.9 , respectively. 
 
 Our efficiency ratio (the ratio of noninterest expense to the sum of net interest income and noninterest income) was 50.5 , 49.7 , and 49.5 , for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The efficiency ratio measures the amount of expense that is incurred to generate a dollar of revenue. The efficiency ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 and in 2021 as compared to 2020 were both positively and negatively impacted by the changes to noninterest expense, net interest income and noninterest income discussed above. 
 
 Net income for 2022 was 560.7 million compared to 527.3 million in 2021 and 312.3 million in 2020. Net income available to common shareholders for 2022 was 545.6 million compared to 512.1 million in 2021 and 304.7 million in 2020. The presentation of net income available to common shareholders (rather than net income available to shareholders) was required following the issuance of 9.0 million depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of our 6.75 fixed rate non-cumulative, perpetual preferred stock, Series B (Series B Preferred Stock) in the second quarter of 2020. Fully-diluted net income per common share was 7.17 for 2022 compared to 6.75 for 2021 and 4.03 for 2020. Net income in 2022 was primarily impacted positively by organic growth and yield expansion in our earning asset portfolio as well as increased earnings from our equity method investment in BHG offset by higher costs of funds and increases in salaries and employee benefits as described above. Net income in 2021 was primarily impacted positively by decreased provision expense incurred and lower cost of funds during 2021. Fully-diluted net income per common share in all periods presented was also impacted by the dividends paid on the Series B Preferred Stock. Additionally, positively impacting fully-diluted net income per common share in each of the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020 were organic growth. 
 
 Financial Condition. Our loan balances increased by 5.6 billion, or 24.0 , to 29.0 billion during 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase is primarily the result of loans made to borrowers that principally operate or are located in our core markets, including the markets in which we recently expanded, increases in the number of relationship advisors we employ and continued focus on attracting new customers to our company offset in part by a decrease of 363.1 million of PPP loans in our portfolio as these loans were paid down or forgiven by the SBA. Loan growth was also positively impacted by the addition of certain specialty lending groups, including franchise lending and equipment lease financing. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our allowance for credit losses was 300.7 million compared to 263.2 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in the allowance for credit losses is largely the result of growth in the loan portfolio and uncertainty in the economic environment. 
 
 Total deposits increased from 31.3 billion at December 31, 2021 to 35.0 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 3.7 billion, or 11.7 . Interest-bearing deposit growth during the year ended December 31, 2022, increased approximately 1.4 billion, or 20.7 from December 31, 2021, as a result of our intentional focus on gathering and retaining these deposits. Within our deposits, the ratio of core funding to total deposits decreased from 89.5 at December 31, 2021 to 86.9 at December 31, 2022. This decline is largely due to fluctuation in interest rates during 2022 resulting in increasing cost of funds. 
 
 We believe we have hired experienced relationship managers that have significant client portfolios and longstanding reputations within the communities we serve. As such, we believe they will attract more relationship managers to our firm as well as loans and deposits from new and existing small-and middle-market clients particularly if the economies in our principal markets continue to expand. 
 
 Capital and Liquidity. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our capital ratios, including our bank's capital ratios, exceeded regulatory minimum capital requirements and those necessary to be considered well-capitalized under applicable federal regulations. From time to time, we may be required to support the capital needs of our bank subsidiary. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 186.6 million of cash at the holding company which could be used to support our bank. 
 52 

We believe we have various capital raising techniques available to us to provide for the capital needs of our company and bank, such as issuing subordinated debt or entering into a revolving credit facility with a financial institution. We also periodically evaluate capital markets conditions to identify opportunities to access those markets if necessary or prudent to support our capital levels. 
 
 On January 19, 2021, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to 125.0 million of our outstanding common stock. The authorization for this program remained in effect through March 31, 2022. On January 18, 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to 125.0 million of our common stock which commenced upon the expiration of the share repurchase program that expired on March 31, 2022. The new authorization is to remain in effect through March 31, 2023. We did not repurchase any shares under either share repurchase program during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, respectively. On January 17, 2023, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to 125.0 million of our common stock to commence upon expiration of our existing share repurchase program that is set to expire on March 31, 2023. This authorization is to remain in effect through March 31, 2024. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The accounting principles we follow and our methods of applying these principles conform with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and with general practices within the banking industry. In connection with the application of those principles, we have made judgments and estimates which, in the case of the determination of our allowance for credit losses and the assessment of impairment of goodwill, has been critical to the determination of our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans - The allowance for credit losses is estimated under the CECL methodology set forth in FASB ASC 326. The allowance for credit losses reflects management s estimate of the the amount of credit losses expected to be recognized over the remaining life of the loans in our portfolio. This evaluation requires significant management judgment and is based upon relevant available information related to historical default and loss experience, current and projected economic conditions, and other portfolio-specific and environmental risk factors. Losses are predicted over a reasonable and supportable forecast period, and at the end of the reasonable and supportable period losses revert to long term historical averages. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective basis for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics, and for loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with the collectively evaluated pools, evaluations are performed on an individual basis. There are factors beyond our control, such as changes in projected economic conditions, real estate markets or particular industry conditions which may materially impact asset quality and the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses and thus the resulting provision for credit losses. The allowance is adjusted through provision for credit losses and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries of amounts previously charged-off. See Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans elsewhere within this section as well as Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5 - Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements for additional information related to the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill - Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired as described in ASC 350. Accordingly, we performed a qualitative assessment by examining changes in macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance, cost factors and other relevant entity-specific events, including changes in the share price of our common stock. While we believe that the assumptions utilized in our testing are appropriate, they may not reflect actual outcomes that could occur. Specific factors that could negatively impact the assumptions used include significant fluctuations in our asset/liability balances or the composition of our balance sheet; a change in the overall valuation of the stock market, specifically bank stocks; performance of Southeast U.S. Banks; and our performance relative to peers. Changes in these assumptions, or any other key assumptions, could have a material impact on our qualitative assessment, resulting in the decision to perform additional procedures to identify and determine the amount of goodwill impairment, if any. Should it be determined in a future period that goodwill has become impaired, then a charge to earnings would be recorded in the period such determination is made. See Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements for additional information related to goodwill. 

53 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following is a summary of certain financial information as of or for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands, except per share data): Years ended December 31, 2022- 2021 Percent Increase (Decrease) Year ended December 31, 2021 - 2020 Percent Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 2020 Income Statement: Interest income 1,373,935 1,031,214 33.2 1,021,042 1.0 Interest expense 244,642 98,813 >100 199,254 (50.4) Net interest income 1,129,293 932,401 21.1 821,788 13.5 Provision for credit losses 67,925 16,126 >100 203,815 (92.1) Net interest income after provision for credit losses 1,061,368 916,275 15.8 617,973 48.3 Noninterest income 416,124 395,734 5.2 317,840 24.5 Noninterest expense 779,999 660,104 18.2 564,455 17.0 Net income before income taxes 697,493 651,905 7.0 371,358 75.5 Income tax expense 136,751 124,582 9.8 59,037 >100 Net income 560,742 527,323 6.3 312,321 68.8 Preferred stock dividends 15,192 15,192 7,596 100.0 Net income available to common shareholders 545,550 512,131 6.5 304,725 68.1 Per Share Data: Basic net income per common share 7.20 6.79 6.0 4.04 68.1 Diluted net income per common share 7.17 6.75 6.2 4.03 67.5 Performance Ratios: Return on average assets (1) 
 1.37 1.43 (4.2) 0.94 52.1 Return on average shareholders' equity (2) 
 10.16 10.02 1.4 6.57 52.5 Return on average common shareholders' equity (3) 
 10.58 10.47 1.1 6.76 54.9 Balance Sheet: Loans, net of allowance for credit losses 28,740,940 23,151,029 24.2 22,139,451 4.6 Deposits 34,961,238 31,304,533 11.7 27,705,575 13.0 
 (1) Return on average assets is the result of net income available to common shareholders for the reported period, divided by average assets for the period. 
 (2) Return on average shareholders' equity is the result of net income available to common shareholders for the reported period, divided by average shareholders' equity for the period. 
 (3) Return on average common shareholders' equity is the result of net income available to common shareholders for the reported period, divided by average common shareholders' equity for the period. 
 
 Net Interest Income. Net interest income represents the amount by which interest earned on various earning assets exceeds interest paid on deposits and other interest bearing liabilities and is the most significant component of our revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded net interest income of approximately 1.1 billion, which resulted in a net interest margin of 3.29 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded net interest income of approximately 932.4 million, which resulted in a net interest margin of 3.02 . For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded net interest income of approximately 821.8 million, which resulted in a net interest margin of 2.97 . The increase in net interest income in 2022 as compared to 2021 was largely the result of organic loan growth and yield expansion in our earning asset portfolio. Partially offsetting the increase was a decrease in the interest and fees related to PPP loans and discount accretion associated with fair value adjustments as well as the rising cost of funds in 2022. The increase in net interest income in 2021 as compared to 2020 was largely the result of lower cost of funds and organic loan growth. 

54 

The Federal Reserve influences the general market rates of interest, including the deposit and loan rates offered by many financial institutions, through changes to the federal funds rate. Our loan portfolio is affected by changes in the prime interest rate. During 2022, the prime rate increased 425 basis points to 7.50 at December 31, 2022. Our loan portfolio is also impacted by changes in LIBOR. At December 31, 2022, the one-month and three-month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates were 4.39 and 4.75 , respectively, while at December 31, 2021, the one-month and three-month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates were 0.10 and 0.21 , respectively, and at December 31, 2020, the one-month and three-month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates were 0.14 and 0.24 respectively. As a result of reference rate reform and the expected discontinuation of LIBOR by June 30, 2023, Pinnacle Financial has begun implementation of its transition plan to identify and modify its loans and other financial instruments, including certain indebtedness, with attributes that are either directly or indirectly influenced by LIBOR. Pinnacle Financial has begun negotiating loans using its preferred replacement index, SOFR. For Pinnacle Financial's currently outstanding LIBOR-based loans, the timing and manner in which each customer's contract transitions to SOFR will vary on a case-by-case basis. Pinnacle Financial expects to complete all loan transitions by June 30, 2023. 
 
 The following table sets forth the amount of our average balances, interest income or interest expense for each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the average interest rate for total interest-earning assets and total interest-bearing liabilities, net interest spread and net interest margin for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 2022 2021 2020 Average Balances Interest Rates/ Yields Average Balances Interest Rates/ Yields Average Balances Interest Rates/ Yields Interest-earning assets: Loans (1) (2) 
 26,182,102 1,182,492 4.62 23,060,949 924,043 4.09 21,824,841 919,744 4.30 Securities: Taxable 3,405,346 67,063 1.97 2,711,044 34,769 1.28 2,136,437 35,663 1.67 Tax-exempt (2) 
 3,013,505 81,522 3.26 2,534,653 64,848 3.09 2,114,277 58,867 3.35 Interest-bearing due from banks 1,815,251 23,206 1.28 3,056,555 3,853 0.13 2,410,611 4,038 0.17 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 1,010,443 14,106 1.40 426,027 1,440 0.34 Federal funds sold 9,964 22,342 30 0.14 Other 181,824 5,546 3.05 160,066 2,261 1.41 153,345 2,700 1.76 Total interest-earning assets 35,608,471 1,373,935 3.98 31,959,258 1,031,214 3.33 28,661,853 1,021,042 3.67 Nonearning assets: Intangible assets 1,877,870 1,858,119 1,867,007 Other nonearning assets 2,324,564 1,875,255 1,805,677 Total assets 39,810,905 35,692,632 32,334,537 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: Interest checking 6,737,026 63,549 0.94 5,578,632 9,887 0.18 4,602,683 19,542 0.42 Savings and money market 12,695,974 112,218 0.88 11,437,779 22,823 0.20 9,623,790 45,364 0.47 Time deposits 2,478,629 28,352 1.14 2,682,315 21,406 0.80 4,162,523 70,641 1.70 Total interest-bearing deposits 21,911,629 204,119 0.93 19,698,726 54,116 0.27 18,388,996 135,547 0.74 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 203,082 794 0.39 155,888 239 0.15 150,118 350 0.23 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 923,964 20,848 2.26 899,785 18,111 2.01 1,750,578 33,135 1.89 Subordinated debt and other borrowings 429,169 18,881 4.40 604,081 26,347 4.36 692,169 30,222 4.37 Total interest-bearing liabilities 23,467,844 244,642 1.04 21,358,480 98,813 0.46 20,981,861 199,254 0.95 Noninterest-bearing deposits 10,674,249 8,910,349 6,380,155 Total deposits and interest- bearing liabilities 34,142,093 244,642 0.72 30,268,829 98,813 0.33 27,362,016 199,254 0.73 Other liabilities 297,409 314,650 337,855 Total liabilities 34,439,502 30,583,479 27,699,871 Shareholders' equity 5,371,403 5,109,153 4,634,666 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 39,810,905 35,692,632 32,334,537 Net interest income 1,129,293 932,401 821,788 Net interest spread (3) 
 2.94 2.87 2.72 Net interest margin (4) 
 3.29 3.02 2.97 
 (1) Average balances of nonperforming loans, consumer loans held-for-sale and commercial loans held-for-sale are included in average loan balances. 
 (2) Yields computed on tax-exempt instruments on a tax equivalent basis and include 43.0 million, 33.8 million and 29.9 million of taxable equivalent income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The tax-exempt benefit has been reduced by the projected impact of tax-exempt income that will be disallowed pursuant to IRS Regulations as of and for the then current period presented. 
 (3) Yields realized on interest-bearing assets less the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The net interest spread calculation excludes the impact of 
 55 

demand deposits. Had the impact of demand deposits been included, the net interest spread for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have been 3.26 compared to a net interest spread for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 of 3.01 and 2.94 , respectively. 
 (4) Net interest margin is the result of net interest income calculated on a tax-equivalent basis divided by average interest earning assets for the period. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net interest spread was 2.94 , while the net interest margin was 3.29 compared to a net interest spread of 2.87 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2.72 for the year ended December 31, 2020, and a net interest margin of 3.02 and 2.97 , respectively. Our net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects the rising short-term interest rate environment, including the impact of exceeding substantially all of our loan floors during the second and third quarters of 2022, and the deployment of excess funds in higher yielding loans offset in part by the diminishing impact of loans made and fees recognized pursuant to the PPP, declining levels of positive impact from purchase accounting as well as the competitive rate environments for loans and deposits in our markets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our earning asset yield increased by 65 basis points and 31 basis points from the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, while total funding rates increased by 39 basis points and decreased by 1 basis point compared to the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2022, the Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates by 425 basis points and our current expectation is another 75 basis point increase during 2023, inclusive of the 25 basis points increase in February 2023. 
 
 We continue to deploy various asset liability management strategies to manage our risk to interest rate fluctuations. The additional on-balance sheet liquidity that we accumulated primarily due to government stimulus efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic has largely runoff as of December 31, 2022. As a result, we do not anticipate excess liquidity negatively impacting our net interest margin going forward as much as it did in 2020, 2021 and 2022. Our most likely forecast has short-term interest rates moving higher through at least the first half of 2023. However, there is much uncertainty in the interest rate futures markets due to the currently high level of inflation present in the economy, the pace of the rate tightening cycle being led by the Federal Reserve Open Market Committee and what risks these present for a recession to occur in the near-term. 
 
 Rate and Volume Analysis. Net interest income increased by 196.9 million between the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and by 110.6 million between the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The following is an analysis of the changes in our net interest income comparing the changes attributable to rates and those attributable to volumes (in thousands): 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 Increase (decrease) due to 2021 Compared to 2020 Increase (decrease) due to Rate Volume Net Rate Volume Net Interest-earning assets: Loans 126,581 131,868 258,449 (46,950) 51,249 4,299 Securities: Taxable 21,241 11,053 32,294 (9,226) 8,332 (894) Tax-exempt 3,176 13,498 16,674 (6,566) 12,547 5,981 Interest-bearing due from banks 29,960 (10,607) 19,353 (1,149) 964 (185) Securities purchased under agreements to resell 8,588 4,078 12,666 1,440 1,440 Federal funds sold (24) (6) (30) Other 2,812 473 3,285 (548) 109 (439) Total interest-earning assets 192,358 150,363 342,721 (63,023) 73,195 10,172 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: Interest checking 47,417 6,245 53,662 (12,621) 2,966 (9,655) Savings and money market 82,572 6,823 89,395 (28,848) 6,307 (22,541) Time deposits 8,858 (1,912) 6,946 (31,569) (17,666) (49,235) Total deposits 138,847 11,156 150,003 (73,038) (8,393) (81,431) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 435 120 555 (122) 11 (111) Federal Home Loan Bank advances 2,250 487 2,737 1,560 (16,584) (15,024) Subordinated debt and other borrowings 201 (7,667) (7,466) (47) (3,828) (3,875) Total interest-bearing liabilities 141,733 4,096 145,829 (71,647) (28,794) (100,441) Net interest income 50,625 146,267 196,892 8,624 101,989 110,613 
 
 Changes in net interest income are attributed to either changes in average balances (volume change) or changes in average rates (rate change) for earning assets and sources of funds on which interest is received or paid. Volume change is calculated as change in volume times the previous rate while rate change is change in rate times the previous volume. 
 56 

Provision for Credit Losses. The provision for credit losses represents a charge to earnings necessary to establish an allowance for credit losses that, in management's evaluation, is adequate to provide coverage for all expected credit losses. The provision for credit losses amounted to 67.9 million, 16.1 million and 203.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Provision expense is impacted by organic loan growth in our loan portfolio, our internal assessment of the credit quality of the loan portfolio, recent historical and projected future economic conditions and net charge-offs. The increase in provision expense during 2022 as compared to 2021 is primarily due to growth in the loan portfolio and deterioration in the projected macroeconomic factors due to the uncertain economic environment. The lower provision for credit losses during 2021 as compared to 2020 was the result of improvements in the current and projected economic conditions as compared to the economic deterioration which occurred or was anticipated during 2020 related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Also contributing to the provision expense in 2022 when compared to the 2021 and 2020 comparable periods were net charge-offs, which totaled 26.5 million, 38.7 million and 39.4 million, respectively. 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses reflects an amount deemed appropriate to adequately cover all expected future losses as of the date the allowance is determined based on our allowance for credit losses assessment methodology. At December 31, 2022, our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans was 1.04 , down from 1.12 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Noninterest Income. Our noninterest income is composed of several components, some of which vary significantly between annual periods. Service charges on deposit accounts and other noninterest income generally reflect our growth, while investment services, fees from the origination of mortgage loans, swap fees and gains or losses on the sale of securities will often reflect market conditions and fluctuate from period to period. 
 
 The following is our noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (in thousands): Years ended December 31, 2022 - 2021 Percent Increase (Decrease) Year ended December 31, 2021 - 2020 Percent Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 2020 Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts 44,675 41,311 8.1 34,282 20.5 Investment services 46,441 37,917 22.5 29,537 28.4 Insurance sales commissions 12,186 10,516 15.9 10,055 4.6 Gains on mortgage loans sold, net 7,268 32,424 (77.6) 60,042 (46.0) Investment gains on sales, net 156 759 (79.5) 986 (23.0) Trust fees 23,511 20,724 13.5 16,496 25.6 Income from equity method investment 145,466 122,274 19.0 83,539 46.4 Other noninterest income: Interchange and other consumer fees 68,022 57,263 18.8 40,960 39.8 Bank-owned life insurance 21,033 18,942 11.0 18,784 0.8 Loan swap fees 5,812 5,414 7.4 4,568 18.5 SBA loan sales 7,036 12,242 (42.5) 5,579 >100 Income from other equity investments 10,605 23,109 (54.1) 1,072 >100 Other noninterest income 23,913 12,839 86.3 11,940 7.5 Total other noninterest income 136,421 129,809 5.1 82,903 56.6 Total noninterest income 416,124 395,734 5.2 317,840 24.5 
 
 The increase in service charges on deposit accounts in 2022 compared to 2021 and 2021 compared to 2020 is is the result of increased transaction volumes in commercial checking accounts which we believe is the result of the increased economic activity in our markets in each of the periods presented. We expect future service charge revenues to be negatively impacted by the changes to our insufficient funds programs implemented in the second half of 2022 as a result of which we eliminated NSF fees on consumer accounts, reduced overdraft fees for paid items, established an overdraft cushion of 15 for consumers and reduced the maximum number of overdraft paid item charges per day. 

57 

Income from our wealth management groups (investments, insurance and trust) is also included in noninterest income. Commissions and fees from investment services at our financial advisory unit, Pinnacle Asset Management, a division of Pinnacle Bank, and fees from our wealth advisory group, PNFP Capital Markets, Inc., were 46.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 37.9 million during 2021 and 29.5 million during 2020, reflecting increases in brokerage assets. At December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Asset Management was receiving commissions and fees in connection with approximately 8.0 billion in brokerage assets compared to 7.2 billion and 5.5 billion at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Revenues from the sale of insurance products by our insurance agency subsidiaries were approximately 12.2 million during 2022 compared to 10.5 million and 10.1 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, our trust department was receiving fees on approximately 4.6 billion and 2.0 billion of managed and custodied assets, respectively, compared to approximately 4.7 billion and 2.1 billion at December 31, 2021 and 3.3 billion and 1.7 billion at December 31, 2020. We believe the improvement in the results of our wealth management businesses in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily attributable to an increased number of wealth management advisors and corresponding client acquisition while the improvement between 2021 and 2020 is primarily attributable to increased market valuations reflective of a stabilizing economy following the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Gains on mortgage loans sold, net, consists of fees from the origination and sale of mortgage loans. These mortgage fees are for loans primarily originated in our current markets that are subsequently sold to third-party investors. Substantially all of these loan sales transfer servicing rights to the buyer. Generally, mortgage origination fees increase in lower interest rate environments and more robust housing markets and decrease in rising interest rate environments and more challenging housing markets. Mortgage origination fees will fluctuate from period to period as the rate environment changes. Gains on mortgage loans sold, net, were 7.3 million, 32.4 million and 60.0 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The decreases in 2022 compared to 2021 and 2021 compared to 2020 are the direct result of the increases in the rate environment negatively impacting both refinancing and new purchase originations. We hedge a portion of our mortgage pipeline as part of a mandatory delivery program whereby the hedge protects against changes in the fair value of the pipeline. The hedge is not designated as a hedge for GAAP purposes and, as such, changes in its fair value are recorded directly through the income statement. The change in the fair value of the outstanding mortgage pipeline at the end of any reporting period will directly impact the amount of gain recorded for mortgage loans held for sale during that reporting period. At December 31, 2022, the mortgage pipeline included 46.9 million in loans expected to close in 2023 compared to 136.7 million in loans at December 31, 2021 expected to close in 2022. 
 
 Investment gains and losses on sales, net, represent the net gains and losses on sales of investment securities in our available-for-sale securities portfolio during the periods noted. For the year ended December 31, 2022, investment gains (losses) on sales, net, represent a 156,000 net pre-tax gain we recognized upon the sale of 29.5 million of investment securities compared to a 759,000 net pre-tax gain we recognized upon the sale of 37.5 million of investment securities in 2021 compared to a 986,000 net pre-tax gain on the sale of 145.6 million of investment securities in 2020. 
 
 Income from equity-method investment. Income from equity-method investment is comprised solely of income from our 49 equity-method investment in BHG. Prior to September 30, 2022, we held a portion of this investment at Pinnacle Financial and a portion at Pinnacle Bank. Effective September 30, 2022, Pinnacle Financial contributed 100 of the equity interests of BHG owned by it to Pinnacle Bank. BHG is engaged in the origination of commercial and consumer loans largely to healthcare providers and other skilled professionals throughout the United States. The loans originated by BHG are either financed by secured borrowings or sold to independent financial institutions and investors. 
 
 Income from this equity-method investment was 145.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 122.3 million and 83.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increased level of contribution we experienced from BHG in 2022 as compared to 2021 as compared to 2020 reflects the positive results BHG experienced as a result of enhancements to its business model, including its marketing efforts. Results in 2021 as compared to 2020 also included a diminished impact from the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting release of reserves BHG built in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Historically, BHG has sold the majority of the loans it originates to a network of bank purchasers through a combination of online auctions, direct sales and its direct purchase option. In recent years, BHG began an effort to retain more loans on its balance sheet. BHG s decision to sell loans through its auction platform or retain loans on its balance sheet will be impacted by a variety of factors, including interest rates as well as demand levels from the community bank network of buyers to whom BHG markets these loans. In a rising rate environment, it may choose to sell more loans through its auction platform if the cost of financing loans on its balance sheet is not as attractive as a sale through its auction platform. During the fourth quarter of 2022, BHG accelerated its strategy of retaining more loans on its balance sheet, which was aided by expanding its liquidity platform through the establishment of three new borrowing facilities. These facilities, which are secured by loans on BHG's balance sheet, represent incremental funding sources to BHG. At December 31, 2022, BHG had fully drawn on one of these funding sources, a 500 million facility from a U.S. asset manager which carried an annualized interest rate of 7.95 percent. As a result of drawing on this facility, BHG elected to place fewer loans though its auction platform in the fourth quarter of 2022. Since 2020, BHG has completed six securitizations totaling 2.1 billion, with the latest securitization of 412 million having been completed in the third quarter of 2022. We anticipate that BHG will complete additional securitizations in the future or otherwise establish other borrowing facilities to facilitate the retention of additional loans on BHG's balance sheet. 
 58 

Income from equity-method investment is recorded net of amortization expense associated with customer lists and other intangible assets of 512,000, 752,000 and 1.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there were 6.3 million of these intangible assets that are expected to be amortized in lesser amounts over the next 13 years. Also included in income from equity-method investment, is accretion income associated with the fair value of certain of BHG's liabilities of 718,000, 1.5 million and 2.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there were 500,000 of these liabilities that are expected to be accreted into income in lesser amounts over the next four years. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank received 63.1 million, 70.0 million and 53.0 million in dividends in the aggregate from BHG. Dividends from BHG during such periods reduced the carrying amount of our investment in BHG, while earnings from BHG during such periods increased the carrying amount of our investment in BHG. Profits from intercompany transactions are eliminated. Our proportionate share of earnings from BHG is included in our consolidated tax return. BHG partners with third party lenders, including Pinnacle Bank, to facilitate loan originations as part of BHG s alternative financing portfolio, whereby BHG acts as the marketing firm and refers loans to the third party lenders for funding. The third party lenders receive a fee for each loan funded and subsequently sold to BHG. These loans are ultimately sold through BHG's network of clients, which includes Pinnacle Bank. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, BHG purchased 1.0 billion, 646.6 million and 453.8 million of loans originated by Pinnacle Bank, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Pinnacle Bank purchased 125.6 million, 276.7 million and 100.0 million, respectively, of loans from BHG at par pursuant to BHG's joint venture loan program whereby BHG and Pinnacle Bank share proportionately in the credit risk of the acquired loans based on the rate on the loan and the rate of the purchase. The yield on this portfolio to Pinnacle Bank is anticipated to be between 4.50 and 6.00 per annum. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 350.6 million and 319.1 million, respectively, of BHG joint venture program loans held by Pinnacle Bank. 
 
 As our ownership interest in BHG is 49 and our representatives do not occupy a majority of the seats on BHG's board of managers, we do not consolidate BHG's results of operations or financial position into our financial statements but record the net result of BHG's activities at our percentage ownership in income from equity-method investment in noninterest income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, BHG reported 1.1 billion in gross revenues, net of substitution losses of 101.7 million, compared to 735.5 million and 457.9 million in gross revenues, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, net of substitution losses of 91.8 million and 90.6 million, respectively. Earnings from BHG are likely to fluctuate from period-to-period. Approximately 640.7 million, or 57.7 , of BHG's revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to gains on the sale of commercial and consumer loans compared to 507.5 million, or 69.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 347.4 million, or 75.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2020. These loans have typically been sold by BHG with no recourse to a network of community banks and other financial institutions at a premium to the par value of the loan, although the purchaser may access a BHG cash reserve account of up to 3 of the loan balance to support loan payments. BHG retains no servicing or other responsibilities related to the loan once sold. As a result, this gain on sale premium represents BHG's compensation for absorbing the costs to originate the loan as well as marketing expenses associated with maintaining its business model. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 5.5 billion and 4.1 billion, respectively, of these loans previously sold by BHG that were being actively serviced by BHG's network of bank purchasers. BHG, at its sole option, may also provide purchasers of these loans the ability to substitute the acquired loan with another more recently-issued BHG loan should the previously-acquired loan become at least 90-days past due as to its monthly payments. As a result, BHG maintained a liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 313.9 million and 207.3 million, respectively, that represents an estimate of the future losses for the outstanding previously sold loan portfolio that may be subject to future substitution due to payment default or prepayment. This liability represents 5.7 and 5.0 , respectively, of loans previously sold by BHG that remain outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in this liability for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was principally the result of an increase in the amount of loans sold by BHG to financial institutions and increases in BHG management's estimate of future substitution losses due to economic uncertainty. 
 
 In addition to these loans that BHG sells into its auction market, at December 31, 2022, BHG reported balance sheet loans totaling 3.6 billion compared to 2.2 billion as of December 31, 2021. A portion of these loans do not qualify for sale accounting and accordingly an offsetting secured borrowing liability has been recorded. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, BHG had 2.7 billion and 1.6 billion, respectively, of secured borrowings associated with loans held for investment. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, BHG reported allowance for loan losses totaling 146.9 million and 46.7 million, respectively, with respect to the loans on its balance sheet. The increase in allowance for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was principally the result of growth in the balance sheet loan portfolio and the uncertain economic environment. BHG records its allowance for loan losses under the incurred loss method, but will be required to adopt CECL effective October 1, 2023. Interest income and fees associated with these on-balance sheet loans amounted to 431.8 million, 208.5 million and 92.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

59 

Pinnacle Bank has a participating interest in a 750.0 million revolving line of credit for the benefit of BHG in the amount of 150.0 million and a 150.0 million line of credit for the benefit of BHG in the amount of 30.0 million. At December 31, 2022, there was 88.3 million and 10.0 million outstanding balances on the lines related to Pinnacle Bank's interest in the lines, respectively. The lines accrue interest at SOFR plus 200 basis points and are secured by all assets of BHG. The credit agreements contain covenants requiring BHG to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain other affirmative and negative covenants. At December 31, 2022, neither BHG nor the originating bank had represented to Pinnacle Bank that BHG was not in compliance, in all material respects, with these covenants. 
 
 Included in other noninterest income are interchange and other consumer fees, gains from bank-owned life insurance, swap fees earned for the facilitation of derivative transactions for our clients, SBA loan sales, gains or losses on other equity investments and other noninterest income items. Interchange revenues increased 18.8 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021 due to increased commercial credit card volumes period-over-period. Other noninterest income also included changes in the cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance (BOLI) which was 21.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 18.9 million and 18.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The assets that support these policies are administered by the life insurance carriers and the income we recognize (i.e., increases or decreases in the cash surrender value of the policies) on these policies is dependent upon the crediting rates applied by the insurance carriers, which are subject to change at the discretion of the carriers, subject to any applicable floors. Earnings on these policies generally are not taxable. During 2022, we purchased an additional 100 million of bank owned life insurance. We made no purchases of BOLI policies in 2021. Loan swap fees increased by 398,000 and 846,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same periods in 2021 and 2020, respectively, due primarily to a change in the volume of activity resulting from the then current interest rate environment. SBA loan sales are also included in other noninterest income and fluctuate based on the current market conditions which is reflected in the decrease in 2022 as compared to 2021. Additionally, the carrying values of other equity investments are adjusted either upwards or downwards from the transaction price to reflect expected exit values as evidenced by financing and sale transactions with third parties, or when determination of a valuation adjustment is confirmed through financial reports provided by the portfolio managers of the investment. Income related to these investments decreased 12.5 million during 2022 when compared to 2021 and increased 22.0 million during 2021 when compared to 2020 each as a result of several of our venture fund investments experiencing increased valuations in their underlying portfolios during the year ended December 31, 2022, but at lower amounts than those experienced during the same period in 2021. The other components of other noninterest income increased 11.1 million in 2022 when compared to 2021 and is largely the result of a 5.5 million gain on remeasurement of our previously held equity investment in JB B, resulting from our bank subsidiary's acquisition on March 1, 2022 of the 80 equity interests of JB B it did not previously own. The other components of other noninterest income changed only slightly during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020 and include all other noninterest income not included in the above noted categories. 
 
 Noninterest Expense. The following is our noninterest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (in thousands): Years ended December 31, 2022 - 2021 Percent Increase (Decrease) Year ended December 31, 2021 - 2020 Percent Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 2020 Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits: Salaries 293,167 241,775 21.3 215,542 12.2 Commissions 24,840 22,286 11.5 15,677 42.2 Cash and equity incentives 116,984 109,290 7.0 52,878 >100 Employee benefits and other 75,184 62,655 20.0 50,386 24.4 Total salaries and employee benefits 510,175 436,006 17.0 334,483 30.4 Equipment and occupancy 109,672 95,250 15.1 88,475 7.7 Other real estate (benefit) expense, net 280 (712) >100 8,555 

Years ended December 31, 2022 - 2021 Percent Increase (Decrease) Year ended December 31, 2021 - 2020 Percent Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 2020 Other noninterest expense: Deposit related expenses 28,972 24,003 20.7 24,392 (1.6) Lending related expenses 52,700 39,578 33.2 28,703 37.9 Wealth management related expenses 2,565 1,950 31.5 2,053 (5.0) Audit, exam and insurance expense 9,209 11,259 (18.2) 10,596 6.3 FHLB restructuring charges 15,168 (100.0) Administrative and other expenses 27,375 23,169 18.2 23,725 (2.3) Total other noninterest expense 120,821 99,959 20.9 104,637 (4.5) Total noninterest expense 779,999 660,104 18.2 564,455 16.9 
 
 The increase in total salaries and employee benefits expense in 2022 over 2021 is primarily the result of increases in our associate base as well as annual merit increases awarded in the first quarter of 2022. Also contributing to the increase for 2022 compared to 2021 was cash and equity incentives which were up 7.7 million, or 7.0 . The increase in total salaries and employee benefits expense in 2021 over 2020 is primarily the result of an increase in expenses associated with our annual cash incentive plan as well as stock-based compensation expense due to our performance during 2021 compared to 2020. Our performance in 2020 was notably impacted by the effects of COVID-19 on our anticipated earnings and performance for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our associate base had expanded to 3,241.5 full-time equivalent associates as compared to 2,841.0 and 2,634.0 at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily resulting from our efforts to continue to hire experienced bankers and other associates throughout our footprint. We expect salary and benefit expenses will rise in 2023 compared to 2022 as we continue our focus on hiring experienced bankers in our markets as well as due to our increased associate base and annual merit increases given in the first quarter of each fiscal year. 
 
 Commissions expense represents compensation paid to our wealth management lines of business including investment services, trust, insurance and capital markets. Commissions expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 11.5 greater than in 2021 which was 42.2 greater than in 2020. The increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 and 2021 as compared to 2020 is primarily related to growth in our investment portfolio commissions as a result of increased activity in our wealth management lines of business and an increase in the number of wealth management associates. Commissions expense incurred related to the production of residential mortgages is recorded net of the related mortgage revenues. 
 
 We believe that cash and equity incentives are a valuable tool in motivating an associate base that is focused on providing our clients effective financial advice and increasing shareholder value. As a result, and unlike many other financial institutions, all of our bank's non-commissioned associates participate in our annual cash incentive plan with a minimum targeted bonus equal to 10 of each associate's annual salary, and all of our bank's associates participate in our equity compensation plans. Under the 2022 annual cash incentive plan, the targeted level of incentive payments required achievement of a certain soundness threshold and a targeted level of quarterly pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue (PPNR) and annual earnings per common share (subject to certain adjustments). To the extent that the soundness threshold is met and PPNR and earnings per common share are above or below the targeted amount, the aggregate incentive payments are increased or decreased. Historically, we have paid between 0 and 125 of our targeted incentives. For 2022, maximum payouts under the plan could reach approximately 125 of target compared to 160 of target for 2021. 
 
 Cash incentives for 2022 totaled 76.8 million, compared to 84.1 million in 2021 and 33.9 million in 2020. The decrease in 2022 when compared to 2021 was the result of achieving 123 of target in 2022 compared to 160 of target for 2021. The increase in 2021 when compared to 2020 was primarily the result of the increase in the percentage of target of the payout from 65 of target in 2020 to 160 of target in 2021. As a result of our performance in 2020 the threshold for the plan's EPS target was not met, which resulted in a reduction in incentives earned under the annual cash incentive plan. In the third quarter of 2020, due to the effects of COVID-19 pandemic, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of our board of directors approved an additional performance metric under the annual cash incentive plan tied to our adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue for the year ending December 31, 2020 PPNR ). Payouts for all participants based on the PPNR metric were between 15 and 25 of their targeted payouts under the plan at target and maximum performance levels. As a result of the addition of the PPNR performance metric, participants in the plan were able to earn a cash incentive payout under the plan based on the larger of the original plan metrics and the new PPNR performance metric and the original deposit volume and rate goals under the plan. The PPNR metric and the original deposit volume and rate goals were achieved at the maximum performance, resulting in payouts of 50 of the targeted payout; however, due to our results for 2020 and in consideration of the considerable effort our associates put forth during unusually difficult circumstances in 2020, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee approved an increase in the calculated award from 50 percent of target to 65 percent of 
 61 

target, which amounted to 6.8 million of additional expense in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 
 Also included in cash and equity incentives for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were approximately 14.5 million, 12.1 million and 12.1 million, respectively, of compensation expenses related to equity-based restricted share awards and approximately 25.0 million, 12.9 million and 6.6 million, respectively, of compensation expenses related to equity-based restricted share units with either time-based or performance-based vesting criteria. We have not issued stock options since 2008. Under our equity incentive plans, we provide a broad-based equity incentive program for all of our bank's associates. We believe that equity incentives provide a vehicle for all associates to become meaningful shareholders of Pinnacle Financial over an extended period of time and create a shareholder-centric culture throughout our organization. 
 
 Our compensation expense associated with performance-based vesting equity awards for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 12.1 million when compared to the same period in 2021 and 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 when compared to the same period in 2020. The increase when comparing 2021 to 2020 was primarily as a result of the fact that our performance in 2021 in regards to return on average tangible common equity and tangible book value per share accretion performance metrics relative to our peers provided for an above-target level payout. In January 2021, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of our board of directors approved modifications to the performance metrics applicable to the 2021 and 2022 performance periods of our performance units previously awarded. These modifications replaced the return on average tangible assets performance metrics with two equally weighted metrics return on average tangible common equity and tangible book value per share accretion including the impact of common dividends. Performance awards granted in January 2021 also utilize these modified metrics, as well as a relative total shareholder return ("TSR") payout modifier. In 2022, we again granted performance-based vesting equity awards with performance metrics tied to peer relative performance for return on average tangible common equity and tangible book value per share accretion, together with a TSR modifier, in each case over a three-year performance period. We also approved a special performance-based vesting restricted stock unit award to each of our named executive officers and our chief credit officer in 2022 with performance metrics tied to the ratio of our price to earnings and price to tangible book value per share relative to those measures for a peer group of companies. As a result, our compensation expense associated with performance-based equity awards for 2022 exceeded those levels that we recorded in 2021. 
 
 Our compensation expense associated with equity awards with time-based vesting criteria increased 2.4 million during 2022 when compared to 2021 and 2020. The change in this balance is a product of the hiring and termination of the associates during the respective periods and the number of equity grants given to associates during the respective periods as well as the grant date fair value of these equity grants. 
 
 Employee benefits and other expenses include costs associated with our 401k plan, health insurance, payroll taxes and contract labor. These expenses increased by 12.5 million, or 20.0 , in 2022 compared to 2021 which increased by 12.3 million, or 24.4 , in 2021 compared to 2020. These increases reflect the increase in our associate base in the respective periods, and in the case of our health insurance costs, increases in the premiums we paid for this coverage in 2022 compared to 2021 premium levels. 
 
 Our operating lease commitments are primarily related to our branch and headquarters facilities. The terms of these leases expire at various points ranging from 2023 through 2058. At December 31, 2022, our total minimum operating lease commitment was 159.0 million. Equipment and occupancy expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 15.1 greater than in 2021 which was 7.7 greater than in 2020. The increases are in part the result of the five new leased office locations that were opened, one in Virginia, one in Alabama, one in the North Carolina market and the two others in the Tennessee market during the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect to incur additional costs in future periods as we continue to enhance and expand our current locations, including in our new markets, and further develop our technology infrastructure. Additionally, during 2021, we announced our intention to move our corporate headquarters to an office tower under construction in Nashville, where we are a founding partner and sponsor of the project. This move is currently planned for 2025 and will impact equipment and occupancy costs as we plan for this move. 

Other real estate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was an expense of 280,000 compared to a benefit of 712,000 in 2021 and expense of 8.6 million in 2020. The increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 was the result of net gains of 1.2 million on the sale of other real estate in 2021 compared to 200,000 in 2022. The decrease in 2021 as compared to 2020 was the result of write-downs in 2020 of 8.4 million of previously foreclosed upon properties to market value based on updated appraisals. 
 
 Marketing and business development expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 63.5 greater than in 2021 which was 20.5 greater than in 2020. The primary source of the increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021 is the result of increased associate engagement as we brought back in-person orientation and associate meetings beginning in the first quarter of 2022 as well as increases in client engagement as pandemic-related restrictions lapsed, which was the primary source of increase in 2021 as compared to 2020. We expect these costs to rise modestly and return to more normalized levels during 2023 taking into account anticipated increases associated with the associates we have hired since December 31, 2019. 

62 

Noninterest expense related to the amortization of intangibles was 7.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 8.5 million and 9.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following table outlines our amortizing intangible assets, their initial valuations and their intangible lives as of December 31, 2022: Year acquired Initial Valuation (in millions) Amortizable Life (in years) Remaining Value (in millions) Core Deposit Intangible: Avenue 2016 8.8 9 0.7 BNC 2017 48.1 10 16.4 Book of Business Intangible: Miller Loughry Beach Insurance 2008 1.3 20 0.1 CapitalMark 2015 0.3 16 0.1 BNC Insurance 2017 0.4 20 0.2 BNC Trust 2017 1.9 10 0.8 Advocate Capital 2019 13.6 13 6.2 JB B Capital 2022 6.7 10 5.9 Sweeney Asset Management 2022 0.8 10 0.8 
 
 These assets are being amortized on an accelerated basis which reflects the anticipated life of the underlying assets. Amortization expense related to these assets is estimated to decrease from 7.1 million per year to 2.8 million per year over the next five years with lesser amounts for the remaining amortization period. 
 
 Total other noninterest expenses increased by 20.9 million to 120.8 million during 2022 when compared to 2021 and decreased by 4.7 million to 100.0 million during 2021 when compared to 2020. Included in other noninterest expenses are deposit and lending related expenses, investment and trust sales expenses, audit, exam and insurance expense and administrative expenses. 
 
 Deposit related expenses were up 5.0 million in 2022 when compared to 2021 and were relatively flat when compared to 2020. The increase in 2022 when compared to 2021 was largely the result of increased FDIC assessment costs primarily due to the firm's increased asset base. Lending related expenses, which are costs associated with loan origination as well as operation of our credit card program, increased by 13.1 million and 10.9 million, respectively, in 2022 when compared to 2021 and 2021 when compared to 2020. Audit, exam and insurance expense is comprised of the fees associated with ongoing audit and regulatory exams of our operations as well as the cost of our corporate insurance. Decreases in audit, exam and insurance expense in 2022 as compared to 2021 and 2020 are primarily related to our decision to no longer outsource our internal audit function and the development of that program internally. Also included in other noninterest expense were 15.2 million in restructuring charges associated with our prepayment of 1.1 billion in FHLB advances during 2020. No FHLB restructuring charges were incurred in either 2022 or 2021. Administrative and other expenses increased by 4.2 million during 2022 when compared to 2021 and remained relatively flat decreasing by 556,000 during 2021 when compared to 2020. Included in the increase in 2022 were increases in consultant fees, contributions and other miscellaneous expense items. 
 
 Our efficiency ratio (the ratio of noninterest expense to the sum of net interest income and noninterest income) was 50.5 , 49.7 , and 49.5 for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The efficiency ratio measures the amount of expense that is incurred to generate a dollar of revenue. The efficiency ratio for 2022 compared to 2021 was negatively impacted in part by increased noninterest expense during the period as a result of increased salaries and employee benefits and a decrease in the amount of gains on mortgage loans sold offset, in part, by increased income from our equity method investment in BHG and the impact of a rising interest rate environment. The efficiency ratio for 2021 compared to 2020 was negatively impacted by increases in cash incentives in 2021. Net income for 2022 was 560.7 million compared to 527.3 million in 2021 and 312.3 million in 2020. Fully-diluted net income per common share was 7.17 for 2022 compared to 6.75 for 2021 and 4.03 for 2020. 
 
 Income Taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded income tax expense of 136.8 million compared to 124.6 million and 59.0 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our effective income tax rate was 19.6 , 19.1 and 15.9 , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Our effective tax rate differs from the combined federal and state income tax statutory rate in effect of 26.14 primarily due to our investments in bank-qualified tax-exempt municipal securities, tax benefits from our real estate investment trust and municipal investment subsidiaries, participation in Tennessee's Community Investment Tax Credit (CITC) program, tax benefits associated with share-based compensation, bank-owned life insurance and tax savings from our captive insurance subsidiary, offset in part by the limitation on deductibility of meals and entertainment expense, non-deductible FDIC insurance premiums and non-deductible executive compensation. Our tax rate in each period was impacted by the vesting and exercise of equity-based awards previously granted under our equity-based compensation program, resulting in a tax benefit of 3.0 million, 2.5 million and 417,000, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 63 

Financial Condition 
 
 Our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 reflects an increase of 5.6 billion in outstanding loans to 29.0 billion and an increase of 3.7 billion in total deposits to 35.0 billion from December 31, 2021. Total assets were 42.0 billion at December 31, 2022 as compared to 38.5 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Loans. The composition of loans at December 31 for each of the past three years and the percentage ) of each segment to total loans is summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 2022 2021 2020 Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Commercial real estate: Owner-occupied 3,587,257 12.3 3,048,822 13.0 2,802,227 12.5 Non-owner occupied 6,542,619 22.5 5,221,704 22.3 5,203,384 23.2 Consumer real estate - mortgage 4,435,046 15.3 3,680,684 15.7 3,099,172 13.8 Construction and land development 3,679,498 12.7 2,903,017 12.4 2,901,746 12.9 Commercial and industrial 10,241,362 35.3 8,074,546 34.5 8,038,457 35.9 Consumer and other 555,823 1.9 485,489 2.1 379,515 1.7 Total loans 29,041,605 100.0 23,414,262 100.0 1 22,424,501 100.0 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our loan portfolio composition had changed modestly from the composition at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, approximately 35.4 of the outstanding principal balance of our commercial real estate loans was secured by owner-occupied commercial real estate properties compared to 36.9 at December 31, 2021. Owner-occupied commercial real estate is similar in many ways to our commercial and industrial lending in that these loans are generally made to businesses on the basis of the cash flows of the business rather than on the valuation of the real estate. Additionally, the construction and land development segment continues to be a meaningful portion of our portfolio and reflects the development in the local economies in which we operate and is diversified between commercial, residential and land. 
 
 The following table presents the maturity distribution of our loan portfolio by loan segment at December 31, 2022 according to contractual maturities of (1) one year or less, (2) after one but within five years, (3) after five but within fifteen years and (4) after fifteen years. The table also presents the portion of loans by loan segment that have fixed interest rates or variable interest rates that fluctuate over the life of the loans in accordance with changes in an interest rate index (dollars in thousands): 
 Due in one year or less After one but within five years After five but within fifteen years After fifteen years Total Commercial real estate: Owner-occupied 241,428 1,453,554 1,493,014 399,261 3,587,257 Non-owner occupied 1,169,249 4,418,946 883,776 70,648 6,542,619 Consumer real estate - mortgage 76,473 478,160 354,866 3,525,547 4,435,046 Construction and land development 1,105,540 2,176,253 324,429 73,276 3,679,498 Commercial and industrial 2,701,801 5,428,061 1,778,089 333,411 10,241,362 Consumer and other 155,427 294,280 61,083 45,033 555,823 Total loans 5,449,918 14,249,254 4,895,257 4,447,176 29,041,605 Loans with fixed interest rates: Commercial real estate: Owner-occupied 110,886 1,043,202 1,097,072 287,742 2,538,902 Non-owner occupied 453,265 2,528,311 517,639 53,227 3,552,442 Consumer real estate - mortgage 42,004 342,250 139,770 2,052,870 2,576,894 Construction and land development 179,250 486,014 207,073 50,388 922,725 Commercial and industrial 836,746 1,913,219 1,260,409 252,343 4,262,717 Consumer and other 87,322 185,310 59,511 45,030 377,173 Total loans 1,709,473 6,498,306 3,281,474 2,741,600 14,230,853 
 64 

Due in one year or less After one but within five years After five but within fifteen years After fifteen years Total Loans with variable interest rates: Commercial real estate: Owner-occupied 130,542 410,352 395,942 111,519 1,048,355 Non-owner occupied 715,984 1,890,635 366,137 17,421 2,990,177 Consumer real estate - mortgage 34,469 135,910 215,096 1,472,677 1,858,152 Construction and land development 926,290 1,690,239 117,356 22,888 2,756,773 Commercial and industrial 1,865,055 3,514,842 517,680 81,068 5,978,645 Consumer and other 68,105 108,970 1,572 3 178,650 Total loans 3,740,445 7,750,948 1,613,783 1,705,576 14,810,752 
 
 The above information does not consider the impact of scheduled principal payments. Loans totaling 1.3 billion at their contractual floor rate at December 31, 2022 are presented as fixed interest rate loans in the table above. 
 
 Loan Origination Risk Management. We maintain lending policies and procedures designed to maximize lending opportunities within an acceptable level of risk. Management reviews and approves these policies and procedures on a regular basis. A reporting system supplements the review process by providing management with frequent reports related to loans in our portfolio, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies and non-performing loans. Diversification in the loan portfolio is measured and monitored as a means of managing risk associated with fluctuations in economic conditions. 
 
 Underwriting standards are designed to promote relationship banking rather than transactional banking. Management examines current and projected cash flows to determine the expected ability of a borrower to repay its obligations as agreed. Commercial and industrial loans are primarily underwritten based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and generally are collateralized by business assets and may have a personal guaranty of business principals. Collateral pledged may include the assets being financed or other assets such as accounts receivable, inventory or equipment. Some loans may be advanced on an unsecured basis. 
 
 Commercial real estate-mortgage loans are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial and industrial loans. These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and are underwritten based on the ability of the property (in the case of income producing property), or the borrower's business (if owner-occupied) to generate sufficient cash flow to amortize the debt. Secondary emphasis is placed upon collateral value and the financial strength of guarantors, if any. Commercial real estate loans may be adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. As detailed in the discussion of real estate loans below, the properties securing our commercial real estate portfolio generally are diverse in terms of type and industry and we measure and monitor concentrations regularly. We believe this diversity helps reduce our exposure to adverse economic events that affect any single industry or type of real estate product. Management monitors and evaluates commercial real estate loans based on cash flow, collateral, geography and risk grade criteria. We also utilize third-party experts to provide insight and guidance about economic conditions and trends affecting market areas we serve. 
 
 Construction loans are underwritten utilizing independent appraisals, sensitivity analysis of absorption and lease rates, financial analysis of the developers and property owners, and expectations of the permanent mortgage market, among other items. Construction loans are generally based upon estimates of costs and appraised value associated with the completed project, which may be inaccurate. Construction loans involve the disbursement of funds during construction with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the ultimate project. Sources of repayment for these types of loans may be sales of developed property, refinancing in the permanent mortgage market or an interim loan commitment from us until permanent financing is obtained. These loans are closely monitored by on-site inspections and are considered to have higher risks than other real estate loans because their ultimate repayment depends on the satisfactory completion of construction and is sensitive to interest rate changes, governmental regulation of real property, general economic conditions and the availability of long-term financing. 
 
 We also originate consumer loans, including consumer real-estate loans, where we typically use a computer-based credit scoring analysis to supplement the underwriting process. To monitor and manage consumer loan risk, policies and procedures are developed and modified, as needed, jointly by line and staff personnel. This activity, coupled with relatively small loan amounts that are spread across many individual borrowers, seeks to minimize risk. Additionally, trend and outlook reports are reviewed by management on a regular basis. Underwriting standards for home equity loans are heavily influenced by statutory requirements. 
 
 We also maintain an independent loan review department that reviews and validates the credit risk program on a periodic basis. Results of these reviews are presented to management and the risk committee of our board of directors. The loan review process complements and reinforces the risk identification and assessment decisions made by lenders and credit personnel, as well as our policies and procedures. 
 
 65 

Lending Concentrations. We periodically analyze our loan portfolio to determine if a concentration of credit risk exists to any one or more industries. We use broadly accepted industry classification systems in order to classify borrowers into various industry classifications. We have a credit exposure (loans outstanding plus unfunded commitments) exceeding 25 of Pinnacle Bank's total risk-based capital to borrowers in the following industries at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 
 At December 31, 2022 Outstanding Principal Balances Unfunded Commitments Total exposure Total Exposure at December 31, 2021 Lessors of nonresidential buildings 4,911,231 2,146,814 7,058,045 5,368,638 Lessors of residential buildings 1,865,903 1,859,283 3,725,186 2,566,352 New housing for-sale builders 760,771 1,002,318 1,763,089 1,534,789 Music publishers 634,778 492,858 1,127,636 529,886 
 
 Banking regulations have established guidelines for the construction and land development ratio of less than 100 of total risk-based capital and for the non-owner occupied ratio of less than 300 . Should a bank s ratios be in excess of these guidelines, banking regulations generally require an increased level of monitoring in these lending areas by bank management. Both ratios are calculated by dividing certain types of loan balances for each of the two categories by Pinnacle Bank s total risk-based capital. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Pinnacle Bank s construction and land development loans as a percentage of total risk-based capital were 85.9 and 79.1 , respectively. Non-owner occupied commercial real estate and multifamily loans (including construction and development loans) were 249.6 and 234.1 of total risk-based capital for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Pinnacle Bank was within the 100 and 300 guidelines throughout 2022 and has established what it believes to be appropriate controls to monitor its lending in these areas as it aims to keep the level of these loans to below the 100 and 300 thresholds over the long-term though there may be periods where we exceed these levels if loan growth is more heavily weighted to these types of loans. 
 
 Loans in Past Due Status. The following table is a summary of our loans that were past due at least 30 days but less than 89 days and 90 days or more past due as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Loans past due 30 to 89 days: Commercial real estate: Owner occupied 2,727 727 Non-owner occupied 407 1,434 Consumer real estate mortgage 13,718 8,832 Construction and land development 323 61 Commercial and industrial 29,170 7,603 Consumer and other 5,744 2,283 Total loans past due 30 to 89 days 52,089 20,940 Loans past due 90 days or more: Commercial real estate: Owner occupied 1,139 2,426 Non-owner occupied 1,681 645 Consumer real estate mortgage 9,094 4,450 Construction and land development 130 127 Commercial and industrial 9,428 7,311 Consumer and other 746 372 Total loans past due 90 days or more 22,218 15,331 Ratios: Loans past due 30 to 89 days as a percentage of total loans 0.18 0.09 Loans past due 90 days or more as a percentage of total loans 0.08 0.06 Total loans in past due status as a percentage of total loans 0.26 0.15 
 
 Potential Problem Loans. Potential problem loans amounted to approximately 53.8 million, or 0.2 of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2022, compared to 109.6 million, or 0.5 of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2021. Potential problem loans, which are not included in nonperforming loans, represent those loans with a well-defined weakness and where information about possible credit problems of borrowers has caused management to have doubts about the borrower's ability to comply with present 
 66 

repayment terms. This definition is believed to be substantially consistent with the standards established by Pinnacle Bank's primary regulators for loans classified as substandard or worse, but not considered nonperforming loans. None of the potential problem loans were past due at least 30 but less than 90 days as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Non-Performing Assets and Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDR). At December 31, 2022, we had 46.1 million in nonperforming assets compared to 40.1 million at December 31, 2021. Included in nonperforming assets were 38.1 million in nonaccruing loans and 8.0 million in other real estate owned and other nonperforming assets at December 31, 2022 and 31.6 million in nonaccruing loans and 8.5 million in other real estate owned and other nonperforming assets at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 2.2 million and 2.4 million, respectively, of TDRs that were performing as of the restructured date and remain on accrual status. Nonaccruing loans totaled 73.8 million, or 0.3 of total loans, at December 31, 2020. 
 
 All nonaccruing loans are reassigned to a special assets officer who was not responsible for originating the loan. The special assets officer is responsible for developing an action plan designed to minimize our future losses. Typically, these special assets officers review our loan files, interview prior officers assigned to the relationship, meet with borrowers, inspect collateral, reappraise collateral and/or consult with legal counsel. The special assets officer then recommends an action plan to a committee of senior associates including lenders and workout specialists, which could include foreclosing on collateral, restructuring the loan, issuing demand letters or other actions. We discontinue the accrual of interest income when (1) there is a significant deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower and full repayment of principal and interest is not expected or (2) the principal or interest is more than 90 days past due, unless the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized no interest income related to nonaccruing loans. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of nonaccruing loans totaled 788.8 , 833.8 and 386.1 , respectively. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans (allowance). On January 1, 2020, we adopted FASB ASU 2016-13, which introduced the current expected credit losses ("CECL") methodology and required us to estimate all expected credit losses over the remaining life of our loan portfolio. Accordingly, the allowance for credit losses represents an amount that, in management's evaluation, is adequate to provide coverage for all expected future credit losses on outstanding loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our allowance for credit losses was 300.7 million and 263.2 million, respectively, which our management deemed to be adequate at each of the respective dates. Our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans was 1.04 at December 31, 2022, down from 1.12 at December 31, 2021. No allowance for credit losses has been recorded for PPP loans as they are fully guaranteed by the SBA. 
 
 Our CECL models rely largely on recent historical and projected future macroeconomic conditions to estimate future credit losses. Macroeconomic factors used in the model include the national unemployment rate, gross domestic product, the commercial real estate price index and certain U.S. Treasury interest rates. Projections of these macroeconomic factors, obtained from an independent third party, are utilized to predict quarterly rates of default. 
 
 Under the CECL methodology, the allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective basis for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics, and for loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with the collectively evaluated pools, evaluations are performed on an individual basis. Losses are predicted over a period of time determined to be reasonable and supportable, and at the end of the reasonable and supportable period losses are reverted to long term historical averages. At December 31, 2022, a reasonable and supportable period of twenty-four months was utilized for all loan segments followed by a twelve month straight line reversion period to long term averages. 
 
 The following table sets forth, based on management's best estimate, the allocation of the allowance for credit losses on loans to categories of loans and loan balances by category and the percentage of loans in each category to total loans and allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans within each loan category as of December 31 for each of the past two years (in thousands): 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 Balance at end of period applicable to: Allowance Allocated ) Total Loans ) Allowance to Total Loans ) Loans to Total Loans ) Allowance Allocated ) Total Loans ) Allowance to Total Loans ) Loans to Total Loans ) Commercial real estate: Owner-occupied 26,617 3,587,257 0.74 12.3 19,618 3,048,822 0.64 13.0 Non-owner occupied 40,479 6,542,619 0.62 22.5 58,504 5,221,704 1.12 22.3 Consumer real estate mortgage 36,536 4,435,046 0.82 15.3 32,104 3,680,684 0.87 15.7 Construction and land development 36,114 3,679,498 0.98 12.7 29,429 2,903,017 1.01 12.4 Commercial and industrial 144,353 10,241,362 1.41 35.3 112,340 8,074,546 1.39 34.5 Consumer and other 16,566 555,823 2.98 1.9 11,238 485,489 2.31 2.1 Total 300,665 29,041,605 1.04 100.0 263,233 23,414,262 1.12 100.0 
 67 

The following table presents information related to credit losses on loans by loan segment for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Provision for credit losses Net (charge-offs) recoveries Average loans Ratio of net (charge-offs) recoveries to average loans For the year ended December 31, 2022: Commercial real estate: Owner occupied 6,330 669 3,258,092 0.02 Non-owner occupied (18,027) 2 5,812,052 Consumer real estate - mortgage 3,571 861 4,031,082 0.02 Construction and land development 6,364 321 3,369,233 0.01 Commercial and industrial 55,346 (23,333) 9,162,689 (0.25) Consumer and other 10,395 (5,067) 466,435 (1.08) Total loans 63,979 (26,547) 26,099,583 (0.10) For the year ended December 31, 2021: Commercial real estate: Owner occupied (3,869) 189 2,891,798 0.01 Non-owner occupied (20,811) 183 5,358,828 Consumer real estate - mortgage (2,856) 1,656 3,320,083 0.05 Construction and land development (12,984) 5 2,845,957 Commercial and industrial 52,645 (38,728) 8,154,391 (0.47) Consumer and other 4,781 (2,028) 403,624 (0.50) Total loans 16,906 (38,723) 22,974,681 (0.17) For the year ended December 31, 2020: Commercial real estate: Owner occupied 10,909 (1,281) 2,693,062 (0.05) Non-owner occupied 63,544 365 5,217,596 0.01 Consumer real estate - mortgage 6,206 (1,985) 3,067,694 (0.06) Construction and land development 32,743 147 2,594,505 0.01 Commercial and industrial 73,449 (34,178) 7,873,759 (0.43) Consumer and other 4,691 (2,439) 288,772 (0.84) Total loans 191,542 (39,371) 21,735,388 (0.18) 
 
 Pinnacle Financial's management assesses the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses on a quarterly basis. This assessment includes procedures to estimate the allowance and test the adequacy and appropriateness of the resulting balance. The level of the allowance is based upon management's evaluation of historical default and loss experience, current and projected economic conditions, asset quality trends, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrowers' ability to repay the loan (including the timing of future payments), the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, industry and peer bank loan quality indications and other pertinent factors, including regulatory recommendations. The allowance is increased by provisions charged to expense and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries of amounts previously charged-off. 
 
 Based upon our evaluation of the loan portfolio, we believe the allowance for credit losses on loans to be adequate to absorb our estimate of expected future credit losses on loans outstanding at December 31, 2022. While our policies and procedures used to estimate the allowance for credit losses as well as the resultant provision for credit losses charged to operations are considered adequate by management, they are necessarily approximate and imprecise. There are factors beyond our control, such as conditions in the local and national economy, local real estate market or a particular industry or borrower which may negatively impact, materially, our asset quality and the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses and, thus, the resulting provision for credit losses. 

68 

Investments. Our investment portfolio, consisting primarily of Federal agency bonds, state and municipal securities and mortgage-backed securities, amounted to 6.6 billion and 6.1 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our investment securities to asset ratio was 15.8 at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our investment portfolio serves many purposes including serving as a stable source of income, collateral for public funds and as a potential liquidity source. During 2022, we sold 29.5 million of investment securities for a net pre-tax gain of 156,000 compared to 37.5 million of investment securities for a net pre-tax gain of 759,000 during 2021 and 145.6 million of investment securities for a net pre-tax gain of 986,000 during 2020. These sales were implemented as part of our efforts to reposition our investment portfolio to provide our balance sheet more protection from the then anticipated rate environment in each respective period. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2020 and 2018, we transferred, at fair value, 1.1 billion, 873.6 million and 179.8 million, respectively, of securities from the available-for-sale portfolio to the held-to-maturity portfolio to mitigate the impact of changes in fair value on our common tangible book equity. The related net unrealized after tax losses of 1.5 million, gains of 69.0 million and losses of 2.2 million, respectively, on such transferred securities remained in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and will be amortized over the remaining life of the securities, offsetting the related amortization of discount on the transferred securities. No gains or losses were recognized at the time of transfer. 
 
 A summary of certain aspects of our investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted average life 11.62 years 6.26 years Effective duration ) 
 4.39 4.07 Tax equivalent yield 3.19 2.08 
 ) The metric is presented net of fair value hedges tied to certain investment portfolio holdings. The effective duration of the investment portfolio without the fair value hedges as of December 31, 2022 was 6.07 . 
 
 The following table shows the carrying value of investment securities according to contractual maturity classifications of (1) one year or less, (2) after one year through five years, (3) after five years through ten years, and (4) after ten years as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 U.S. Treasury securities U.S. Government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities State and municipal securities Asset-backed securities Corporate notes and other Totals Amt. Yield Amt. Yield Amt. Yield Amt. Yield Amt. Yield Amt. Yield Amt. Yield At December 31, 2022: Securities available-for-sale: Due in one year or less 1,997 0.41 1,030 1.81 772 1.31 154 0.31 0.00 9,052 2.33 13,005 1.91 Due in one year through five years 0.00 159,149 1.19 45,400 2.04 5,012 3.64 4,875 1.33 29,351 3.05 243,787 1.63 Due in five years through ten years 0.00 235,978 1.65 471,399 1.74 21,352 2.98 407 2.07 397,470 2.49 1,126,606 2.00 Due after ten years 192,187 3.13 0.00 454,005 2.52 1,385,788 4.12 112,121 1.64 31,371 3.64 2,175,472 3.54 194,184 3.10 396,157 1.48 971,576 2.11 1,412,306 4.10 117,403 1.62 467,244 2.60 3,558,870 2.91 Securities held-to-maturity: Due in one year or less 1,994 1.49 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 1,994 1.49 Due in one year through five years 90,744 1.01 304,742 2.19 3,887 1.79 2,472 3.17 35,494 4.77 29,936 2.07 467,275 2.15 Due in five years through ten years 0.00 69,513 3.70 246,514 3.08 14,311 1.98 8,427 2.82 49,857 2.05 388,622 3.01 Due after ten years 0.00 0.00 162,718 1.53 1,910,995 3.32 140,320 2.58 8,734 2.16 2,222,767 3.14 92,738 1.02 374,255 2.47 413,119 2.46 1,927,778 3.31 184,241 3.01 88,527 2.07 3,080,658 2.97 
 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities of mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities because the mortgages or other assets underlying the securities may be called or prepaid with or without penalty. 
 
 Yields have been computed using coupon interest, adding discount accretion or subtracting premium amortization, as appropriate, on a ratable basis over the life of each security. Weighted average yield for each maturity range has been computed on a fully taxable-equivalent basis using the amortized cost of each security in that range. 

69 

Restricted Cash. Our restricted cash balances totaled approximately 31.4 million and 82.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This restricted cash is maintained at other financial institutions as collateral primarily for our derivative portfolio. The decrease in restricted cash is attributable primarily to a decrease in collateral requirements on certain derivative instruments for which the fair value has increased. See Note 14. Derivative Instruments in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Securities Purchased with Agreement to Resell. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 513.3 million and 1.0 billion, respectively, in securities purchased with agreement to resell. This balance is the result of repurchase agreement transactions with a financial institution counterparty. During 2021, these investments allowed us to deploy some of our excess liquidity position into instruments that improved the return on funds in the then historically low interest rate environment. During 2022, we opted to exit certain of these transactions to both fund our loan growth as well as repay certain FHLB advances to best support our firm in the current rising rate environment. Prior to 2021, no securities were purchased with agreement to resell. 
 
 Deposits and Other Borrowings. We had approximately 35.0 billion of deposits at December 31, 2022 compared to 31.3 billion billion at December 31, 2021. Our deposits consist of noninterest and interest-bearing demand accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts and time deposits. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we estimate that we had approximately 15.7 billion and 14.9 billion, respectively, in uninsured deposits, which are the portion of deposit accounts that exceed the FDIC insurance limit. 
 Additionally, we entered into agreements with certain customers to sell certain of our securities under agreements to repurchase the security the following day. These agreements (which are typically associated with comprehensive treasury management programs for our commercial clients and provide the client with short-term returns for their excess funds) amounted to 194.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 152.6 million at December 31, 2021. Average balances for these repurchase agreements were 203.1 million in 2022, 155.9 million in 2021 and 150.1 million in 2020. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, we had borrowed 464.4 million in advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati (FHLB Cincinnati) compared to 888.7 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had an estimated 3.8 billion in additional borrowing capacity with the FHLB Cincinnati; however, incremental borrowings are made via a formal request by us and the subsequent approval by the FHLB Cincinnati. 
 
 Generally, we have classified our funding base as either core funding or non-core funding as shown in the table below. The following table represents the balances of our deposits and other funding and the percentage of each type to the total at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Balance Average Rate Paid Percent of Total Deposits Balance Average Rate Paid Percent of Total Deposits Core funding: Noninterest-bearing deposit accounts 9,812,744 0.00 27.2 10,461,071 0.00 31.9 Interest-bearing demand accounts 5,699,981 1.76 15.8 4,936,735 0.14 15.1 Savings and money market accounts 10,743,225 1.78 29.8 9,792,104 0.18 29.9 Time deposit accounts less than 250,000 1,458,206 1.61 4.0 998,586 0.65 3.0 Reciprocating demand deposit accounts (1) 
 1,709,318 1.48 4.7 1,075,774 0.21 3.3 Reciprocating savings accounts (1) 
 1,566,982 2.45 4.4 1,885,806 0.26 5.8 Reciprocating CD accounts (1) 
 310,621 2.37 0.9 166,836 0.57 0.5 Total core funding 31,301,077 1.19 86.8 29,316,912 0.14 89.5 Non-core funding: Relationship based non-core funding: Other time deposits 1,177,786 2.13 3.3 565,184 0.76 1.7 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 194,910 0.94 0.5 152,559 0.15 0.5 Total relationship based non-core funding 1,372,696 1.92 3.8 717,743 0.65 2.2 Wholesale funding: Brokered deposits 1,939,633 4.66 5.4 1,019,259 0.31 3.1 Brokered time deposits 542,742 2.09 1.5 403,178 1.15 1.2 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 464,436 3.04 1.3 888,681 2.01 2.7 Subordinated debt and other funding 424,055 5.00 1.2 423,172 4.38 1.3 Total wholesale funding 3,370,866 3.91 9.4 2,734,290 1.60 8.3 Total non-core funding 4,743,562 3.40 13.2 3,452,033 1.42 10.5 Totals 36,044,639 1.47 100.0 32,768,945 0.33 100.0 
 (1) The reciprocating categories consists of deposits we receive from a bank network (the IntraFi network) in connection with deposits of our customers in excess of our FDIC coverage limit that we place with the IntraFi network. 
 70 

As noted in the table above, our core funding as a percentage of total funding decreased from 89.5 at December 31, 2021 to 86.8 at December 31, 2022 but remained well above internal policies. Our reliance on non-core funding increased in 2022 as our loan growth outpaced our core deposit growth in the year and our excess levels of liquidity built up in the pandemic also declined as those funds were utilized to fund our loan growth. We remain optimistic that we will be able to grow our levels of core funding as needed during 2023 to fund our balance sheet in a sound manner. We created and implemented several deposit gathering initiatives in 2022 as part of our annual strategic planning process in anticipation of the more challenging deposit gathering environment we began to see developing in the fourth quarter of 2022 and expect will continue into at least the first half of 2023 as M2 money supply levels are projected to decline. When wholesale funding is necessary to complement our core deposit base, management determines which source is best suited to address both liquidity risk management and interest rate risk management objectives. Our Asset Liability Management Policy imposes limitations on overall wholesale funding reliance and on brokered deposit exposure specifically. Both our overall reliance on wholesale funding and exposure to brokered deposits and brokered time deposits increased in 2022 but remained within those policy limitations as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The amount of time deposits as of December 31, 2022 amounted to 3.5 billion. The following table, which includes core, non-core and reciprocal time deposits, shows our time deposits at December 31, 2022 in denominations of under 250,000 and those of denominations of 250,000 and greater by category based on time remaining until maturity of (1) three months or less, (2) over three but less than six months, (3) over six but less than twelve months and (4) over twelve months and the weighted average rate for each category (in thousands): Balances Weighted Avg. Rate Denominations less than 250,000 Three months or less 527,347 1.84 Over three but through six months 508,775 1.87 Over six but through twelve months 709,096 2.40 Over twelve months 435,574 2.77 2,180,792 2.21 Denomination 250,000 and greater Three months or less 439,171 2.58 Over three but through six months 301,930 2.71 Over six but through twelve months 244,611 2.81 Over twelve months 322,851 3.45 1,308,563 2.87 Totals 3,489,355 2.46 
 
 Subordinated debt and other borrowings. Pinnacle Bank receives advances from the FHLB Cincinnati, pursuant to the terms of various borrowing agreements, which assist it in the funding of its home mortgage and commercial real estate loan portfolios. Under the borrowing agreements with the FHLB Cincinnati, Pinnacle Bank has pledged certain qualifying residential mortgage loans and, pursuant to a blanket lien, all qualifying commercial mortgage loans as collateral. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Pinnacle Financial had received advances from the FHLB Cincinnati totaling 464.4 million and 888.7 million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the scheduled maturities of FHLB Cincinnati advances and interest rates are as follows (in thousands): 
 Scheduled maturities Weighted average interest rates (1) 
 2023 2024 2025 116,250 4.85 2026 2027 Thereafter 350,012 2.36 466,262 Deferred costs (1,826) Total Federal Home Loan Bank advances 464,436 Weighted average interest rate 2.98 
 (1) Some FHLB Cincinnati advances include variable interest rates and could increase in the future. The table reflects rates in effect as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 71 

We have established, or through acquisition acquired, twelve statutory business trusts which were established to issue 30-year trust preferred securities and certain other subordinated debt agreements. From time to time we, or our bank subsidiary, have issued subordinated notes to enhance our capital positions. These trust-preferred securities and subordinated notes qualify as Tier 2 capital subject to annual phase outs beginning five years from maturity. These instruments are outlined below (in thousands): Name Date Established Maturity Total Debt Outstanding Interest Rate at December 31, 2022 Coupon Structure Trust preferred securities Pinnacle Statutory Trust I December 29, 2003 December 30, 2033 10,310 7.54 3-month LIBOR + 2.80 Pinnacle Statutory Trust II September 15, 2005 September 30, 2035 20,619 6.13 3-month LIBOR + 1.40 Pinnacle Statutory Trust III September 07, 2006 September 30, 2036 20,619 6.40 3-month LIBOR + 1.65 Pinnacle Statutory Trust IV October 31, 2007 September 30, 2037 30,928 7.62 3-month LIBOR + 2.85 BNC Capital Trust I April 03, 2003 April 15, 2033 5,155 7.33 3-month LIBOR + 3.25 BNC Capital Trust II March 11, 2004 April 07, 2034 6,186 6.93 3-month LIBOR + 2.85 BNC Capital Trust III September 23, 2004 September 23, 2034 5,155 6.48 3-month LIBOR + 2.40 BNC Capital Trust IV September 27, 2006 December 31, 2036 7,217 6.43 3-month LIBOR + 1.70 Valley Financial Trust I June 26, 2003 June 26, 2033 4,124 7.82 3-month LIBOR + 3.10 Valley Financial Trust II September 26, 2005 December 15, 2035 7,217 6.26 3-month LIBOR + 1.49 Valley Financial Trust III December 15, 2006 January 30, 2037 5,155 6.14 3-month LIBOR + 1.73 Southcoast Capital Trust III August 05, 2005 September 30, 2035 10,310 6.23 3-month LIBOR + 1.50 Subordinated Debt Pinnacle Financial Subordinated Notes September 11, 2019 September 15, 2029 300,000 4.13 Fixed (1) 
 Debt issuance costs and fair value adjustment (8,940) Total subordinated debt and other borrowings 424,055 
 (1) Migrates to three month LIBOR + 2.775 (or an alternative benchmark rate plus a comparable spread in the event three month LIBOR is no longer published on such adjustment date) beginning September 15, 2024 through the end of the term. 
 
 On July 30, 2021, Pinnacle Bank redeemed 130.0 million aggregate principal amount of subordinated notes due July 30, 2025. Additionally, Pinnacle Financial redeemed 120.0 million aggregate principal amount of subordinated notes on November 16, 2021 due November 16, 2026. The redemptions were funded with existing cash on hand. Pursuant to regulatory guidelines, once the maturity date on subordinated notes is within five years, a portion of the notes will no longer be eligible to be included in regulatory capital, with an additional portion being excluded each year over the five year period approaching maturity. 
 
 Capital Resources. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our shareholders' equity amounted to 5.5 billion and 5.3 billion, respectively. During 2022, shareholders' equity was negatively impacted by accumulated other comprehensive losses on our available-for-sale securities portfolio that were caused by the rising short-term interest rate environment. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our capital ratios, including our bank's capital ratios, exceeded regulatory minimum capital requirements and those necessary to be considered well-capitalized under applicable federal regulations. See Note 19. Regulatory Matters in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements elsewhere in this Form 10-K for additional information regarding our capital ratios. From time to time we may be required to support the capital needs of our bank (Pinnacle Bank). At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 186.6 million of cash at the parent company that could be used to support our bank. 
 
 Our and our bank subsidiary's capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented in the following table: December 31, 2022 2021 Total capital to risk weighted assets: Pinnacle Financial 12.4 13.8 Pinnacle Bank 11.6 12.6 Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets: Pinnacle Financial 10.5 11.7 Pinnacle Bank 10.9 11.9 Common equity Tier 1 capital: Pinnacle Financial 10.0 10.9 Pinnacle Bank 10.9 11.9 
 72 

December 31, 2022 2021 Tier 1 capital to average assets ): Pinnacle Financial 9.7 9.7 Pinnacle Bank 10.1 9.9 
 ) Average assets for the above calculations were based on the most recent quarter. 
 
 We and our bank subsidiary are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can lead to certain mandatory, and possibly additional discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, we and our bank subsidiary must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Our and Pinnacle Bank's capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 
 As permitted by the interim final rule issued on March 27, 2020 by the federal banking regulatory agencies, both we and our bank subsidiary have elected the option to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which was effective January 1, 2020. The initial impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13, as well as 25 of the quarterly increases in the allowance for credit losses subsequent to adoption of ASU 2016-13 (collectively the transition adjustments ), was delayed through December 31, 2021. Beginning on January 1, 2022, the cumulative amount of the transition adjustments of 68.0 million became fixed and will be phased out of the regulatory capital calculations evenly over a three year period, with 75 recognized in 2022, 50 recognized in 2023, and 25 recognized in 2024. Beginning January 1, 2025, the temporary regulatory capital benefits will be fully reversed. 
 
 We believe we have various capital raising techniques available to us to provide for the capital needs of our company and bank, such as issuing subordinated debt or entering into a revolving credit facility with a financial institution. We also periodically evaluate capital markets conditions to identify opportunities to access those markets if necessary or prudent to support our capital levels. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program. On January 18, 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to 125.0 million of our outstanding common stock, pursuant to which we have acquired no shares of our common stock. The authorization for this program will remain in effect through March 31, 2023. On January 17, 2023, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to 125.0 million of our common stock to commence upon expiration of our existing share repurchase program that is set to expire on March 31, 2023. This authorization is to remain in effect through March 31, 2024. 
 
 Dividends. Pursuant to Tennessee banking law, Pinnacle Bank may not, without the prior consent of the TDFI, pay any dividends to us in a calendar year in excess of the total of its retained net profits for that year plus the retained net profits for the preceding two years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Bank paid dividends of 110.8 million to us which was within the limits allowed by the TDFI. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid 68.2 million in dividends to common shareholders. On January 17, 2023 our board of directors declared a 0.22 quarterly cash dividend to common shareholders (approximately 17.1 million in aggregate) that was paid on February 24, 2023 to common shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 3, 2023. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid 15.2 million of dividends on our Series B Preferred Stock. On January 17, 2023 our board of directors declared a 16.88 quarterly cash dividend (approximately 3.8 million in aggregate) that will be paid on March 1, 2023 to preferred shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 14, 2023. This dividend equates to 0.422 per share on our depositary shares. 
 
 The amount and timing of all future dividend payments, if any, is subject to board discretion and will depend on our earnings, capital position, financial condition and other factors, including, if necessary, our receipt of dividends from Pinnacle Bank, regulatory capital requirements, as they become known to us and receipt of any regulatory approvals that may become required as a result of our and our bank subsidiary's financial results. 
 
 If we fail to pay dividends on our Series B Preferred Stock, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock. 

73 

Market and Liquidity Risk Management 
 
 Our objective is to manage assets and liabilities to provide a satisfactory, consistent level of profitability within the framework of established liquidity, loan, investment, borrowing, and capital policies. Our Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO) is charged with the responsibility of monitoring these policies, which are designed to ensure acceptable composition of asset/liability mix. Two critical areas of focus for ALCO are interest rate sensitivity and liquidity risk management. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to market risk arising from fluctuations in interest rates. ALCO measures and evaluates the interest rate risk so that we can meet customer demands for various types of loans and deposits. ALCO determines the most appropriate amounts of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet items. Measurements which we use to help us manage interest rate sensitivity include an earnings simulation model and an economic value of equity (EVE) model. 
 
 Our interest rate sensitivity modeling incorporates a number of assumptions for both earnings simulation and EVE, including loan and deposit re-pricing characteristics, the rate of loan prepayments, etc. ALCO periodically reviews these assumptions for accuracy based on historical data and future expectations. Our ALCO policy requires that the base scenario assumes rates remain flat and is the scenario to which all others are compared in order to measure the change in net interest income and EVE. Policy limits are applied to the results of certain modeling scenarios. While the primary policy scenarios focus is on a twelve month time frame for the earnings simulations model, longer time horizons are also modeled. All policy scenarios assume a static volume forecast where the balance sheet is held constant, although other scenarios are modeled. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were several noteworthy factors when comparing the results of both the earnings simulation and the economic value of equity modeling results as of December 31, 2022, to the modeling results at December 31, 2021: 
 The Federal Reserve tightened monetary policy with 425 basis points of Fed Funds rate increases during 2022. 
 We deployed 3.4 billion of interest-bearing cash and reverse repo agreements into loans and securities. 
 We entered into 875 million of interest rate floors for our variable rate loan portfolio. 
 We entered into 875 million of interest rate collars for our variable rate loan portfolio. 
 
 Earnings simulation model. We believe interest rate risk is best measured by our earnings simulation modeling. Earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities and off-balance sheet financial instruments are combined with forecasts of interest rates for the next 12 months and are combined with other factors in order to produce various earnings simulations over that same 12-month period. To limit interest rate risk, we have policy guidelines for our earnings at risk which seek to limit the variance of net interest income in both gradual and instantaneous changes to interest rates. For instantaneous upward and downward changes in rates from management's flat interest rate forecast over the next twelve months, assuming a static balance sheet, the following estimated changes are calculated: 
 
 Estimated Change in Net Interest Income Over 12 Months 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Instantaneous Rate Change 
 300 bps increase 
 5.5 10.3 200 bps increase 
 4.0 6.7 100 bps increase 
 2.0 2.8 100 bps decrease 
 (1.3) (2.5) 200 bps decrease 
 (2.5) (3.7) 300 bps decrease 
 (7.7) (4.2) 
 : Negative interest rates are not contemplated in these scenarios. The Treasury curve and all short-term rate indices, such as Fed Funds, LIBOR, etc., are assumed to be zero bound. 
 
 While an instantaneous and severe shift in interest rates was used in this analysis to provide an estimate of exposure under these scenarios, we believe that a gradual shift in interest rates would have a more modest impact. Further, the earnings simulation model does not take into account factors such as future balance sheet growth, changes in product mix, changes in yield curve relationships, hedging activities we might take and changing product spreads that could mitigate any potential adverse impact of changes in interest rates. 
 
 The behavior of our deposit portfolio in the baseline forecast and in alternate interest rate scenarios set out in the table above is a key assumption in our projected estimates of net interest income. The projected impact on net interest income in the table above assumes no change in deposit portfolio size or mix from the baseline forecast in alternative rate environments. In higher rate scenarios, any customer activity resulting in the replacement of low-cost or noninterest-bearing deposits with higher-yielding deposits or market-based funding would reduce the assumed benefit of those deposits. The projected impact on net interest income in the table above also 
 74 

assumes a "through-the-cycle" non-maturity deposit beta which may not be an accurate predictor of actual deposit rate changes realized in scenarios of smaller and/or non-parallel interest rate movements. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our earnings simulation model indicated we were in compliance with our policies for interest rate scenarios for which we model as required by our board approved Asset Liability Policy. 
 
 Economic value of equity model . While earnings simulation modeling attempts to determine the impact of a changing rate environment to our net interest income, our EVE model measures estimated changes to the economic values of our assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items as a result of interest rate changes. Economic values are determined by discounting expected cash flows from assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items, which establishes a base case EVE. We then shock rates as prescribed by our Asset Liability Policy and measure the sensitivity in EVE values for each of those shocked rate scenarios versus the base case. The Asset Liability Policy sets limits for those sensitivities. At December 31, 2022, our EVE modeling calculated the following estimated changes in EVE due to instantaneous upward and downward changes in rates: 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Instantaneous Rate Change 
 300 bps increase 
 (20.6) (12.4 
 200 bps increase 
 (14.2) (7.2 
 100 bps increase 
 (7.3) (1.0 
 100 bps decrease 
 5.6 (8.1 
 200 bps decrease 
 3.9 (10.0) 300 bps decrease 
 2.3 (9.9) 
 : Negative interest rates are not contemplated in these scenarios. The Treasury curve and all short-term rate indices, such as Fed Funds, LIBOR, etc., are assumed to be zero bound. Funds, LIBOR, etc., are assumed to be zed. 
 
 While an instantaneous and severe shift in interest rates was used in this analysis to provide an estimate of exposure under these scenarios, we believe that a gradual shift in interest rates would have a more modest impact. Since EVE measures the discounted present value of cash flows over the estimated lives of instruments, the change in EVE does not directly correlate to the degree that earnings would be impacted over a shorter time horizon (i.e., the current year). Further, EVE does not take into account factors such as future balance sheet growth, changes in product mix, changes in yield curve relationships, hedging activities we might take and changing product spreads that could mitigate the adverse impact of changes in interest rates. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our EVE model indicated we were in compliance with our policies for all interest rate scenarios for which we model as required by our board approved Asset Liability Policy. 
 
 Most likely earnings simulation models . We also analyze a most-likely earnings simulation scenario that projects the expected change in rates based on a forward yield curve adopted by management using expected balance sheet volumes forecasted by management. Separate growth assumptions are developed for loans, investments, deposits, etc. Other interest rate scenarios analyzed by management may include delayed rate shocks, yield curve steepening or flattening, or other variations in rate movements to further analyze or stress our balance sheet under various interest rate scenarios. Each scenario is evaluated by management. These processes assist management to better anticipate our financial results and, as a result, management may determine the need to invest in other operating strategies and tactics which might enhance results or better position the firm's balance sheet to reduce interest rate risk going forward. 
 
 Each of the above analyses may not, on its own, be an accurate indicator of how our net interest income will be affected by changes in interest rates. Income associated with interest-earning assets and costs associated with interest-bearing liabilities may not be affected uniformly by changes in interest rates. In addition, the magnitude and duration of changes in interest rates may have a significant impact on net interest income. For example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods of repricing, they may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. Interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities fluctuate in advance of changes in general market rates, while interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in general market rates. In addition, certain assets, such as adjustable rate mortgage loans, have features (generally referred to as interest rate caps and floors) which limit changes in interest rates. Prepayment and early withdrawal levels also could deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the maturity of certain instruments. The ability of many borrowers to service their debts also may decrease during periods of rising interest rates. ALCO reviews each of the above interest rate sensitivity analyses along with several different interest rate scenarios as part of its responsibility to provide a satisfactory, consistent level of profitability within the framework of established liquidity, loan, investment, borrowing, and capital policies. 
 
 Management's model governance, model implementation and model validation processes and controls are subject to review in our regulatory examinations to ensure they are in compliance with the most recent regulatory guidelines and industry and regulatory 
 75 

practices. Management utilizes a respected, sophisticated third party asset liability modeling software to help ensure implementation of management's assumptions into the model are processed as intended in a robust manner. That said, there are numerous assumptions regarding financial instrument behavior that are integrated into the model. The assumptions are formulated by combining observations gleaned from our historical studies of financial instruments and our best estimations of how these instruments may behave in the future given changes in economic conditions, technology, etc. These assumptions may prove to be inaccurate. Additionally, given the large number of assumptions built into our asset liability modeling software, it is difficult, at best, to compare our results to other firms. 
 
 ALCO may determine that Pinnacle Financial should over time become more or less asset or liability sensitive depending on the underlying balance sheet circumstances and our conclusions as to anticipated interest rate fluctuations in future periods. At present, ALCO has determined that its "most likely" rate scenario assumes three 25 basis point increases in the Federal Funds Rate during 2023, inclusive of the 25 bps rate increase announced in February 2023. Our "most likely" rate forecast is based primarily on information we acquire from a service which includes a consensus forecast of numerous interest rate benchmarks. We may implement additional actions designed to achieve our desired sensitivity position which could change from time to time. 
 
 We have in the past used, and may in the future continue to use, derivative financial instruments as one tool to manage our interest rate sensitivity, including in our mortgage lending program, while continuing to meet the credit and deposit needs of our customers. For further details on the derivatives we currently use, see Note 14. Derivative Instruments in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 
 We may also enter into interest rate swaps to facilitate customer transactions and meet their financing needs. These swaps qualify as derivatives, even though they are not designated as hedging instruments. 
 
 Liquidity Risk Management . The purpose of liquidity risk management is to ensure that there are sufficient cash flows to satisfy loan demand, deposit withdrawals, and our other needs. Traditional sources of liquidity for a bank include asset maturities and growth in core deposits. A bank may achieve its desired liquidity objectives from the management of its assets and liabilities and by internally generated funding through its operations. Funds invested in marketable instruments that can be readily sold and the continuous maturing of other earning assets are sources of liquidity from an asset perspective. The liability base provides sources of liquidity through attraction of increased deposits and borrowing funds from various other institutions. 
 
 To assist in determining the adequacy of our liquidity, we perform a variety of liquidity stress tests including idiosyncratic, systemic and combined scenarios for both moderate and severe events. Liquidity is defined as the ability to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant loss and to raise additional funds by increasing liabilities. Liquidity management involves maintaining our ability to meet the daily cash flow requirements of our customers, both depositors and borrowers. We seek to maintain a sufficiently liquid asset balance to ensure our ability to meet our obligations. The amount of the appropriate minimum liquid asset balance is determined through severe liquidity stress testing as measured by our liquidity coverage ratio calculation. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our liquidity coverage ratio. 
 
 Changes in interest rates also affect our liquidity position. We currently price deposits in response to market rates, and our management intends to continue this policy. If deposits are not priced in response to market rates, a loss of deposits could occur which would negatively affect our liquidity position. 
 
 Scheduled loan payments are a relatively stable source of funds, but loan payoffs and deposit flows fluctuate significantly, being influenced by interest rates, general economic conditions and competition. Additionally, debt security investments are subject to prepayment and call provisions that could accelerate their payoff prior to stated maturity. We attempt to price our deposit products to meet our asset/liability objectives consistent with local market conditions. Our ALCO is responsible for monitoring our ongoing liquidity needs. Our regulators also monitor our liquidity and capital resources on a periodic basis. 
 
 As noted previously, Pinnacle Bank is a member of the FHLB Cincinnati and, pursuant to a borrowing agreement with the FHLB Cincinnati, has pledged certain assets pursuant to a blanket lien. As such, Pinnacle Bank may use the FHLB Cincinnati as a source of liquidity depending on the firm's ALCO strategies. Additionally, we may pledge additional qualifying assets or reduce the amount of pledged assets with the FHLB Cincinnati to increase or decrease our borrowing capacity at the FHLB Cincinnati. At December 31, 2022, we believe we had an estimated 3.8 billion in additional borrowing capacity with the FHLB Cincinnati; however, incremental borrowings are made via a formal request by Pinnacle Bank and the subsequent approval by the FHLB Cincinnati. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank also has accommodations with upstream correspondent banks for unsecured short-term advances which aggregate 155.0 million. These accommodations have various covenants related to their term and availability, and in most cases must be repaid within less than one month. There were no outstanding borrowings under these agreements at December 31, 2022, or during the year then ended, although we test the availability of these accommodations periodically. Pinnacle Bank also had approximately 4.8 billion in available Federal Reserve discount window lines of credit at December 31, 2022. 
 
 76 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, excluding reciprocating time and money market deposits issued through the IntraFiNetwork, we had approximately 2.5 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively, in brokered deposits. Historically, we have issued brokered certificates through several different brokerage houses based on competitive bid. 
 
 Banking regulators have defined additional liquidity guidelines, through the issuance of the Basel III Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Modified LCR. These regulatory guidelines became effective January 2015 with phase in over subsequent years and require these large institutions to follow prescriptive guidance in determining an absolute level of a high quality liquid asset (HQLA) buffer that must be maintained on their balance sheets in order to withstand a potential liquidity crisis event. Although Pinnacle Financial follows the principles outlined in the Interagency Policy Statement on Liquidity Risk Management, issued March 2010, to determine its HQLA buffer, Pinnacle Financial is not currently subject to these regulations. However, these formulas could eventually be imposed on smaller banks, such as Pinnacle Bank, and require an increase in the absolute level of liquidity on our balance sheet, which could result in lower net interest margins for us in future periods. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had no individually significant commitments for capital expenditures. But, we believe the number of our locations, including non-branch locations, will increase over an extended period of time across our footprint, including the markets to which we have recently expanded, and that certain of our locations will be in need of required renovations. In future periods, these expansions and renovation projects may lead to additional equipment and occupancy expenses as well as related increases in salaries and benefits expense. Additionally, we expect we will continue to incur costs associated with technology improvements to enhance the infrastructure of our firm. 
 
 Our short-term borrowings (borrowings which mature within the next fiscal year) consist primarily of securities sold under agreements to repurchase (these agreements are typically associated with comprehensive treasury management programs for our clients and provide them with short-term returns on their excess funds) and FHLB Cincinnati advances. 
 
 We have certain contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022, which by their terms have a contractual maturity and termination dates subsequent to December 31, 2022. Each of these commitments is noted throughout Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis . Our management believes that we have adequate liquidity to meet all known contractual obligations and unfunded commitments, including loan commitments and reasonable borrower, depositor, and creditor requirements over the next twelve months and that we will have adequate liquidity to meet our obligations over a longer-term as well. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding standby letters of credit of 355.1 million and unfunded loan commitments outstanding of 15.9 billion. Because these commitments generally have fixed expiration dates and many will expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment level does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. If needed to fund these outstanding commitments, Pinnacle Bank has the ability to liquidate federal funds sold or securities available-for-sale, or on a short-term basis to borrow and purchase federal funds from other financial institutions. 
 
 We follow the same credit policies and underwriting practices when making these commitments as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. Each customer's creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis and the amount of collateral obtained, if any, is based on management's credit evaluation of the customer. However, should the commitments be drawn upon and should our customers default on their resulting obligation to us, our maximum exposure to credit loss, without consideration of collateral, is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. At December 31, 2022, we had accrued 25.0 million related to expected credit losses associated with off-balance sheet commitments. 

Risk Management 
 
 As a financial institution, we take on a certain amount of risk in every business decision, transaction and activity. Risk management does not eliminate risk, but seeks to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and reward, including return, which is critical to optimizing shareholder value. Understanding our risks and managing them appropriately can enhance our ability to make better decisions, deliver on objectives, and improve performance. 
 
 Our board of directors and members of senior management have identified major categories of risk: capital risk, liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, strategic risk, reputational risk, information security risk, information technology risk, climate and sustainability risk, BSA/AML/OFAC risk, compliance risk, asset liability management risk, HR employment practices risk and non-bank activities risk. In its oversight role of our risk management function, our board of directors, acting principally, but not exclusively, through a Risk Committee comprised solely of independent directors, focuses on the strategies, analyses and conclusions of management relating to identifying, understanding and managing risks so as to optimize total shareholder value, while balancing prudent business and safety and soundness considerations. The Risk Committee (or in some cases the full board of directors) fulfills the overarching oversight role for the risk management process, including approving risk appetite and tolerance levels, risk policies and limits, monitoring key and emerging risks, and reviewing risk assessment results. 
 77 

In addition, oversight of certain risk is allocated to other committees of the board of directors that meet regularly and report to our board of directors, including the Audit Committee and Human Resources and Compensation Committee. 
 
 We are also committed to understanding the impacts of climate change related to our activities and to partner with the communities in which we operate, to do the same. We expect that climate change will be increasingly impactful over time, and we will monitor closely to understand regulatory, environmental and business partner impacts that influence our business and the clients and communities we serve. Beginning in 2023, we will add a Climate and Sustainability Committee to our board committees which will fulfill the oversight role for climate and sustainability risks including transition and compliance risks associated with climate and sustainability. 
 
 The Chief Risk Officer reports to the Chief Executive Officer and provides overall vision, direction and leadership regarding the enterprise risk management framework. The framework includes an Enterprise Wide Risk Management Committee, chaired by the Chief Risk Officer, and various management-level risk committees that focus on specific areas of risk management. The Enterprise Wide Risk Management Committee is comprised of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Credit Officer and Chief Information Officer. The Committee also includes other key leaders responsible for critical operation and support functions, and provides management oversight of our enterprise-wide risk management program. Additional management-level risk committees are responsible for effective risk measurement, management and reporting of their respective risk categories. The Chief Risk Officer is an active member of each of the management-level risk committees. The Chief Audit Executive, though not a member of the Committee, also participates in meetings of the Enterprise Wide Risk Management Committee. 
 
 Our board of directors has adopted a risk appetite statement that seeks to balance the amount of risk we are willing take as we seek to achieve our financial performance objectives, i.e. growth, soundness and returns. As such, our board of directors, principally acting through the Risk Committee, routinely monitors a host of risk metrics from both business and operational units, as well as by risk category, in an effort to appropriately balance the manner in which our performance aligns with our risk appetite. The Risk Committee and members of senior management, including the Chief Risk Officer, review assessments of our risk ratings within each of our key areas of risk on a regular basis. The Chief Risk Officer s report to the Risk Committee includes the assessment and direction of risk within each key area, an assessment of critical factors that influence firm risks, emerging risks, as well as the status of risk actions management is taking to mitigate and control key risks. These reviews are done in an effort to ensure performance alignment with our risk appetite, and where appropriate, trigger adjustments to applicable business strategies and tactics where risks approach our desired risk tolerance limits. 
 
 We support our risk management process through a governance structure involving our board of directors and senior management. The Risk Committee strives to ensure that business decisions are executed within appropriate risk tolerances. The Risk Committee is responsible for overseeing senior management s establishment and operation of our risk framework and our strategic and capital plans are aligned with the risk appetite approved by our board of directors. The Risk Committee serves as the primary point of contact between our board of directors and the Enterprise Wide Risk Management Committee. 
 
 Risk appetite is an integral element of our business and capital planning processes through our Risk Committee and Enterprise Wide Risk Management Committee. We use our risk appetite processes to promote appropriate alignment of risk, capital and performance tactics, while also considering risk capacity and appetite constraints from both financial and non-financial risks. Our Risk Committee, in collaboration with our Enterprise Wide Risk Management Committee, approves our risk appetite on an annual basis, or more frequently, as needed to reflect changes in the risk environment, with the goal of ensuring that our risk appetite remains consistent with our strategic plans and business operations, regulatory environment and our shareholders' expectations. Reports relating to our risk appetite and strategic plans, and our ongoing monitoring thereof, are regularly presented to our various management-level risk oversight and planning committees and periodically reported up to the Risk Committee of our board of directors. 
 
 As noted above, we have an Enterprise Wide Risk Management Committee comprised of key members of senior management. The purpose of this committee is to provide regular oversight of specific areas of risk within the tolerances and framework established by our Risk Committee and board of directors. The Chairman of our Enterprise Wide Risk Management Committee reports on a regular basis to the Risk Committee of our board of directors regarding our enterprise-wide risk profile and other significant risk management issues. Our Chief Risk Officer is responsible for the design and implementation of our enterprise-wide risk management strategy and framework and through his work with other senior associates seeks to ensure the coordinated and consistent implementation of risk management initiatives and strategies on a day-to-day basis. 

78 

Various departments within Pinnacle Bank, working with our Chief Risk Officer and our Chief Audit Executive, are responsible for developing policies and procedures to effectively monitor risks within their areas. For instance, our compliance department is responsible for developing policies and procedures and monitoring our compliance with applicable laws and regulations while our information technology department is responsible for maintaining a risk assessment of our information and cyber security risks and ensuring appropriate controls are in place to manage and control such risks, including designing appropriate testing plans to ensure the integrity of information and cyber security controls. Further, our internal audit function performs an independent assessment of our internal controls environment and plays an integral role in testing the operation of the internal controls systems and reporting findings to management and our Audit Committee. Both the Risk Committee and Audit Committee of our board of directors regularly report on risk-related matters to the full board of directors. In addition, both the Risk Committee of our board of directors and our Enterprise Wide Risk Management Committee regularly assess our enterprise-wide risk profile and provide guidance on actions needed to address key and emerging risk issues. 
 
 Our board of directors believes that our enterprise-wide risk management process is effective and enables the board of directors to: 
 assess the quality of the information we receive; 
 understand the businesses, investments and financial, accounting, legal, regulatory and strategic considerations and the risks that we face; 
 oversee and assess how senior management identifies, evaluates and manages risk within our risk appetite; and 
 assess appropriately the quality of our enterprise-wide risk management process. 

Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See "Part II- Item 8. Financial Statements - Note 1. - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of this Report for further information. 
 79 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The response to this Item is included in Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations", on pages 49 through 79 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 80 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 82 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements [PCAOB ID 173] 
 83 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Internal Control over Financial Reporting [PCAOB ID 173] 
 85 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated balance sheets 
 86 
 Consolidated statements of income 
 87 
 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 
 88 
 Consolidated statements of s hare holders' equity 
 89 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows 
 90 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 92 

81 

MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (the "Company") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company's management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). We completed the acquisition of JB B Capital, LLC (JB B) on March 1, 2022. We are continuing the process of analyzing the systems of internal control over financial reporting of the business and other operations acquired in the JB B acquisition and integrating them within our broader framework of controls. In accordance with the SEC s rules which allow us to exclude JB B and its operations from our internal controls assessment in respect of periods ending on or prior to the first anniversary of the acquisition, we have excluded the business and other operations acquired in the JB B acquisition from management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. JB B and its operations represented approximately 0.49 of our total assets as of December 31, 2022, and the results of operations of JB B and its operations represented approximately 0.54 of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. We plan to complete the integration of the business and other operations acquired in the JB B acquisition within our broader framework of internal controls during 2023 and include the business and other operations acquired in the JB B acquisition within management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting in our next annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Based on our assessment we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective based on the criteria set forth by COSO. 
 
 The Company's independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. This report appears on page 85 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 82 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 
 Nashville, Tennessee 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Reasonable and Supportable Forecast 
 
 As described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses ACL to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated allowance for credit losses on loans was 300.7 million as of December 31, 2022, and provision for credit losses on loans was 64.0 million for the year then ended. The Company primarily employed a probability of default PD and loss given default LGD modeling approach. The PD assumption of the Company s ACL model utilized historical correlations between default experience and certain macroeconomic factors as determined through a statistical regression analysis. Projected macroeconomic factors obtained from an independent third party are utilized to predict losses over a period of time determined to be reasonable and supportable, and then projected losses revert to long term historical averages. The Company applies subjective judgments and assumptions in the selection and application of the projected macroeconomic conditions estimating the reasonable and supportable forecast. 
 
 As the estimation of the reasonable and supportable forecast, including selection and application of the projected macroeconomic conditions, involves subjective judgments and assumptions by management, the audit procedures involved challenging and subjective auditor judgment. Therefore, we identified the selection and application of projected macroeconomic conditions used in estimating the reasonable and supportable forecast as a critical audit matter. 
 83 

The primary audit procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 
 
 Tested the effectiveness of the Company s controls over the reasonable and supportable forecast including: 
 
 Relevance and reliability of the macroeconomic factors used in the forecast model 
 Reasonableness of the selection and application of the projected macroeconomic conditions used in the forecast model 
 Reasonableness of the output of the forecast model. 
 
 Performed substantive testing over the reasonable and supportable forecast including: 
 
 Tested the relevance and reliability of the macroeconomic factors used in the model to predict losses over the reasonable and supportable forecast period 
 Evaluated the reasonableness of the selection and application of the projected macroeconomic conditions used in estimating the reasonable and supportable forecast 
 Evaluated the reasonableness of the estimated reasonable and supportable forecast, which was developed by management s model. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016. 

February 28, 2023 
 
 84 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 
 Nashville, Tennessee 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements") and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. As permitted, the Company has excluded the operations of JB B Capital, LLC acquired during 2022, which is described in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, from the scope of management s report on internal control over financial reporting. As such, it has also been excluded from the scope of our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Crowe LLP 
 
 Denver, Colorado 
 February 28, 2023 
 85 

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands) December 31, ASSETS 2022 2021 Cash and noninterest-bearing due from banks Restricted cash Interest-bearing due from banks Federal funds sold and other Cash and cash equivalents Securities purchased under agreements to resell Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Securities held-to-maturity (fair value of 2.7 billion and 1.2 billion, net of allowance for credit losses of 1.6 million and 161 at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) Consumer loans held-for-sale Commercial loans held-for-sale Loans Less allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net Premises and equipment, net Equity method investment Accrued interest receivable Goodwill Core deposits and other intangible assets Other real estate owned Other assets Total assets Deposits: Non-interest-bearing Interest-bearing Savings and money market accounts Time Total deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank advances Subordinated debt and other borrowings Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders' equity: Preferred stock, no par value; 10.0 million shares authorized; 225,000 shares non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series B, liquidation preference 225.0 million, issued and outstanding at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Common stock, par value 1.00; 180.0 million shares authorized; 76.5 million and 76.1 million shares issued and outstanding at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 86 

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except share and per share information) For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Loans, including fees Securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Federal funds sold and other Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Investment services Insurance sales commissions Gains on mortgage loans sold, net Investment gains on sales, net Trust fees Income from equity method investment Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Equipment and occupancy Other real estate (benefit) expense, net ) Marketing and other business development Postage and supplies Amortization of intangibles Other noninterest expense Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Per share information: Basic net income per common share Diluted net income per common share Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 87 

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income: Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Changes in fair value on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax ) Accretion of net unrealized gains on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity, net of tax ) ) ) Loss (gain) on cash flow hedges reclassified from other comprehensive income into net income, net of tax ) ) Net gain on sale of investment securities reclassified from other comprehensive income into net income, net of tax ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 88 

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except per share information) 
 For the each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders' Equity Amount Shares Amount December 31, 2019 Issuance of preferred stock Exercise of employee common stock options and related tax benefits Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Preferred dividends paid 33.76 per share) ) ) Common dividends paid 0.64 per share) ) ) Issuance of restricted common shares, net of forfeitures ) Restricted shares withheld for taxes related tax benefit ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to restricted stock unit and performance stock unit agreements, net of shares withheld for taxes and related tax benefits ) ) Compensation expense for restricted shares and performance stock units Net income Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ) ) Other comprehensive income December 31, 2020 Exercise of employee common stock options and related tax benefits Preferred dividends paid 67.52 per share) ) ) Common dividends paid 0.72 per share) ) ) Issuance of restricted common shares, net of forfeitures ) Restricted shares withheld for taxes related tax benefit ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to restricted stock unit and performance stock unit agreements, net of shares withheld for taxes and related tax benefits ) ) Compensation expense for restricted shares and performance stock units Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) December 31, 2021 Exercise of employee common stock options and related tax benefits Preferred dividends paid 67.52 per share) ) ) Common dividends paid 0.88 per share) ) ) Issuance of restricted common shares, net of forfeitures ) Restricted shares withheld for taxes related tax benefit ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to restricted stock unit and performance stock unit agreements, net of shares withheld for taxes and related tax benefits ) ) Compensation expense for restricted shares and performance stock units Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 89 

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net amortization/accretion of premium/discount on securities Depreciation, amortization and accretion Provision for credit losses Gains on mortgage loans sold, net ) ) ) Investment gains on sales, net ) ) ) Gain on other equity investments, net ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) Losses (gains) on disposition of other real estate and other investments ) ) Gain on remeasurement of previously held noncontrolling interest ) Income from equity method investment ) ) ) Dividends received from equity method investment Excess tax benefit from stock compensation ) ) ) Gains on commercial loans sold, net ) ) ) Commercial loans held for sale originated ) ) ) Commercial loans held for sale sold Consumer loans held for sale originated ) ) ) Consumer loans held for sale sold Decrease (increase) in other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Activities in securities available-for-sale: Purchases ) ) ) Sales Maturities, prepayments and calls Activities in securities held-to-maturity: Purchases ) ) Maturities, prepayments and calls Net decrease (increase) in securities purchased under agreements to resell ) Increase in loans, net ) ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment and software ) ) ) Purchase of bank owned life insurance ) ) Proceeds from bank owned life insurance settlement Proceeds from sales of software, premises, and equipment Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate Proceeds from (payments for) derivative instruments ) Proceeds from sale (purchase) of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) Purchase of other intangible assets ) ) Increase in other investments ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 90 

(in thousands) For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Financing activities: Net increase in deposits Net increase in securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank: Advances Federal Home Loan Bank: Repayments/maturities ) ) ) Proceeds from subordinated debt and other borrowings, net of issuance costs Repayment of other borrowings ) ) ) Principal payments of finance lease obligation ) ) ) Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock pursuant to restricted and performance stock unit agreements, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) Exercise of common stock options, net of shares surrendered for taxes ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Common stock dividends paid ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 91 

PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

interest in Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC (BHG), a company that primarily serves as a full-service commercial loan provider to healthcare and other professional practices and providers but also makes consumer loans for various purposes. The investment in BHG previously held by Pinnacle Financial was contributed to Pinnacle Bank effective September 30, 2022. Pinnacle Bank provides a full range of banking services, including investment, mortgage, insurance and comprehensive wealth management services, in its primarily urban markets and their surrounding communities. 
 
 On March 1, 2022, Pinnacle Bank acquired the remaining outstanding membership interest of JB B Capital, LLC (JB B) for a cash price of million. JB B is a commercial equipment financing business headquartered in Knoxville, TN. Pinnacle Bank had previously acquired of JB B in 2017. Pinnacle Financial accounted for the acquisition of JB B under the acquisition method in accordance with ASC Topic 805. Accordingly, the purchase price is allocated to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of the acquisition. Determining the fair value of assets and liabilities, particularly illiquid assets and liabilities, is a complicated process involving significant judgment regarding estimates and assumptions used to calculate estimated fair value. Fair value adjustments based on updated estimates could materially affect the goodwill recorded on the JB B acquisition. At the acquisition date, JB B's net assets were initially recorded at a fair value of million, consisting mainly of loans and leases receivable. JB B's million of indebtedness was also paid off in connection with consummation of the acquisition. The preexisting noncontrolling interest of JB B held by Pinnacle Bank was remeasured at a fair value of million on the acquisition date resulting in a gain on remeasurement of million that was recorded in other noninterest income during the year ended December 31, 2022. The purchase price allocations for the acquisition of JB B are preliminary and will be finalized upon the receipt of final valuations on certain assets and liabilities. 

million and million of long-lived intangibles at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Goodwill is evaluated for impairment at least annually and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, provides an entity the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If an entity performs a qualitative assessment and determines it is necessary, or if a qualitative assessment is not performed, the entity is required to perform a one-step test to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized for that reporting unit (if any). If, based on a qualitative assessment, an entity determines that the fair value of a reporting unit is more than its carrying amount, the one-step goodwill impairment test is not required. 

92 

Acquisitions and purchase of other intangible asset Amortization ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Net book value 
 
 , are included in cash and cash equivalents. The following supplemental cash flow information addresses certain cash payments and noncash transactions for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 as follows (in thousands): 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Payments: Interest Income taxes paid Noncash Transactions: Loans charged-off to the allowance for credit losses Loans foreclosed upon with repossessions transferred to other real estate Loans foreclosed upon with repossessions transferred to other repossessed assets Available-for-sale securities transferred to held-to-maturity portfolio Right-of-use assets recognized in the period in exchange for lease obligations 

93 

million and million, respectively, were included as a reduction to loans on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As part of our routine credit monitoring process, commercial loans receive risk ratings by the assigned financial advisor and are subject to validation by our independent loan review department. Risk ratings are categorized as pass, special mention, substandard, substandard-nonaccrual or doubtful-nonaccrual. Pinnacle Financial believes that its categories follow those outlined by the FDIC, Pinnacle Bank's primary federal regulator. At December 31, 2022, approximately of Pinnacle Financial's loan portfolio was assigned a specifically assigned risk rating. Certain consumer loans and commercial relationships that possess certain qualifying characteristics, including individually smaller balances, are generally not assigned an individual risk rating but are evaluated collectively for credit risk as a homogeneous pool of loans and individually as either accrual or nonaccrual based on the performance of the loan. 

94 

95 

million which have experienced significant credit deterioration. Such loans are evaluated for credit losses based on either discounted cash flows or the fair value of collateral. When management determines that foreclosure is probable, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral, less selling costs. For loans for which foreclosure is not probable, but for which repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral, Pinnacle Financial has elected the practical expedient under ASC 326 to estimate expected credit losses based on the fair value of collateral, with selling costs considered in the event sale of the collateral is expected. Loans for which terms have been modified in a troubled-debt restructuring (TDR) are evaluated using these same individual evaluation methods. In the event the discounted cash flow method is used for a TDR, the original interest rate is used to discount expected cash flows. 
 
 In assessing the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, Pinnacle Financial considers the results of Pinnacle Financial's ongoing independent loan review process. Pinnacle Financial undertakes this process both to ascertain those loans in the portfolio with elevated credit risk and to assist in its overall evaluation of the risk characteristics of the entire loan portfolio. Its loan review process includes the judgment of management, independent internal loan reviewers and reviews that may have been conducted by third-party reviewers including regulatory examiners. Pinnacle Financial incorporates relevant loan review results in the allowance. 
 
 In accordance with CECL, losses are estimated over the remaining contractual terms of loans, adjusted for prepayments. The contractual term excludes expected extensions, renewals and modifications unless management has a reasonable expectation at the reporting date that a TDR will be executed or such renewals, extensions or modifications are included in the original loan agreement and are not unconditionally cancellable by Pinnacle Financial. 

96 

. 

million and million, respectively, of OREO with related property-specific valuation allowances in either period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial had a net foreclosed real estate expense of compared to net foreclosed real estate benefit of and net foreclosed real estate expense of million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 million and million, respectively, of computer software related assets, net of amortization. This software supports Pinnacle Financial's primary data systems and relates to amounts paid to vendors for installation and development of such systems. These amounts are amortized on a straight-line basis over periods of three to . For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, Pinnacle Financial's amortization expense was approximately million, million and million, respectively. Software maintenance fees are capitalized in other assets and amortized over the term of the maintenance agreement. 

97 

million and million, respectively. Pinnacle Financial determined that cost approximates the fair value of these investments. Additionally, Pinnacle Financial has recorded certain investments in other non-public entities and funds at fair value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, Pinnacle Financial recorded net gains of million, million and million, respectively, on these investments due to changes in their fair value. Pinnacle Financial has an investment in statutory business trusts valued at million as of December 31, 2022. The statutory business trusts were established to issue preferred securities, the dividends for which are paid with interest payments Pinnacle Financial makes on subordinated debentures it issued to the statutory business trusts. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank is the owner and beneficiary of various life insurance policies on certain key executives and certain current and former directors and associates, including policies that were acquired in mergers. Collectively, these policies are reflected in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at their respective cash surrender values. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate cash surrender value of these policies was approximately million and million, respectively. Noninterest income related to these policies was million, million, and million, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Also, as part of our compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), we have investments in low income housing entities totaling million and million, net, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included in our CRA investments are investments of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, net of amortization, that qualify for federal low income housing tax credits. The investments are accounted for under the proportional amortization method. Under the proportional amortization method, the initial cost of the investment is amortized in proportion to the tax credits and other tax benefits received. The amortization and benefits are recognized as a component of income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income. The investments are recorded using the cost method. 

98 

through . 
 
 Pinnacle Financial's policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. Pinnacle Financial recognized in interest and penalties for the year ended December 31, 2022. interest and penalties were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. Pinnacle Financial recognized in interest and penalties for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 stock options outstanding to purchase common shares. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, , and of dilutive stock options, dilutive restricted shares and dilutive restricted share units were included in the diluted earnings per share calculation under the treasury stock method. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were , and respectively, of restricted shares excluded from the calculation because they were deemed to be antidilutive. 

99 

Denominator Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Basic net income per common share Diluted earnings per common share calculation: Numerator - Net income available to common shareholders 
 Denominator Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Dilutive shares contingently issuable Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding Diluted net income per common share 

100 

interest in Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC (BHG) for million in cash. On March 1, 2016, Pinnacle Bank and Pinnacle Financial increased their investment in BHG by a combined , for a total investment in BHG of . The additional interest was acquired pursuant to a purchase agreement whereby both Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank acquired and an additional , respectively, of the outstanding membership interests in BHG in exchange for million in cash and shares of Pinnacle Financial common stock valued at million. The investment in BHG previously held by Pinnacle Financial was contributed to Pinnacle Bank effective September 30, 2022. 

101 

million compared to million as of December 31, 2021. Amortization expense of was included in Pinnacle Financial's results for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to for 2021 and million for 2020. Accretion income of was included in Pinnacle Financial's results for the year ended December 31, 2022, while million of accretion income was recorded in 2021 and million was recorded in 2020. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial had recorded accretable discounts associated with certain liabilities of BHG of compared to million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank received dividends from BHG of million in the aggregate, compared to million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Pinnacle Financial's and Pinnacle Bank's share of earnings from BHG are included in Pinnacle Financial's consolidated tax return. Profits from intercompany transactions are eliminated. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank has a participating interest in a 750.0 million revolving line of credit for the benefit of BHG in the amount of million and a 150.0 million line of credit for the benefit of BHG in the amount of million. At December 31, 2022, there was million and million outstanding balances on the lines related to Pinnacle Bank's interest in the lines, respectively. The lines accrue interest at and are secured by all assets of BHG. The credit agreements contain covenants requiring BHG to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain other affirmative and negative covenants. At December 31, 2022, neither BHG nor the originating bank had represented to Pinnacle Bank that BHG was not in compliance, in all material respects, with these covenants. 

102 

billion, million and million of loans originated by Pinnacle Bank, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Pinnacle Bank purchased million, million and million, respectively, of loans from BHG at par pursuant to BHG's joint venture loan program whereby BHG and Pinnacle Bank share proportionately in the credit risk of the acquired loans based on the rate on the loan and the rate of the purchase. The yield on this portfolio to Pinnacle Bank is anticipated to be between 4.50 and 6.00 per annum. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million, respectively, of BHG joint venture program loans held by Pinnacle Bank. 
 
 Liabilities Equity interests Total liabilities and equity 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Net income, pre-tax 

billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Restricted cash included on Pinnacle Financial's consolidated balance sheets was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This restricted cash is maintained at banks as collateral primarily for our derivative portfolio. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial maintains some of its cash in bank deposit accounts at financial institutions other than Pinnacle Bank that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. Pinnacle Financial may lose all uninsured balances if one of the correspondent banks fails without warning. Pinnacle Financial has not experienced any losses in such accounts. Pinnacle Financial believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents. 

103 

U.S. Government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities State and municipal securities Asset-backed securities Corporate notes and other Securities held-to-maturity: U.S Treasury securities U.S. Government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities State and municipal securities Asset-backed securities Corporate notes and other Allowance for credit losses - securities held-to-maturity ) Securities held-to-maturity, net of allowance for credit losses December 31, 2021 Securities available-for-sale: U.S Treasury securities U.S. Government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities State and municipal securities Asset-backed securities Corporate notes and other Securities held-to-maturity: U.S. Government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities State and municipal securities Allowance for credit losses - securities held-to-maturity ) Securities held-to-maturity, net of allowance for credit losses 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2020 and 2018, Pinnacle Financial transferred, at fair value, billion, million and million, respectively, of securities from the available-for-sale portfolio to the held-to-maturity portfolio. The related net unrealized after tax losses of million, net unrealized after tax gains of million and net unrealized after tax losses of million, respectively, remained in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will be amortized over the remaining life of the securities, offsetting the related amortization of discount on the transferred securities. No gains or losses were recognized at the time of the transfer. At December 31, 2022, approximately million of Pinnacle Financial's investment portfolio was pledged to secure public funds and other deposits and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. At December 31, 2022, repurchase agreements comprised of secured borrowings totaled million and were secured by million of pledged U.S. government agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, municipal securities, asset backed securities, and corporate debentures. As the fair value of securities pledged to secure repurchase agreements may decline, Pinnacle Financial regularly evaluates its need to pledge additional securities for the counterparty to remain adequately secured. 

104 

Due in one year to five years Due in five years to ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities 
 
 U.S. Government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities State and municipal securities Asset-backed securities Corporate notes and other Total temporarily-impaired securities December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury securities U.S. Government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities State and municipal securities Asset-backed securities Corporate notes and other Total temporarily-impaired securities 
 
 The applicable date for determining when securities are in an unrealized loss position is December 31, 2022 and 2021. As such, it is possible that a security had a market value less than its amortized cost on other days during the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, but is not in the "Investments with an Unrealized Loss of less than 12 months" category above. 

105 

million and million on billion and billion, respectively, of securities. The unrealized losses associated with billion, million and million of securities transferred from the available-for-sale portfolio to the held-to-maturity portfolio during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2020 and 2018, respectively, represent unrealized losses since the date of purchase, independent of the impact associated with changes in the cost basis upon transfer between portfolios. As described in Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for any securities classified as available-for-sale that are in an unrealized loss position at the balance sheet date, Pinnacle Financial assesses whether or not it intends to sell the security, or more-likely-than-not will be required to sell the security, before recovery of its amortized cost basis which would require a write-down to fair value through net income. Because Pinnacle Financial, as of December 31, 2022, did not intend to sell those securities that had an unrealized loss at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2022 it was not more-likely-than-not that Pinnacle Financial will be required to sell the securities before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity, Pinnacle Financial has determined that no write-down is necessary. In addition, Pinnacle Financial evaluates whether any portion of the decline in fair value is the result of credit deterioration, which would require the recognition of an allowance for credit losses. Such evaluations consider the extent to which the amortized cost of the security exceeds its fair value, changes in credit ratings and any other known adverse conditions related to the specific security. The unrealized losses associated with securities at December 31, 2022 are driven by changes in interest rates and are not due to the credit quality of the securities, and accordingly, no allowance for credit losses is considered necessary related to available-for-sale securities at December 31, 2022. These securities will continue to be monitored as a part of Pinnacle Financial's ongoing evaluation of credit quality. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses on held-to-maturity securities is measured on a collective basis by major security type as described in Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Pinnacle Financial has a zero loss expectation for U.S government agency securities and mortgage-backed securities issued by Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae, and Freddie Mac, and accordingly, no allowance for credit losses is estimated for these securities. Credit losses on held-to-maturity municipal securities are estimated using probability of default and loss given default models driven primarily by macroeconomic factors over a reasonable and supportable period of eighteen months with a twelve month reversion to average loss factors. The allowance for credit losses on held-to-maturity securities totaled 1.6 million and 161,000, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial utilizes bond credit ratings assigned by third party ratings agencies to monitor the credit quality of debt securities held-to-maturity. At December 31, 2022, all debt securities classified as held-to-maturity were rated A or higher by the ratings agencies. Updated credit ratings are obtained as they become available from the ratings agencies. 
 
 Periodically, available-for-sale securities may be sold or the composition of the portfolio realigned to improve yields, quality or marketability, or to implement changes in investment or asset/liability strategy, including maintaining collateral requirements and raising funds for liquidity purposes. Additionally, if an available-for-sale security loses its investment grade or tax-exempt status, the underlying credit support is terminated or collection otherwise becomes uncertain based on factors known to management, Pinnacle Financial will consider selling the security, but will review each security on a case-by-case basis as these factors become known. Consistent with the investment policy, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, available-for-sale securities of approximately million, million and million, respectively, were sold, resulting in gross realized gains of , and million, and gross realized losses of , and million, respectively. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial has entered into various fair value hedging transactions to mitigate the impact of changing interest rates on the fair values of available for sale securities. See Note 14. Derivative Instruments for disclosure of the gains and losses recognized on derivative instruments and the cumulative fair value hedging adjustments to the carrying amount of the hedged securities. 

106 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Consumer and other loans - Consumer and other loans include all loans issued to individuals not included in the consumer real estate mortgage classification. Examples of consumer and other loans are automobile loans, consumer credit cards and loans to finance education, among others. Many consumer loans are unsecured. Repayment is primarily dependent on the personal cash flow of the borrower. 
 
 Non-owner occupied Consumer real estate mortgage Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Consumer and other Subtotal Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net 
 
 Commercial loans receive risk ratings by the assigned financial advisor subject to validation by Pinnacle Financial's independent loan review department. Risk ratings are categorized as pass, special mention, substandard, substandard-nonaccrual or doubtful-nonaccrual. Pass rated loans include multiple ratings categories representing varying degrees of risk attributes lesser than those of the other defined risk categories further described below. Pinnacle Financial believes its categories follow those used by Pinnacle Bank's primary regulators. At December 31, 2022, approximately of Pinnacle Financial's loan portfolio was analyzed as a commercial loan type with a specifically assigned risk rating. Consumer loans and small business loans are generally not assigned an individual risk rating but are evaluated as either accrual or nonaccrual based on the performance of the individual loans. However, certain consumer real estate-mortgage loans and certain consumer and other loans receive a specific risk rating due to the loan proceeds being used for commercial purposes even though the collateral may be of a consumer loan nature. Consumer loans that have been placed on nonaccrual but have not otherwise been assigned a risk rating are believed by management to share risk characteristics with loans rated substandard-nonaccrual and have been presented as such in Pinnacle Financial's risk rating disclosures. 
 
 Risk ratings are subject to continual review by a financial advisor and a senior credit officer. At least annually, Pinnacle Financial's credit procedures require every risk rated loan of million or more be subject to a formal credit risk review process. Each loan's risk rating is also subject to review by Pinnacle Financial's independent loan review department, which reviews a substantial portion of Pinnacle Financial's risk rated portfolio annually. Included in the coverage are independent reviews of loans in targeted higher-risk portfolio segments such as certain commercial and industrial loans, land loans and/or loan types in certain geographies. 

107 

Special Mention Substandard (1) 
 Substandard-nonaccrual Doubtful-nonaccrual Total Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate- Non-owner occupied Pass Special Mention Substandard (1) 
 Substandard-nonaccrual Doubtful-nonaccrual Total Commercial real estate - Non-owner occupied Consumer real estate mortgage Pass Special Mention Substandard (1) 
 Substandard-nonaccrual Doubtful-nonaccrual Total Consumer real estate mortgage Construction and land development Pass Special Mention Substandard (1) 
 Substandard-nonaccrual Doubtful-nonaccrual Total Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard (1) 
 Substandard-nonaccrual Doubtful-nonaccrual Total Commercial and industrial 
 108 

Special Mention Substandard (1) 
 Substandard-nonaccrual Doubtful-nonaccrual Total Consumer and other Total loans Pass Special Mention Substandard (1) 
 Substandard-nonaccrual Doubtful-nonaccrual Total loans 
 million at December 31, 2022, compared to million at December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Non-owner occupied Consumer real estate mortgage Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Consumer and other Total December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate: Owner-occupied Non-owner occupied Consumer real estate mortgage Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Consumer and other Total 

109 

Impact of adopting ASC 326 ) ) ) Charged-off loans ) ) ) ) ) ) Recovery of previously charged-off loans Provision for loan losses Balance at December 31, 2020 Charged-off loans ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recovery of previously charged-off loans Provision for loan losses ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Charged-off loans ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recovery of previously charged-off loans Provision for loan losses ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is reviewed by Pinnacle Financial's management on a quarterly basis. This assessment includes procedures to estimate the allowance and test the adequacy and appropriateness of the resulting balance. The level of the allowance is based upon management's evaluation of historical default and loss experience, current and projected economic conditions, asset quality trends, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrowers' ability to repay the loan (including the timing of future payment), the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, industry and peer bank loan quality indications and other pertinent factors, including regulatory recommendations. The level of the allowance for credit losses maintained by management is believed adequate to absorb all expected future losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The allowance is increased by provisions charged to expense and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries of amounts previously charged-off. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2020, which introduced the CECL methodology for estimating all expected losses over the life of a financial asset. Under the CECL methodology the allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective basis for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics, and for loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with the collectively evaluated pools, evaluations are performed on an individual basis. Upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 in 2020, the opening balance of the allowance for credit losses was increased by 38.1 million through retained earnings. 
 
 For commercial real estate, consumer real estate, construction and land development, and commercial and industrial loans, Pinnacle Financial primarily utilizes a probability of default and loss given default modeling approach. These models utilize historical correlations between default experience and certain macroeconomic factors as determined through a statistical regression analysis. All loan segments modeled using this approach consider changes in the national unemployment rate. In addition to the national unemployment rate, GDP and the three month treasury rate are considered for owner occupied commercial real estate, the commercial real estate price index and the five year treasury rate are considered for construction loans, and the three month treasury rate is considered for commercial and industrial loans. For the consumer and other loan segment, a non-statistical approach based on historical charge off rates is utilized. 
 
 Losses are predicted over a period of time determined to be reasonable and supportable, and at the end of the reasonable and supportable period losses are reverted to long term historical averages. The reasonable and supportable period and reversion period are re-evaluated each quarter by Pinnacle Financial and are dependent on the current economic environment among other factors. A reasonable and supportable period of 24 months was utilized for all loan segments at December 31, 2022 and 2021, followed by, in each case, a 12 month straight line reversion to long term averages at each measurement date. 
 
 The estimated loan losses for all loan segments are adjusted for changes in qualitative factors not inherently considered in the quantitative analyses. These adjustments are based in part on quarterly trend assessments compared to historical experience in portfolio concentrations, policy exceptions, associate retention, independent loan review results, collateral considerations, risk ratings, competition and peer group credit quality trends. The qualitative allowance allocation, as determined by the processes noted above, is increased or decreased for each loan segment based on the assessment of these various qualitative factors. 

110 

Non-owner occupied Consumer real estate mortgage Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Consumer and other Total December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate: Owner-occupied Non-owner occupied Consumer real estate mortgage Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Consumer and other Total 
 
 Non-owner occupied Consumer real estate mortgage Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Consumer and other Total 
 
 Pinnacle Financial's policy is the accrual of interest income will be discontinued when (1) there is a significant deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower and full repayment of principal and interest is not expected or (2) the principal or interest is more than 90 days past due, unless the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. As such, at the date loans are placed on nonaccrual status, Pinnacle Financial reverses all previously accrued interest income against current year earnings. Pinnacle Financial's policy is once a loan is placed on nonaccrual status each subsequent payment is reviewed on a case-by-case basis to determine if the payment should be applied to interest or principal pursuant to regulatory guidelines. Pinnacle Financial recognized interest income through cash payments received on nonaccrual loans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Had these nonaccruing loans been on accruing status, interest income would have been higher by million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Approximately million and million of nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were performing pursuant to their contractual terms at those dates. 

111 

million and million, respectively, of TDRs that were performing as of their restructure date and which are accruing interest. Troubled commercial loans are restructured by specialists within Pinnacle Bank's Special Assets Group, and all restructurings are approved by committees and/or credit officers separate and apart from the normal loan approval process. These specialists are charged with reducing Pinnacle Financial's overall risk and exposure to loss in the event of a restructuring by obtaining some or all of the following: improved documentation, additional guaranties, increase in curtailments, reduction in collateral release terms, additional collateral or other similar strategies. 
 
 TDRs made during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table outlines the amount of each TDR by loan classification made during the year ended December 31, 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Number of contracts Pre Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Post Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment, net of related allowance Commercial real estate: Owner-occupied Non-owner occupied Consumer real estate mortgage Construction and land development Commercial and industrial Consumer and other 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Pinnacle Financial had TDRs that subsequently defaulted within twelve months of the restructuring. A default is defined as an occurrence which violates the terms of the receivable's contract. 
 
 of Pinnacle Bank's total risk-based capital to borrowers in the following industries at December 31, 2022 with the comparative exposures for December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 At December 31, 2022 Outstanding Principal Balances Unfunded Commitments Total exposure Total Exposure at December 31, 2021 Lessors of nonresidential buildings Lessors of residential buildings New housing for-sale builders Music publishers Total 
 
 Pinnacle Financial monitors two ratios regarding construction and commercial real estate lending as a part of its concentration management process. Both ratios are calculated by dividing certain types of loan balances for each of the two categories by Pinnacle Bank's total risk-based capital. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Pinnacle Bank's construction and land development loans as a percentage of total risk-based capital were and , respectively. Non owner-occupied commercial real estate and multifamily loans (including construction and land development loans) as a percentage of total risk-based capital were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Banking regulations have established guidelines for the construction ratio of less than 100 of total risk-based capital and for the non owner-occupied commercial real estate and multifamily ratio of less than 300 of total risk-based capital. When a bank's ratios are in excess of one or both of these guidelines, banking regulations generally require an increased level of monitoring in these lending areas by bank management. Pinnacle Bank was within the 100 and 300 guidelines as of December 31, 2022 and has established what it believes to be appropriate controls to monitor its lending in these areas as it aims to keep the level of these loans below the 100 and 300 thresholds. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial had granted loans and other extensions of credit amounting to approximately million to current directors, executive officers, and their related interests, of which million had been drawn upon. At December 31, 2021, Pinnacle Financial had granted loans and other extensions of credit amounting to approximately million to directors, executive officers, and their related interests, of which approximately million had been drawn upon. All loans to directors, executive officers, and their related entities were performing in accordance with contractual terms at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

112 

million in commercial loans held for sale compared to million at December 31, 2021. These include commercial real estate and apartment loans originated for sale to a third-party as part of a multi-family loan program. Such loans are closed under a pass-through commitment structure wherein Pinnacle Bank's loan commitment to the borrower is the same as the third party's take-out commitment to Pinnacle Bank and the third party purchase typically occurs within thirty days of Pinnacle Bank closing with the borrowers. Also included are commercial loans originated for sale to BHG as part of BHG's alternative financing portfolio as more fully described in Note 2. Equity Method Investment. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial had approximately million of mortgage loans held-for-sale compared to approximately million at December 31, 2021. Total mortgage loan volumes sold during the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately million compared to approximately billion and 1.8 billion for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Financial recognized million in gains on the sale of these loans, net of commissions paid, compared to million and million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 These mortgage loans held-for-sale are originated internally and are primarily to borrowers in Pinnacle Bank's geographic markets. These sales are typically on a mandatory basis to investors that follow conventional government sponsored entities (GSE) and the Department of Housing and Urban Development/U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (HUD/VA) guidelines. 
 
 Each purchaser of a mortgage loan held-for-sale has specific guidelines and criteria for sellers of loans and the risk of credit loss with regard to the principal amount of the loans sold is generally transferred to the purchasers upon sale. While the loans are sold without recourse, the purchase agreements require Pinnacle Bank to make certain representations and warranties regarding the existence and sufficiency of file documentation and the absence of fraud by borrowers or other third parties such as appraisers in connection with obtaining the loan. If it is determined that the loans sold were in breach of these representations or warranties, Pinnacle Bank has obligations to either repurchase the loan for the unpaid principal balance and related investor fees or make the purchaser whole for the economic benefits of the loan. To date, Pinnacle Bank's liability pursuant to the terms of these representations and warranties has been insignificant. 

Buildings years - years Leasehold improvements years - years Furniture and equipment years - years Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial has entered into various operating leases, primarily for office space and branch facilities. The leases are classified as operating or finance leases at commencement. Right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying asset and lease liabilities representing the obligation to make future lease payments are recognized on the balance sheet within other assets and other liabilities . These assets and liabilities are estimated based on the present value of future lease payments discounted using Pinnacle Financial's incremental secured borrowing rates as of the commencement date of the lease. Certain lease agreements contain renewal options which are considered in the determination of the lease term if they are deemed reasonably certain to be exercised. Pinnacle Financial has elected not to recognize leases with an original term of less than 12 months on the balance sheet. 

113 

Finance leases Total right-of-use assets Lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases Total lease liabilities 
 
 Short-term lease cost Finance lease cost: Interest on lease liabilities Amortization of right-of-use asset Sublease income ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 
 The weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for operating and finance leases at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted average remaining lease term Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Cash flows related to operating and finance leases during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands): 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating cash flows related to operating leases Operating cash flows related to finance leases Financing cash flows related to finance leases 

114 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Net lease liabilities 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately billion and million, respectively, of time deposits had been issued in denominations of 250,000 or greater. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Pinnacle Financial had million and million, respectively, of deposit accounts in overdraft status that have been reclassified to loans on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

billion as collateral under the borrowing agreements with the FHLB. 
 
 million and million, respectively. The scheduled maturities of FHLB advances at December 31, 2022 and interest rates are as follows (in thousands): Scheduled maturities Weighted average interest rates (1) 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Deferred costs ) Total Federal Home Loan Bank advances Weighted average interest rate 
 (1) 
 115 

billion in borrowing availability with the FHLB, billion with the Federal Reserve Bank discount window, and approximately million with other correspondent banks with whom Pinnacle Bank has arranged lines of credit. At December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Bank was not carrying any balances with the Federal Reserve Bank discount window or correspondent banks under these arrangements. 

Pinnacle Statutory Trust II Pinnacle Statutory Trust III Pinnacle Statutory Trust IV BNC Capital Trust I BNC Capital Trust II BNC Capital Trust III BNC Capital Trust IV Valley Financial Trust I Valley Financial Trust II Valley Financial Trust III Southcoast Capital Trust III Subordinated Debt Pinnacle Financial Subordinated Notes Fixed (1) 
 Debt issuance costs and fair value adjustment ) Total subordinated debt and other borrowings 
 (1) (or an alternative benchmark rate plus comparable spread in the event that three month LIBOR is no longer published on such adjustment date) beginning September 15, 2024 through the end of the term. 
 
 Interest on each of the trust preferred securities Pinnacle Financial has issued is currently based on a floating rate tied to 3-month LIBOR plus some spread. 
 
 On July 30, 2021, Pinnacle Bank redeemed million aggregate principal amount of subordinated notes due July 30, 2025. Additionally on November 16, 2021, Pinnacle Financial redeemed million aggregate principal amount of subordinated notes due November 16, 2026. The redemptions were funded with existing cash on hand. Pursuant to regulatory guidelines, once the maturity date on subordinated notes is within five years, a portion of the notes will no longer be eligible to be included in regulatory capital, with an additional portion being excluded each year over the five year period approaching maturity. 

116 

State Total current tax expense Deferred tax expense (benefit): Federal ) ) State ) ) Total deferred tax (benefit) expense ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 to income before income taxes. A reconciliation of the differences for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 is as follows (in thousands): 2022 2021 2020 Income tax expense at statutory rate State excise tax expense, net of federal tax effect Non-deductible executive compensation Tax-exempt securities ) ) ) Federal tax credits ) ) ) Bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Insurance premiums ) ) ) Excess tax benefits associated with equity compensation ) ) ) Other items ) Income tax expense 
 
 Pinnacle Financial's effective tax rate differs from the Federal income tax rates primarily due to state excise tax expense, investments in bank-qualified tax-exempt municipal securities, tax benefits from Pinnacle Bank's real estate investment trust and municipal investment subsidiaries, and tax benefits associated with share-based compensation, bank owned life insurance, and Pinnacle Financial's captive insurance subsidiary, offset in part by the limitation on deductibility of meals and entertainment expense, non-deductible FDIC insurance premiums and non-deductible executive compensation. 
 
 Loans Insurance Accrued liability for supplemental retirement agreements Restricted stock and stock options Securities Lease liability Other real estate owned Net federal operating loss carryforward and credits Annual incentive compensation Partnership interests Allowance for off balance sheet credit exposures Tax credit investments Other deferred tax assets Total deferred tax assets 
 117 

Core deposit and other intangible assets Securities Cash flow hedge REIT dividends FHLB related liabilities Equity method investment Right-of-use assets and other leasing transactions Leases Subordinated debt Other deferred tax liabilities Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state loss carryforwards resulting from acquisitions of approximately million that expire at various dates from 2028 to 2034. 
 
 ASC 740, Income Taxes , defines the threshold for recognizing the benefits of tax return positions in the financial statements as "more-likely-than-not" to be sustained by the taxing authority. This section also provides guidance on the derecognition, measurement and classification of income tax uncertainties, along with any related interest and penalties, and includes guidance concerning accounting for income tax uncertainties in interim periods. 
 
 Increases due to tax positions taken during the current year Increases due to tax positions taken during a prior year Decreases due to the lapse of the statute of limitations during the current year ) ) Decreases due to settlements with the taxing authorities during the current year Balance at December 31, 
 
 Pinnacle Financial's policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. Pinnacle Financial recognized in interest and penalties for the year ended December 31, 2022. interest and penalties were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. Pinnacle Financial recognized in interest and penalties for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

billion, of which approximately billion related to home equity lines of credit. 

118 

or less unless terminated beforehand due to criteria specified in the standby letter of credit. A typical arrangement involves the applicant routinely being indebted to the beneficiary for such items as inventory purchases, insurance, utilities, lease guarantees or other third party commercial transactions. The standby letter of credit would permit the beneficiary to obtain payment from Pinnacle Financial under certain prescribed circumstances. Subsequently, Pinnacle Financial would then seek reimbursement from the applicant pursuant to the terms of the standby letter of credit. At December 31, 2022, these commitments amounted to million. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial follows the same credit policies and underwriting practices when making these commitments as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Each customer's creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis and the amount of collateral obtained, if any, is based on management's credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies but may include cash, real estate and improvements, marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, and personal property. 
 
 The contractual amounts of these commitments are not reflected in the consolidated financial statements and would only be reflected if drawn upon. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contractual amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. However, should the commitments be drawn upon and should Pinnacle Bank's customers default on their resulting obligation to Pinnacle Bank, the maximum exposure to credit loss, without consideration of collateral, is represented by the contractual amount of those commitments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Pinnacle Financial had accrued million and million, respectively, for the inherent risks associated with these off-balance sheet commitments. 
 
 Various legal claims also arise from time to time in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the resolution of these routine claims outstanding at December 31, 2022 will not have a material impact on Pinnacle Financial's consolidated financial condition, operating results or cash flows. 

of their salary subject to regulatory limitations with Pinnacle Financial matching of the first of employee self-directed contributions during 2022, 2021, and 2020. Pinnacle Financial's expense associated with the matching component of the plan for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 was approximately million, million and million, respectively, and is included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations in salaries and employee benefits expense. 
 
 million and million of liabilities on its balance sheet associated with these supplemental executive retirement plans. A portion of these assumed plans were fully funded with Rabbi Trusts whose balances at December 31, 2022 totaled million. At December 31, 2022, the remaining amounts that are not yet funded are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

million shares available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. 
 
 Upon the acquisition of CapitalMark, Pinnacle Financial assumed approximately stock options under the CapitalMark Option Plan. No further shares remain available for issuance under the CapitalMark Option Plan. At December 31, 2022, all of the remaining options outstanding under any equity incentive plan of Pinnacle Financial were granted under the CapitalMark Option Plan. 
 
 Common Stock Options 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, of the stock options outstanding, approximately options were granted with the intention to be incentive stock options qualifying under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code for favorable tax treatment to the option holder while approximately options would be deemed non-qualified stock options and thus not subject to favorable tax treatment to the option holder. Favorable treatment generally refers to the recipient of the award not having to report ordinary income at the date of exercise assuming certain conditions are met. All stock options granted under the CapitalMark Plan were fully vested at the date of the CapitalMark merger. 
 
 119 

Granted Stock options exercised 
 ) Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Granted Stock options exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Stock options exercised ) Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 (1) per common share at December 31, 2022 for the 40,188 options that were in-the-money at December 31, 2022. 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised under Pinnacle Financial's equity incentive plans was million, million and ,000, respectively, determined using the quoted price of Pinnacle Financial common stock as of the date of option exercise. 
 
 There have been no options granted by Pinnacle Financial since 2008. All stock option awards granted by Pinnacle Financial were fully vested during 2013. Stock options granted under the CapitalMark Plan were fully vested at the time of acquisition. As such, there was no impact on the results of operations for stock-based compensation related to stock options for any year in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, except for the tax impact recorded as a component of income tax expense upon exercise. 
 
 Restricted Shares 
 
 Shares awarded Restrictions lapsed and shares released to associates/directors ) Shares forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2020 Shares awarded Restrictions lapsed and shares released to associates/directors ) Shares forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2021 Shares awarded Restrictions lapsed and shares released to associates/directors ) Shares forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 

120 

2021 Associates (2) 
 2022 Associates (2) 
 Outside Director Awards (3) 
 2020 Outside directors 2021 Outside directors 2022 Outside directors 
 (1) Groups include employees (referred to as associates above) and outside directors. When the restricted shares are awarded, a participant receives voting rights and forfeitable dividend rights with respect to the shares, but is not able to transfer the shares until the restrictions have lapsed. Once the restrictions lapse, the participant is taxed on the value of the award and may elect to sell some shares (or have Pinnacle Financial withhold some shares) to pay the applicable income taxes associated with the award. Alternatively, the recipient can pay the withholding taxes in cash. For time-based vesting restricted share awards, dividends paid on shares for which the forfeiture restrictions do not lapse will be recouped by Pinnacle Financial at the time of termination. For awards to Pinnacle Financial's directors, dividends are placed into escrow until the forfeiture restrictions on such shares lapse. 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) . 
 
 Compensation expense associated with the time-based vesting restricted share awards is recognized over the time period that the restrictions associated with the awards lapse on a straight-line basis based on the total cost of the award. 
 
 Restricted stock units awarded Restrictions lapsed and underlying shares released to associates/directors ) Restricted stock units forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 Pinnacle Financial grants restricted stock units to its Named Executive Officers (NEOs) and leadership team members with time-based vesting criteria. Compensation expense associated with time-based vesting restricted stock unit awards is recognized over the time period that the restrictions associated with the awards lapse on a straight-line basis based on the total cost of the award. The following table outlines restricted stock unit grants that were made, grouped by similar vesting criteria, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The table reflects the life-to-date activity for these awards: 
 
 Grant year Vesting period in years Shares awarded Restrictions lapsed and shares released to participants Shares withheld for taxes by participants Shares forfeited by participants (1) 
 Shares unvested 2021 2022 
 (1) 
 
 121 

2022-2024 2025 2022 2022-2024 2026 2021 2021-2023 2024 2020 2020 2025 2021 2025 2022 2025 2019 2019 2024 2020 2024 2021 2024 2018 2018 2023 2019 2023 2020 2023 
 (1) 
 (2) Performance stock unit awards granted in or after 2021, if earned, will be settled in shares of Pinnacle Financial common stock in the period noted in the table, if the performance criterion included in the applicable performance unit award agreement are met. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the restrictions associated with performance stock unit awards and performance stock unit awards, respectively, granted in prior years lapsed, based on the terms of the applicable award agreement and approval by Pinnacle Financial's Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and were settled into shares of Pinnacle Financial common stock with shares and shares, respectively, being withheld to pay the taxes associated with the settlement of those shares. 
 
 Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2021, performance stock unit awards granted in prior years were forfeited due to the failure to reach performance targets for the year ended December 31, 2020 as defined in the associated performance stock unit award agreements. 
 
 Income tax benefit (1) 
 Restricted stock expense, net of income tax benefit 
 
 (1) Income tax benefit shown at statutory tax rate for each period presented. A portion of the restricted stock expense associated with awards to NEOs may be disallowed based on Federal income tax regulations. 
 
 million. This expense, if the underlying awards are earned, is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

122 

Liabilities ) ) Total non-hedging derivatives ) ) 
 
 (1) 
 
 123 

) 
 
 million to 
 purchase interest rate floors and interest rate collars with notional amounts totaling billion to mitigate the impact of changing interest rates on LIBOR and SOFR-based variable rate loans. A summary of Pinnacle Financial's cash flow hedge relationships as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Balance Sheet Location Weighted Average Remaining Maturity (In Years) Receive Rate Pay Rate Notional Amount Estimated Fair Value Notional Amount Estimated Fair Value Asset derivatives Interest rate floor - loans Other assets Interest rate collar - loans Other assets 
 
 The effects of Pinnacle Financial's cash flow hedge relationships on the statement of comprehensive income (loss) during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands): Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Asset derivatives Interest rate floor - loans ) Liability derivatives Interest rate swaps - borrowings ) 
 
 The cash flow hedges were determined to be highly effective during the periods presented and as a result qualified for hedge accounting treatment. If a hedge were deemed to be ineffective, the amount included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be reclassified into a line item within the statement of income that impacts operating results. A hedging relationship is no longer considered to be effective if a portion of the hedge becomes ineffective, the item hedged is no longer in existence or Pinnacle Financial discontinues hedge accounting. Gains on cash flow hedges totaling million and million, net of tax, were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net income during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Losses on cash flow hedges totaling and million, net of tax, were reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) into net income during the year ended December 31, 2020. Approximately million in unrealized gains, net of tax, are expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net income over the next twelve months. 

124 

Liability derivatives Interest rate swap agreements - securities Other liabilities ) Total fair value derivatives ) 
 
 (1) 
 
 Notional amounts of million included in the table above as of December 31, 2022 receive a variable rate of interest based on three month LIBOR, notional amounts totaling million as of December 31, 2022 receive a variable rate of interest based on the daily compounded federal funds rate and notional amounts totaling million as of December 31, 2022 receive a variable rate of interest based on the daily compounded secured overnight financing rate. 
 
 The effects of Pinnacle Financial's fair value hedge relationships on the income statement during the years end December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands): Location of Gain (Loss) Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income Year ended December 31, Securities 2022 2021 2020 Interest rate swap agreements Interest income on securities ) Securities available-for-sale Interest income on securities ) ) 
 
 The following amounts were recorded on the balance sheet related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): Carrying Amount of the Hedged Assets Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in the Carrying Amount of the Hedged Assets December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Line item on the balance sheet Securities available-for-sale ) 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amortization expense totaling million, million and million, respectively, related to previously terminated fair value hedges was recognized as a reduction to interest income on loans. 
 
 125 

million and market values totaling million were terminated. Approximately in gains were recognized at the time of termination and the remaining million will be accreted as additional interest income on the previously hedged available-for-sale mortgage backed and municipal securities over the same period as existing purchase discounts or premiums on these securities. 

of its senior executives: the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the Carolinas and Virginia, the Chief Administrative Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. These agreements, as amended, automatically renew each year on January 1 for an additional year unless any of the parties to the agreements gives notice of intent not to renew the agreement prior to November 30th of the preceding year, in which case the agreement terminates 30 days later. The agreements specify that in certain defined "Terminating Events," Pinnacle Financial will be obligated to pay each of the senior executives certain amounts, which vary according to the Terminating Event, which is based on their annual salaries and bonuses. These Terminating Events include termination for disability, cause, without cause and other events. The agreement with the Chairman of the Carolinas and Virginia also provides for the payment of certain deferred benefits under his prior employment agreement with BNC upon termination of his employment with Pinnacle Financial. 

126 

127 

U.S. government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities State and municipal securities Asset-backed securities Corporate notes and other Total investment securities available-for-sale Other investments Other assets Total assets at fair value Other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value December 31, 2021 Investment securities available-for-sale: U.S. treasury securities U.S. government agency securities Mortgage-backed securities State and municipal securities Asset-backed securities Corporate notes and other Total investment securities available-for-sale Other investments Other assets Total assets at fair value Other liabilities Total liabilities at fair value 
 
 Collateral dependent loans (1) 
 Total December 31, 2021 Other real estate owned Collateral dependent loans (1) 
 Total 
 (1) million and million, respectively. 

128 

transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3. 
 
 The table below includes a rollforward of the balance sheet amounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (including the change in fair value) for financial instruments classified by Pinnacle Financial within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy measured at fair value on a recurring basis including changes in fair value due in part to observable factors that are part of the valuation methodology (in thousands): Total net realized gains included in income Change in unrealized gains/losses included in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Purchases Issuances Settlements ) ) ) ) Transfers out of Level 3 Fair value, Dec. 31 Total realized gains included in income 
 
 Securities held-to-maturity Loans, net Consumer loans held-for-sale Commercial loans held-for-sale Financial liabilities: Deposits and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank advances Subordinated debt and other borrowings Off-balance sheet instruments: Commitments to extend credit (2) 
 
 129 

Securities held-to-maturity Loans, net Consumer loans held-for-sale Commercial loans held-for-sale Financial liabilities: Deposits and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank advances Subordinated debt and other borrowings Off-balance sheet instruments: Commitments to extend credit (2) 

(1) 

130 

million to certain statutory trusts which are considered VIEs because Pinnacle Financial's capital contributions to these trusts are not considered "at risk" in evaluating whether the holders of the equity investments at risk in the trusts have the power through voting rights or similar rights to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities' economic performance. These trusts were not consolidated by Pinnacle Financial because the holders of the securities issued by the trusts absorb a majority of expected losses and residual returns. 
 
 For certain troubled commercial loans, Pinnacle Financial restructures the terms of the borrower's debt in an effort to increase the probability of receipt of amounts contractually due. However, Pinnacle Financial does not assume decision-making power or responsibility over the borrower's operations. Following a debt restructuring, the borrowing entity typically meets the definition of a VIE as the initial determination of whether the entity is a VIE must be reconsidered and economic events have proven that the entity's equity is not sufficient to permit it to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support or a restructuring of the terms of its financing. As Pinnacle Financial does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact such troubled commercial borrowers' operations, it is not considered the primary beneficiary even in situations where, based on the size of the financing provided, Pinnacle Financial is exposed to potentially significant benefits and losses of the borrowing entity. Pinnacle Financial has no contractual requirements to provide financial support to the borrowing entities beyond certain funding commitments established upon restructuring of the terms of the debt to allow for completion of activities which prepare the collateral related to the debt for sale. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial serves as manager over certain discretionary trusts, for which it makes investment decisions on behalf of the trusts' beneficiaries in return for a management fee. The trusts meet the definition of a VIE since the holders of the equity investments at risk do not have the power through voting rights or similar rights to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities' economic performance. However, since the management fees Pinnacle Financial receives are not considered variable interests in the trusts as all of the requirements related to permitted levels of decision maker fees are met, such VIEs are not consolidated by Pinnacle Financial because it cannot be the trusts' primary beneficiary. Pinnacle Financial has no contractual requirements to provide financial support to the trusts. 
 
 The following table summarizes VIE's that are not consolidated by Pinnacle Financial as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): Other Assets Other tax credit investments Other Assets Trust preferred issuances N/A N/A Subordinated Debt Commercial TDRs Loans Managed discretionary trusts N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 
 131 

million in dividends to Pinnacle Financial. As of December 31, 2022, Pinnacle Bank could pay approximately billion of additional dividends to Pinnacle Financial without prior approval of the Commissioner of the TDFI. Since the fourth quarter of 2013, Pinnacle Financial has paid a quarterly common stock dividend. The board of directors of Pinnacle Financial has increased the dividend amount per share over time. The most recent increase occurred on January 18, 2022, when the board of directors increased the dividend to per common share from per common share. During the second quarter of 2020, Pinnacle Financial successfully issued million depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th fractional interest in a share of Series B noncumulative, perpetual preferred stock (the "Series B Preferred Stock") in a registered public offering to both retail and institutional investors. Beginning in the third quarter of 2020, Pinnacle Financial began paying a quarterly dividend of per share (or per depositary share), on the Series B Preferred Stock. The amount and timing of all future dividend payments by Pinnacle Financial, if any, including dividends on Pinnacle Financial's Series B Preferred Stock (and associated depositary shares), is subject to discretion of Pinnacle Financial's board of directors and will depend on Pinnacle Financial's receipt of dividends from Pinnacle Bank, earnings, capital position, financial condition and other factors, including regulatory capital requirements, as they become known to Pinnacle Financial and receipt of any regulatory approvals that may become required as a result of each of Pinnacle Financial's or Pinnacle Bank's financial results. 
 
 Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possibly additional discretionary actions, by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Pinnacle Financial's and Pinnacle Bank's capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require Pinnacle Financial and its banking subsidiary to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, total capital to risk-weighted assets and Tier 1 capital to average assets. 
 
 As permitted by the interim final rule issued on March 27, 2020 by the federal banking regulatory agencies, each of Pinnacle Bank and Pinnacle Financial has elected the option to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital of Pinnacle Financial's and Pinnacle Bank's adoption of ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which was effective January 1, 2020. The initial impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13, as well as 25 of the quarterly increases in the allowance for credit losses subsequent to adoption of ASU 2016-13 (collectively the transition adjustments ), was delayed until December 31, 2021. As of January 1, 2022, the cumulative amount of the transition adjustments of million became fixed and will be phased out of the regulatory capital calculations evenly over a three year period, with 75 recognized in 2022, 50 recognized in 2023, and 25 recognized in 2024. Beginning on January 1, 2025, the temporary regulatory capital benefits will be fully reversed. 

132 

Pinnacle Bank Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets: Pinnacle Financial Pinnacle Bank Common equity Tier 1 capital: Pinnacle Financial N/A N/A Pinnacle Bank Tier 1 capital to average assets ): Pinnacle Financial N/A N/A Pinnacle Bank December 31, 2021 Total capital to risk weighted assets: Pinnacle Financial Pinnacle Bank Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets: Pinnacle Financial Pinnacle Bank Common equity Tier 1 capital: Pinnacle Financial N/A N/A Pinnacle Bank Tier 1 capital to average assets ): Pinnacle Financial N/A N/A Pinnacle Bank 

As noted above, during the second quarter of 2020, Pinnacle Financial issued 9.0 million depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of Series B Preferred Stock in a registered public offering to both retail and institutional investors. Net proceeds from the transaction were approximately million after deducting the underwriting discounts and offering expenses payable by Pinnacle Financial. The net proceeds were initially retained by Pinnacle Financial and the remaining net proceeds are available to support the capital needs of Pinnacle Financial and Pinnacle Bank, to support Pinnacle Financial's obligations, including interest payments on its outstanding indebtedness and dividend payments on the Series B Preferred Stock, and for other general corporate purposes. 

133 

Bank-owned life insurance Loan swap fees SBA loan sales Income from other equity investments Other noninterest income Total other noninterest income 
 Lending related expenses Wealth management related expenses Audit, exam and insurance expense FHLB restructuring charges Administrative and other expenses Total other noninterest expense 

Investments in bank subsidiaries Investments in consolidated subsidiaries Investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries: Statutory Trusts Other investments Current income tax receivable Other assets Liabilities and shareholders' equity: Subordinated debt and other borrowings Other liabilities Shareholders' equity 

Income from nonbank subsidiaries Income from equity method investment Other income 
 134 

Personnel expense, including stock compensation Other expense Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Income tax benefit ) ) ) Income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed income of bank subsidiaries Equity in undistributed income of nonbank subsidiaries Net income Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Amortization and accretion Stock-based compensation expense Increase (decrease) in income tax payable, net ) Deferred tax expense Income from equity method investments, net ) ) ) Dividends received from equity method investment Excess tax benefit from stock compensation ) ) ) Gain on other investments, net ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Equity in undistributed income of bank subsidiaries ) ) ) Equity in undistributed income of nonbank subsidiaries ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities : 
 Investment in consolidated banking subsidiaries Increase in other investments ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities : 
 Proceeds from subordinated debt and other borrowings, net of issuance costs ) Repayment of subordinated debt and other borrowings ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to restricted stock unit agreement, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) Exercise of common stock options, net of shares surrendered for taxes ) ) ) Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs Repurchase of common stock ) Common dividends paid ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 
 135 

million, net of deferred tax liabilities associated with the investment, effective September 30, 2022. 
 
 Pinnacle Bank is subject to restrictions on the payment of dividends to Pinnacle Financial under Tennessee banking laws. Pinnacle Bank paid dividends of million, million and million, respectively, to Pinnacle Financial in each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net income before taxes Net income Net income available to common shareholders Basic net income per common share Diluted net income per common share 2021 Interest income Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net income before taxes Net income Net income available to common shareholders Basic net income per common share Diluted net income per common share 2020 Interest income Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net income before taxes Net income Net income available to common shareholders Basic net income per common share Diluted net income per common share 
 
 136 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Pinnacle Financial maintains disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by it in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to Pinnacle Financial's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Pinnacle Financial carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that Pinnacle Financial's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The report of Pinnacle Financial's management on Pinnacle Financial's internal control over financial reporting begins on page 82 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The report of Pinnacle Financial's independent registered public accounting firm on Pinnacle Financial's internal control over financial reporting is set forth on page 85 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 
 There were no changes in Pinnacle Financial's internal control over financial reporting during Pinnacle Financial's fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Pinnacle Financial's internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 137 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The responses to this Item will be included in Pinnacle Financial's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 18, 2023 under the headings "Corporate Governance-Code of Conduct," "Proposal #1 Election of Directors-Audit Committee," "Proposal #1 Election of Directors," "Information About Our Executive Officers," and "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The responses to this Item will be included in Pinnacle Financial's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 18, 2023 under the headings "Proposal #1 Election of the Directors-Director Compensation" and "Executive Compensation" and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The response to this Item regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will be included in Pinnacle Financial's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 18, 2023 under the heading, "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The following table summarizes information concerning Pinnacle Financial's equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022: Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1)(2) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in First Column) Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders: Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 1,489,344 1,387,284 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders N/A N/A N/A Total 1,489,344 1,387,284 
 
 (1) Includes 1,375,173 performance-based restricted stock units and 73,983 time-based restricted stock units under the Plan. These restricted stock units do not have an exercise price because their value is dependent upon continued employment over a period of time or the achievement of certain performance goals, and are to be settled in shares of common stock. Accordingly, they have been disregarded for purposes of computing the weighted-average exercise price. 
 (2) All of CapitalMark's outstanding stock options vested upon consummation of the CapitalMark merger and were converted into options to purchase shares of Pinnacle Financial's common stock. As of December 31, 2022, 40,188 shares of Pinnacle Financial's common stock remain subject to outstanding options issued to the CapitalMark option holders and the weighted average exercise price of those options is 25.00. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The responses to this Item will be included in Pinnacle Financial's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 18, 2023 under the headings, "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions," and "Corporate Governance-Director Independence" and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The responses to this Item will be included in Pinnacle Financial's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 18, 2023 under the heading, "Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 138 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Charter, as amended (restated for SEC filing purposes only), incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 filed on August 7, 2020. 
 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc., effective as of October 18, 2022, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 24, 2022. 
 4.1.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on July 12, 2000. 
 4.1.2 See Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 for provisions of the Charter and Bylaws defining rights of holders of the Common Stock. 4.2 Description of the Company's Securities. 
 4.3 Form of 4.875 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due July 30, 2025, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2015. 
 4.4 Form of 5.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due November 16, 2026, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2016. 
 4.5 Subordinated Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2019, between Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 11, 2019. 
 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2019 between Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 11, 2019. 
 4.7 Form of 4.125 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2029 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.6 hereto). 4.8 Deposit Agreement, dated June 3, 2020, by and among the Company, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. acting jointly as the depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed June 3, 2020) 
 4.9 Specimen of Certificate representing the Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed June 3, 2020) 
 4.10 Form of Depositary Receipt (included in Exhibit 4.8 hereto) 4.11 Pinnacle Financial is a party to certain agreements entered into in connection with the offering or assumption of its subordinated debentures and certain of its subordinated indebtedness, in each case as more fully described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In accordance with Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K and because no issuance of any such indebtedness is in excess of 10 of Pinnacle Financial s total assets, Pinnacle Financial has not filed the various documents and agreements associated with such indebtedness herewith. Pinnacle Financial has, however, agreed to furnish copies of the various documents and agreements associated with such indebtedness to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 10.1# Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and M. Terry Turner, dated as of January 1, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, filed on March 7, 2008. 
 10.2# Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and Robert A. McCabe, Jr., dated as of January 1, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, filed on March 7, 2008. 
 10.3# Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and Hugh M. Queener, dated as of January 1, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, filed on March 7, 2008. 
 10.4# Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and Harold R. Carpenter, dated as of January 1, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, filed on March 7, 2008. 
 10.5# Amendment No. 1 to Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and M. Terry Turner, dated November 20, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, filed on February 22, 2013. 
 
 139 

10.6# Amendment No. 1 to Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and Robert A. McCabe, Jr., dated November 20, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, filed on February 22, 2013. 
 10.7# Amendment No. 1 to Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and Hugh M. Queener, dated November 20, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, filed on February 22, 2013. 
 10.8# Amendment No. 1 to Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and Harold R. Carpenter, dated November 20, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, filed on February 22, 2013. 
 10.9# Amendment No. 2 to Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and M. Terry Turner, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, filed on February 25, 2014. 
 10.10# Amendment No. 2 to Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and Robert A. McCabe, Jr., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, filed on February 25, 2014. 
 10.11# Amendment No. 2 to Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and Hugh M. Queener, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, filed on February 25, 2014. 
 10.12# Amendment No. 2 to Amended Employment Agreement by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and Harold R. Carpenter, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, filed on February 25, 2014. 
 10.13# Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of April 15, 2014, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 17, 2014. 
 10.14# CapitalMark Bank Trust Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan, effective as of July 31, 2015, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed August 10, 2015. 
 10.15# Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Avenue Bank and Ronald Samuels, dated October 26, 2007, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2016. 
 10.16# Employment Agreement, effective as of June 16, 2017, by and among Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and Richard D. Callicutt II, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 16, 2017. 
 10.17# Salary Continuation Agreement dated as of December 12, 2016, between Richard D. Callicutt II and Bank of North Carolina, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to BNC Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016. 
 10.18# BNC Bancorp 2013 Amended and Restated Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 16, 2017. 
 10.19# Form of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. Named Executive Officer Performance Award Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 26, 2018. 
 10.20# Form of Directors Restricted Stock Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 7, 2018. 
 10.21# Form of Named Executive Officers Performance Unit Award Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 7, 2018. 
 10.22# Form of Associate Time-Vested Restricted Stock Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 7, 2018. 
 10.23# Form of Named Executive Officers 2019 Performance Unit Award Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 18, 2019. 
 10.24# Form of Named Executive Officers 2020 Performance Unit Award Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2020. 
 
 140 

10.25# Form of 2021 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2021 
 10.26# Form of Named Executive Officers 2021 Performance Unit Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2021 
 10.27# Form of Amendment to Named Executive Officers 2019 Performance Unit Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2021 
 10.28# Form of Amendment to Named Executive Officers 2020 Performance Unit Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2021 
 10.29# Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC, dated February 2, 2021, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on February 26, 2021 
 10.30# Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 2022 Annual Cash Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2022. 
 10.31# Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 21, 2021. 
 10.32# Form of 2022 Restricted Share Unit Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2022. 
 10.33# Form of Named Executive Officers 2022 Performance Unit Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2022. 
 10.34# Form of Named Executive Officers Special Performance Unit Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2022. 
 10.35# Form of Named Executive officers 2023 Performance Unit Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023. 
 10.36# Form of Named Executive officers 2023 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2023. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Crowe LLP 
 23.2 Consent of Crowe LLP 
 23.3 Consent of Crowe LLP 
 31.1 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350 - Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350 - Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 99.1 Audited consolidated financial statements of Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 and for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30, 2022, the notes related thereto and the report of Crowe LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 99.2 Audited consolidated financial statements of Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC and Subsidi aries as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 and for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30, 2021, the notes related thereto and the report of Crowe LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Documents 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101) 
 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 141 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 (c) Schedules to the consolidated financial statements are omitted, as the required information is not applicable. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 142 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, INC By: /s/ M. Terry Turner M. Terry Turner Date: February 28, 2023 President and Chief Executive Officer 

143 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. SIGNATURES TITLE DATE /s/ Robert A. McCabe, Jr. Chairman of the Board February 28, 2023 Robert A. McCabe, Jr. /s/ M. Terry Turner Director, President and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2023 M. Terry Turner (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Harold R. Carpenter Chief Financial Officer February 28, 2023 Harold R. Carpenter (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Richard D. Callicutt Director, Chairman of the Carolinas and Virginia February 28, 2023 Richard D. Callicutt /s/ Abney S. Boxley Director February 28, 2023 Abney S. Boxley /s/ Charles E. Brock Director February 28, 2023 Charles E. Brock /s/ Renda J. Burkhart Director February 28, 2023 Renda J. Burkhart /s/ Gregory L. Burns Director February 28, 2023 Gregory L. Burns /s/ Marty G. Dickens Director February 28, 2023 Marty G. Dickens /s/ Thomas C. Farnsworth, III Director February 28, 2023 Thomas C. Farnsworth, III /s/ Joseph Galante Director February 28, 2023 Joseph Galante /s/ Glenda Baskin Glover Director February 28, 2023 Glenda Baskin Glover /s/ David B. Ingram Director February 28, 2023 David B. Ingram /s/ Decosta E. Jenkins Director February 28, 2023 Decosta E. Jenkins /s/ Reese L. Smith, III Director February 28, 2023 Reese L. Smith, III /s/ G. Kennedy Thompson Director February 28, 2023 G. Kennedy Thompson 
 
 144 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 exhibit42-pnfp12312210xk.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. s securities that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). As of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, the registrant has two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. s common stock, par value 1.00 per share, and depositary shares, each representing a 1 40th interest in a share of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. s 6.75 fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series B. 
 
 The following summary of the capital stock of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (the Company, Pinnacle Financial , we, our, or us and certain provisions of the Company s amended and restated charter, as amended, and bylaws, as amended, and certain provisions of applicable law, does not purport to be complete and is qualified by applicable law and by the provisions of our amended and restated charter, as amended, and bylaws, as amended, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, of which this exhibit is a part. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 
 General 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 180 million shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share, and 10 million shares of preferred stock, no par value, 225,000 shares of which have been designated as Series B preferred stock. As of February 22, 2023, 76,642,595 shares of our common stock were outstanding, and 225,000 shares of Series B preferred stock were outstanding. 
 
 Our outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders. Holders of our common stock do not have pre-emptive rights and are not entitled to cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors. Our common stock is neither redeemable nor convertible into other securities, and there are no sinking fund provisions with respect to the common stock. 
 
 Subject to the preferences applicable to any shares of our preferred stock outstanding at the time, including the Series B preferred stock as discussed below, holders of our common stock are entitled to, in the event of liquidation, share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities. 
 
 Election of Directors 
 
 Our amended and restated charter, as amended, and bylaws, as amended, provide that each member of our board of directors is elected annually to a one year term. Should a nominee to serve as a director that is nominated in an uncontested election fail to receive an affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the meeting at which the nominee is up for election, in person or by proxy, then that nominee, if that individual is an incumbent director, must tender his or her resignation to the chairman of our board of directors following the shareholder vote pursuant to our corporate governance guidelines. Subsequently, the nominating and corporate governance committee of our board of directors will consider the relevant facts and circumstances, including the factors that may have given rise to the resulting shareholder vote and the service and qualifications of the impacted director(s), and recommend to the board of directors within ninety days of the shareholder vote as to whether to accept or reject the resignation of the impacted director(s). Our board of directors will also consider the relevant facts and circumstances when considering whether to accept or reject the nominating and corporate governance committee s recommendation. Subsequently, we will describe a full explanation of the above process and the decisions regarding the impacted director(s) continued service on the board of directors in a Form 8-K filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 

SEC ). Any director who tenders his resignation in the manner described in this paragraph will not participate in any discussion or recommendation related to the above process. 
 
 Our bylaws also grant our board of directors the power to increase or decrease the number of directors and to fill vacancies. The overall effect of this provision may be to prevent a person or entity from seeking to acquire control of us through an increase in the number of directors on our board of directors and the election of designated nominees to fill newly created vacancies. 
 
 As discussed below, holder of the Series B preferred stock (and consequently the underlying depositary shares) have the right to elect two additional directors under limited circumstances. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for dividends. In order to pay any dividends, we will need to receive dividends from our wholly owned subsidiary, Pinnacle Bank, or have other sources of funds. Under Tennessee banking law, Pinnacle Bank is subject to restrictions on the payment of dividends to us. Pursuant to these laws, Pinnacle Bank may not, without the prior consent of the Commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Financial Institutions pay any dividends to us in a year in excess of the total of Pinnacle Bank s net income for that year plus the retained net income for the preceding two years. In addition, as discussed below, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock if we fail to pay dividends on our Series B preferred stock. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2013, we initiated a quarterly common stock dividend. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we paid 49.4 million in dividends to common shareholders. Our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders in the future will depend on our earnings and financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements, the general economic and regulatory climate, our ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to our common stock and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 
 
 Corporate Transactions 
 
 Our amended and restated charter, as amended, with exceptions, requires that any merger or similar transaction involving us or any sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office and the affirmative vote of a majority of the holders of the outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote on the transaction. 
 
 Our amended and restated charter, as amended, describes the factors that our board of directors must consider in evaluating whether an acquisition proposal made by another party is in our shareholders best interests. The term acquisition proposal refers to any offer of another party to 
 
 make a tender offer or exchange offer for our common stock or any other equity security of ours 
 merge or consolidate us with another corporation or 
 purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all of the properties and assets owned by us. 
 
 The board of directors, in determining what is in our and our shareholders best interests, is required to give due consideration to all relevant factors, including, without limitation 
 
 the short-term and long-term social and economic effects of the transaction on our and our subsidiaries employees, clients, shareholders and other constituents 
 the consideration being offered by the other corporation in relation to (1) our current value at the time of the proposal as determined in a freely negotiated transaction and (2) the board of directors estimate of our future value as an independent company at the time of the proposal 
 the short-term and long-term social and economic effects on the communities within which we operate. 
 
 We have included this provision in our amended and restated charter, as amended, because serving our community was, and remains, one of the reasons for organizing Pinnacle Bank. As a result, the board of directors 

believes its obligation in evaluating an acquisition proposal extends beyond evaluating merely the payment being offered in relation to the market or book value of our common stock at the time of the proposal. 
 
 While the value of what is being offered to shareholders in exchange for their stock is the main factor when weighing the benefits of an acquisition proposal, our board of directors believes it is appropriate to also consider all other relevant factors. For example, the board will evaluate what is being offered in relation to our current value at the time of the proposal as determined in a freely negotiated transaction and in relation to the board s estimate of our future value as an independent concern at the time of the proposal. A takeover bid often places the target corporation virtually in the position of making a forced sale, sometimes when the market price of its stock may be depressed. Our board of directors believes that frequently the payment offered in such a situation, even though it may exceed the value at which shares are then trading, is less than that which could be obtained in a freely negotiated transaction. In a freely negotiated transaction, management would have the opportunity to seek a suitable partner at a time of its choosing and to negotiate for the most favorable price and terms that would reflect not only on our current value, but also our future value. 
 
 One effect of the provision requiring our board of directors to take into account specific factors when considering an acquisition proposal may be to discourage a tender offer in advance. Often an offeror consults the board of a target corporation before or after beginning a tender offer in an attempt to prevent a contest from developing. In our board s opinion, this provision will strengthen its position in dealing with any potential offeror that might attempt to acquire the company through a hostile tender offer. Another effect of this provision may be to dissuade shareholders who might be displeased with the board s response to an acquisition proposal from engaging us in costly litigation. 
 
 The applicable charter provisions would not make an acquisition proposal regarded by our board of directors as being in our best interests more difficult to accomplish. It would, however, permit the board to determine that an acquisition proposal was not in our best interests, and thus to oppose it, on the basis of the various factors that the board deems relevant. In some cases, opposition by the board might have the effect of maintaining incumbent management. 
 
 Our amended and restated charter, as amended, provides that all extraordinary corporate transactions to which we are a party must be approved by a majority of the directors and a majority of the shares entitled to vote. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Statutes 
 
 The Tennessee Control Share Acquisition Act generally provides that, except as stated below, control shares will not have any voting rights. Control shares are shares acquired by a person under certain circumstances which, when added to other shares owned, would give such person effective control over one-fifth, one-third, or a majority of all voting power in the election of a Tennessee corporation s directors. Shares acquired by such person that causes it to exceed each of these thresholds will be deemed to be control shares. However, voting rights will be restored to control shares by resolution approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the corporation s voting stock, other than shares held by the owner of the control shares. If voting rights are granted to control shares which give the holder a majority of all voting power in the election of the corporation s directors, then the corporation s other shareholders may require the corporation to redeem their shares at fair value. 
 
 The Tennessee Control Share Acquisition Act is not applicable to us because our amended and restated charter, as amended, does not contain a specific provision opting in to the act as is required under the act. 
 
 The Tennessee Investor Protection Act, or TIPA, provides that unless a Tennessee corporation s board of directors has recommended a takeover offer to shareholders, no offeror beneficially owning 5 or more of any class of equity securities of the offeree company, any of which was purchased within the preceding year, may make a takeover offer for any class of equity security of the offeree company if after completion the offeror would be a beneficial owner of more than 10 of any class of outstanding equity securities of the company unless the offeror, before making such purchase (1) makes a public announcement of his or her intention with respect to changing or influencing the management or control of the offeree company (2) makes a full, fair and effective disclosure of such intention to the person from whom he or she intends to acquire such securities and (3) files with the Tennessee 

Commissioner of Commerce and Insurance, or the Commissioner, and the offeree company a statement signifying such intentions and containing such additional information as may be prescribed by the Commissioner. 
 
 The offeror must provide that any equity securities of an offeree company deposited or tendered pursuant to a takeover offer may be withdrawn by an offeree at any time within seven days from the date the offer has become effective following filing with the Commissioner and the offeree company and public announcement of the terms or after 60 days from the date the offer has become effective. If the takeover offer is for less than all the outstanding equity securities of any class, such an offer must also provide for acceptance of securities pro rata if the number of securities tendered is greater than the number the offeror has offered to accept and pay for. If such an offeror varies the terms of the takeover offer before its expiration date by increasing the consideration offered to offerees, the offeror must pay the increased consideration for all equity securities accepted, whether accepted before or after the variation in the terms of the offer. 
 
 The TIPA does not apply to us, as it does not apply to bank holding companies subject to regulation by a federal agency. 
 
 The TBCA generally prohibits a business combination by us or a subsidiary with an interested shareholder within five years after such shareholder becomes an interested shareholder. We or a subsidiary of ours can, however, enter into a business combination within that period if, before the interested shareholder became such, our board of directors approved the business combination or the transaction in which the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder. After that five-year moratorium, the business combination with the interested shareholder can be consummated only if it satisfies certain fair price criteria or is approved by two-thirds (2 3) of the other shareholders. 
 
 For purposes of the TBCA, a business combination includes mergers, share exchanges, sales and leases of assets, issuances of securities, and similar transactions. An interested shareholder is generally any person or entity that beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of any outstanding class or series of our stock. Our charter does not have special requirements for transactions with interested parties however all business combinations, as defined above, must be approved by a majority of our directors and a majority of the shares entitled to vote. 
 
 The Tennessee Greenmail Act applies to a Tennessee corporation that has a class of voting stock registered or traded on a national securities exchange or registered with the SEC pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. Under the Tennessee Greenmail Act, we may not purchase any of our shares at a price above the market value of such shares from any person who holds more than 3 of the class of securities to be purchased if such person has held such shares for less than two years, unless the purchase has been approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of each class of voting stock issued by us or we make an offer, of at least equal value per share, to all shareholders of such class. 
 
 Indemnification 
 
 The TBCA provides that a corporation may indemnify any of its directors and officers against liability incurred in connection with a proceeding if (a) such person acted in good faith (b) in the case of conduct in an official capacity with the corporation, the person reasonably believed such conduct was in the corporation s best interests (c) in all other cases, the person reasonably believed that the person s conduct was at least not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and (d) in connection with any criminal proceeding, such person had no reasonable cause to believe the person s conduct was unlawful. In actions brought by or in the right of the corporation, however, the TBCA provides that no indemnification may be made if the director or officer was adjudged to be liable to the corporation. The TBCA also provides that in connection with any proceeding charging improper personal benefit to an officer or director, no indemnification may be made if such officer or director is adjudged liable on the basis that such personal benefit was improperly received. In cases where the director or officer is wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding instigated because of his or her status as a director or officer of a corporation, the TBCA mandates that the corporation indemnify the director or officer against reasonable expenses incurred in the proceeding. The TBCA provides that a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the corporation s charter provides otherwise, upon application, may order that an officer or director be indemnified for reasonable expenses if, in consideration of all relevant circumstances, the court determines that such individual is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, notwithstanding the fact that (a) 

such officer or director was adjudged liable to the corporation in a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation (b) such officer or director was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received by the officer or director or (c) such officer or director breached the officer s or director s duty of care to the corporation. 
 
 Our amended and restated charter, as amended, provides that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by the TBCA. Our bylaws provide that we shall indemnify our directors and officers that are made a party to a proceeding because they were a director or officer of ours for reasonable expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including attorneys fees) incurred in connection with the proceeding if he or she acted in a manner believed in good faith to be in or not opposed to our best interests, and in the case of any criminal proceeding, he or she had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. In addition, our bylaws provide that we shall pay for or reimburse the reasonable expenses incurred by a director or officer who is a party to a proceeding in advance of final disposition of the proceeding if he or she furnishes us with (1) a written affirmation of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct that would entitle him or her to indemnification and (2) a written statement that he or she will repay any advances if it is ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to indemnification. 
 
 Under our bylaws, as amended, the termination of a proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, is not, of itself, determinative of whether the director or officer met the standard of conduct required in order for him or her to be entitled to indemnification. Our board of directors, shareholders or independent legal counsel determines whether the director or officer has met the applicable standard of conduct in each specific case. 
 
 Our amended and restated charter, as amended, and bylaws, as amended, also provide that the indemnification rights contained therein do not exclude other indemnification rights to which a director or officer may be entitled under any bylaw, resolution or agreement, either specifically or in general terms approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote. We can also provide for greater indemnification than is provided for in the bylaws if we choose to do so, subject to approval by our shareholders and the limitations provided in our amended and restated charter, as amended, as discussed in the subsequent paragraph. 
 
 Our amended and restated charter, as amended, eliminates, with exceptions, the potential personal liability of a director for monetary damages to us and our shareholders for breach of a duty as a director. There is, however, no elimination of liability for 
 
 a breach of the director s duty of loyalty to our shareholders 
 an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law or 
 any payment of a dividend or approval of a stock repurchase that is illegal under the TBCA 
 
 Our amended and restated charter, as amended, does not eliminate or limit our right or the right of our shareholders to seek injunctive or other equitable relief not involving monetary damages. 
 
 The indemnification provisions of the bylaws specifically provide that we may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any director or officer against any liability asserted against and incurred by him or her in his or her capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent whether or not we would have had the power to indemnify him or her against such liability. 
 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. serves as the registrar and transfer agent for our common stock. 

DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK 
 General 
 
 The number of authorized shares of the Series B preferred stock currently is 225,000. The number of authorized shares may from time to time be increased (but not in excess of the total number of authorized shares of preferred stock, less all shares at the time authorized of any other series of preferred stock) or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Series B preferred stock then outstanding) by resolution of the board of directors, without the vote or consent of the holders of the Series B preferred stock. We have the authority to issue fractional shares of Series B preferred stock. 
 
 We may in the future from time to time, without notice to or consent of the holders of the Series B preferred stock or the holders of the depositary shares, issue additional shares of the Series B preferred stock provided, that such additional shares are fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes with the shares of Series B preferred stock and related depositary shares. The additional shares of Series B preferred stock would form a single series with the outstanding Series B preferred stock. In the event we issue additional shares of Series B preferred stock, we will issue an appropriate and corresponding number of additional depositary shares. We may also issue additional shares of other series of preferred stock at any time and from time to time, without notice to or the consent of holders of the Series B preferred stock or the related depositary shares. 
 
 Any additional preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each with such voting powers, full or limited, and such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as our board of directors may determine prior to the time of issuance. 
 
 Holders of the Series B preferred stock do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more of our stock. The Series B preferred stock has no stated maturity and is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of our common stock or any other class or series of our other securities and is not subject to any sinking fund or any other obligation of us for repurchase or retirement. The Series B preferred stock represents non-withdrawable capital, is not an account of an insurable type, and is not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other governmental agency or instrumentality. 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The Series B preferred stock ranks senior to our common stock and each other class or series of capital stock we may issue in the future the terms of which do not expressly provide that it ranks on a parity as to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution and winding-up of Pinnacle Financial with or senior to the Series B preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Pinnacle Financial. The Series B preferred stock ranks on a parity as to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution and winding-up of Pinnacle Financial with any class or series of capital stock we may issue in the future the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will rank on a parity with the Series B preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Pinnacle Financial. The Series B preferred stock ranks junior to all of Pinnacle Financial s existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities and any class or series of our capital stock we may issue in the future that is expressly stated to be senior to the Series B preferred stock with respect to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Pinnacle Financial. The issuance of such senior series of capital stock must be approved by the requisite holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series B preferred stock and all other stock on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock, if any having such voting rights, voting together as a single class. See Description of the Series B Preferred Stock Voting Rights below. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Dividends on shares of the Series B preferred stock are discretionary, not mandatory, and will not be cumulative. Holders of the Series B preferred stock will be entitled to receive, if, when, and as declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors, out of legally available assets, non-cumulative cash dividends quarterly in arrears on March 1, June 1, September 1, and November 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2020 (each such date being referred to herein as a dividend payment date ). Dividends accrue from the immediately preceding dividend payment date at a rate per annum equal to 6.75 . In the event that we issue 

additional shares of Series B preferred stock after the original issue date, dividends on such shares may accrue from the original issue date or any other date we specify at the time such additional shares are issued. References to the accrual of dividends herein refer only to the determination of the amount of such dividend and do not imply that any right to a dividend arises prior to the date on which a dividend is declared. We will not pay interest or any sum of money instead of interest on any dividend payment that may be in arrears on the Series B preferred stock. 
 
 Dividends will be payable to holders of record of Series B preferred stock as they appear on our books on the applicable record date (each such date being referred to herein as a dividend record date ), which shall be the 15th calendar day before the dividend payment date or such other record date fixed by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors that is not less than 10 calendar days or more than 30 calendar days before the applicable dividend payment date. 
 
 A dividend period is the period from and including a dividend payment date to, but excluding, the next dividend payment date or any earlier redemption date, except that the initial dividend period commenced on and included the original issue date of the Series B preferred stock and ended on and excluded the first dividend payment date. Any dividend payable on shares of the Series B preferred stock for any dividend period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dollar amounts resulting from that calculation will be rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded upward. If any dividend payment date is not a business day, then the related payment of dividends will be made on the next succeeding business day, and no additional dividends will accrue on such payment. 
 
 The term business day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or regulation to close in New York, New York. 
 Dividends on shares of the Series B preferred stock will not be cumulative. Accordingly, if our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors does not declare a full dividend on the Series B preferred stock payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue and we will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Series B preferred stock are declared for any future dividend period. 
 
 We are subject to statutory and regulatory prohibitions and other limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends on the Series B preferred stock. Dividends on the Series B preferred stock will not be declared, paid, or set aside for payment if we fail to comply, or if and to the extent such act would cause us to fail to comply, with applicable laws and regulations. In particular, dividends on the Series B preferred stock may not be declared or set aside for payment if and to the extent such dividends would cause us to fail to comply with the capital adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy rules or regulations of any successor appropriate federal banking agency) applicable to us. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we paid 7.6 million in dividends on the Series B preferred stock. 
 
 Priority of Dividends 
 
 The Series B preferred stock will rank junior as to payment of dividends to any class or series of our preferred stock that we may issue in the future that is expressly stated to be senior to the Series B preferred stock. If at any time we do not pay, on the applicable dividend payment date, accrued dividends on any shares that rank in priority to the Series B preferred stock with respect to dividends, we may not pay any dividends on the Series B preferred stock or repurchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of Series B preferred stock until we have paid, or set aside for payment, the full amount of the unpaid dividends on the shares that rank in priority with respect to dividends that must, under the terms of such shares, be paid before we may pay dividends on, repurchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire for consideration, the Series B preferred stock. 

So long as any share of Series B preferred stock remains outstanding, unless the full dividends for the most recently completed dividend period have been declared and paid, or set aside for payment, on all outstanding shares of Series B preferred stock 
 
 no dividend or distribution shall be declared, paid, or set aside for payment on any junior stock (other than (i) a dividend payable solely in junior stock or (ii) a dividend in connection with the implementation of a shareholders rights plan, or the issuance of rights, stock, or other property under any such plan, or the redemption or repurchase of any rights under any such plan) 
 
 no junior stock shall be repurchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired for consideration by us, directly or indirectly (other than (i) as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, (ii) the exchange or conversion of shares of junior stock for or into other shares of junior stock, (iii) through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of junior stock, (iv) purchases, redemptions, or other acquisitions of shares of the junior stock in connection with any employment contract, benefit plan, or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of employees, officers, directors, or consultants, (v) purchases of shares of junior stock pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy junior stock existing prior to the most recently completed dividend period, (vi) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of junior stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such stock or the security being converted or exchanged or (vii) the acquisition by us or any of our subsidiaries of record ownership in junior stock for the beneficial ownership of any other persons (other than for the beneficial ownership by us or any of our subsidiaries), including as trustees or custodians nor shall any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities and 
 
 no parity stock shall be repurchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired for consideration by us, directly or indirectly (other than (i) pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the Series B preferred stock and any parity stock, (ii) as a result of a reclassification of any parity stock for or into other parity stock, (iii) the exchange or conversion of any parity stock for or into other parity stock or junior stock, (iv) through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of parity stock, (v) purchases of shares of parity stock pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy parity stock existing prior to the most recently completed dividend period, (vi) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of parity stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such stock or the security being converted or exchanged), or (vii) the acquisition by us or any of our subsidiaries of record ownership in parity stock for the beneficial ownership of any other persons (other than for the beneficial ownership by us or any of our subsidiaries), including as trustees or custodians nor shall any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities. 
 
 When dividends are not paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for payment thereof set aside) on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock, as defined below, having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series B preferred stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series B preferred stock) in full on the Series B preferred stock and any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared on the Series B preferred stock and all such equally ranking securities payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series B preferred stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series B preferred stock) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per share on the Series B preferred stock and all parity stock payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series B preferred stock, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series B preferred stock) bear to each other. 
 
 As used herein, junior stock means any class or series of stock of Pinnacle Financial that ranks junior to the Series B preferred stock as to the payment of dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Pinnacle Financial. Junior stock includes our common stock. 

As used herein, parity stock means any other class or series of stock of Pinnacle Financial that ranks equally with the Series B preferred stock in the payment of dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Pinnacle Financial. 
 
 Subject to the foregoing, dividends (payable in cash, stock, or otherwise) may be declared and paid on our junior stock, which includes our common stock, from time to time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the holders of Series B preferred stock or parity stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event that we voluntarily or involuntarily liquidate, dissolve, or wind up our affairs, holders of the Series B preferred stock are entitled to receive out of our assets available for distribution to shareholders, after satisfaction of liabilities and obligations to creditors, if any, and subject to the rights of holders of any shares of capital stock then outstanding ranking senior to or on parity with the Series B preferred stock with respect to distributions upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of our business and affairs, including the Series B preferred stock, and before we make any distribution or payment out of our assets to the holders of our common stock or any other class or series of our capital stock ranking junior to the Series B preferred stock with respect to distributions upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up, an amount per share equal to the liquidation preference of 1,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share) plus any declared and unpaid dividends prior to the payment of the liquidating distribution (but without any amount in respect of dividends that have not been declared prior to the date of payment of the liquidating distribution). After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distribution described above, the holders of the Series B preferred stock shall not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution of our assets. 
 
 In any such distribution, if our assets are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preference in full to all holders of Series B preferred stock and all holders of any shares of our capital stock ranking as to any such liquidating distribution on parity with the Series B preferred stock, including the Series B preferred stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series B preferred stock and to such other shares will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount otherwise payable to such holder in such distribution (assuming no limitation on our assets available for such distribution), including any declared but unpaid dividends (and, in the case of any holder of stock other than the Series B preferred stock and on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis, an amount equal to any unpaid, accrued, cumulative dividends, whether or not declared, as applicable). If the liquidation preference per share of Series B preferred stock has been paid in full to all holders of Series B preferred stock and the liquidation preference per share of any other capital stock ranking on parity with the Series B preferred stock as to liquidation rights has been paid in full, the holders of our common stock or any other capital stock ranking, as to liquidation rights, junior to the Series B preferred stock will be entitled to receive all of our remaining assets according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 
 The Series B preferred stock may be fully subordinate to interests held by the U.S. government in the event we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation, or similar proceeding, including a proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. 
 
 Neither the sale, conveyance, exchange, or transfer of all or substantially all of our assets or business, nor the consolidation or merger by us with or into any other entity or by another entity with or into us, whether for cash, securities, or other property, individually or as part of a series of transactions, will constitute a liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of our affairs. 
 
 Because we are a holding company, our rights and the rights of our creditors and our shareholders, including the holders of the Series B preferred stock, to participate in any distribution of assets of any of our subsidiaries upon that subsidiary s liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or winding-up or otherwise would be subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary s creditors, except to the extent that we are a creditor with recognized claims against the subsidiary. 
 
 Holders of the Series B preferred stock are subordinate to all of our indebtedness and to other non-equity claims on us and our assets, including in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar 

proceeding. In addition, holders of the Series B preferred stock (and of depositary shares representing the Series B preferred stock) may be fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. 
 
 Redemption 
 
 The Series B preferred stock is perpetual and has no maturity date and is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, or other similar provisions. The holders of the Series B preferred stock do not have any right to require the redemption or repurchase of their shares of Series B preferred stock. 
 
 We may, at our option and subject to any required regulatory approval, redeem the Series B preferred stock (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after September 1, 2025, or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event, in each case at a redemption price equal to 1,000 per share (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus the per share amount of any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, on the Series B preferred stock to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption (the redemption date ). Any declared but unpaid dividends payable on a redemption date that occurs subsequent to the applicable dividend record date will not be paid to the holder entitled to receive the redemption price on the redemption date, but rather will be paid to the holder of record of the redeemed shares on such record date relating to the applicable dividend payment date. 
 
 We are a bank holding company regulated by the Federal Reserve. We intend to treat the Series B preferred stock as additional tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy rules or regulations of any successor appropriate federal banking agency) applicable to us. 
 
 A regulatory capital treatment event means the good faith determination by us, that, as a result of any 
 
 amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws, rules, or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any agency or instrumentality of the United States, including the Federal Reserve and other appropriate federal bank regulatory agencies) that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of the Series B preferred stock 
 
 proposed change in those laws, rules, or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of the Series B preferred stock or 
 
 official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws, rules, or regulations or policies with respect thereto that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of the Series B preferred stock 

there is more than an insubstantial risk that we will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation preference amount of 1,000 per share of the Series B preferred stock then outstanding as additional tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines, rules or regulations of the Federal Reserve (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy rules, guidelines or regulations of any successor appropriate federal banking agency) as then in effect and applicable, for so long as any share of Series B preferred stock is outstanding. Appropriate federal banking agency means the appropriate federal banking agency with respect to us as that term is defined in Section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or any successor provision. 
 
 Under regulations currently applicable to us, we may not exercise our option to redeem any shares of Series B preferred stock without obtaining the prior approval of the Federal Reserve (or any successor appropriate federal banking agency). Under such regulations, unless the Federal Reserve (or any successor appropriate federal banking agency) authorizes us to do otherwise in writing, we may not redeem the Series B preferred stock unless it is replaced with other tier 1 capital instruments or unless we can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Federal Reserve (or any successor appropriate federal banking agency) that, following redemption, we will continue to hold capital commensurate with our risk. 

If shares of the Series B preferred stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall be given to the holders of record of the Series B preferred stock to be redeemed, by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of such shares to be redeemed at their respective last addresses appearing on our stock register not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided that, if the shares of Series B preferred stock are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company DTC we may give such notice in any manner permitted by DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth 
 
 the redemption date 
 
 the number of shares of the Series B preferred stock to be redeemed and, if less than all of the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder 
 
 the redemption price 
 
 the place or places where certificates for shares of the Series B preferred stock, if any, are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and 
 
 that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. 

If notice of redemption of any shares of Series B preferred stock has been duly given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by us for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series B preferred stock so called for redemption, then, on and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series B preferred stock, such shares of Series B preferred stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding, and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price, without interest. 
 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series B preferred stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected (i) pro rata from the holders of records of the Series B preferred stock in proportion to the number of shares of the Series B preferred stock held by such holders, (ii) by lot, or (iii) in such other manner as we may determine to be equitable and permitted by DTC and the rules of any national securities exchange on which the Series B preferred stock is then listed. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Except as provided below or as required by law, the holders of Series B preferred stock have no voting rights. 
 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of Series B preferred stock or any shares of voting preferred stock (as defined below) shall have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (a Nonpayment Event ), the holders of Series B preferred stock, voting together as a class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of our board of directors (the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that our board of directors shall at no time include more than two Preferred Stock Directors and that the election of any Preferred Stock Directors shall not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or any other exchange on which our securities may be listed) including the requirements that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors. In the event that the holders of the Series B preferred stock and other holders of voting preferred stock are entitled to vote for the election of the Preferred Stock Directors following a Nonpayment Event, the number of directors on our board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series B preferred stock or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the shareholders, in which event such election shall be held only at such next annual or special meeting of shareholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the shares of Series B preferred stock and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least four consecutive dividend periods following the Nonpayment Event shall have been fully paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends shall have been set aside for payment). 
 
 As used herein, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of preferred stock of Pinnacle Financial ranking equally with the Series B preferred stock as to dividends and upon which like voting rights have been 

conferred and are exercisable. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the shares of Series B preferred stock and any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the shares voted. 
 
 If and when dividends for at least four consecutive dividend periods following a Nonpayment Event have been paid in full, the holders of Series B preferred stock shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment Event) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically be reduced accordingly. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B preferred stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class with all series of voting preferred stock then outstanding). So long as a Nonpayment Event shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment Event) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B preferred stock and all voting preferred stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a class). The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter that shall come before the Board of Directors for a vote. 
 
 So long as any shares of Series B preferred stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series B preferred stock and all other series of voting preferred stock at the time outstanding and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class 
 
 amend or alter the provisions of our restated charter so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series B preferred stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Pinnacle Financial 
 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our restated charter so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series B preferred stock, taken as a whole or 
 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series B preferred stock or a merger or consolidation of Pinnacle Financial with another corporation or other entity, unless in each case (i) the shares of Series B preferred stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or 

provided, however, that any creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Series B preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Pinnacle Financial will not be deemed to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series B preferred stock. 
 
 If any amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series B preferred stock for this purpose), then only the series adversely affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 

Without the consent of the holders of Series B preferred stock, so long as such action does not adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions thereof, of the Series B preferred stock, we may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series B preferred stock 
 
 to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the articles of amendment establishing the Series B preferred stock that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series B preferred stock that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the articles of amendment establishing the Series B preferred stock. 

The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series B preferred stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been set aside by us for the benefit of the holders of Series B preferred stock to effect such redemption. 
 
 Preemptive and Conversion Rights 
 
 The holders of the Series B preferred stock do not have any preemptive or conversion rights. 
 
 Additional Classes or Series of Stock 
 
 We have the right to authorize and issue additional classes or series of stock ranking equally with or junior to the Series B preferred stock as to dividends or distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up without the consent of the holders of the Series B preferred stock, or the holders of the related depositary shares. 
 
 Transfer Agent, Registrar 
 
 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. is the transfer agent, registrar, dividend disbursing agent and redemption agent for the Series B preferred stock. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSITARY SHARES 
 
 General 
 
 Each depositary share represents a 1 40th ownership interest in a share of the Series B preferred stock, and is evidenced by a depositary receipt. The underlying shares of the Series B preferred stock represented by the depositary shares were deposited with a depositary pursuant to a deposit agreement among us, Computershare Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Computershare Trust Company, N.A., jointly acting as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, each holder of a depositary share is entitled to all the rights and preferences of the shares of Series B preferred stock (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights) in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Series B preferred stock represented by such depositary share. There are currently 9,000,000 depositary shares outstanding. 
 
 We may amend the form of depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement at any time and from time to time by agreement with the depositary. However, any amendment that materially and adversely alters any right of the holders of depositary shares will not be effective unless the holders of at least two-thirds of the depositary shares then outstanding approve the amendment. We will make no amendment that impairs the right of any holder of depositary shares to surrender such depositary shares to the depositary with instructions to deliver to such holder shares of the Series B preferred stock, except in order to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable law. Holders who retain or acquire their depositary receipts after an amendment becomes effective will be deemed to have agreed to the amendment and will be bound by the amended deposit agreement. 

The deposit agreement may be terminated if 
 
 all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed 
 
 a final distribution in respect of the Series B preferred stock has been made to the holders of depositary shares in connection with any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Pinnacle Financial or 
 
 consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the depositary shares outstanding is obtained. 

As used herein, references to holders of the depositary shares mean those who have the depositary shares registered in their own names, on the books that we or the depositary maintain for this purpose, and not indirect holders who own beneficial interests in the depositary shares registered in the street name of or issued in book-entry form through the Depositary Trust Company. 
 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 
 Each dividend on a depositary share will be in an amount equal to 1 40th of the dividend declared on each share of the Series B preferred stock. 
 
 The depositary will distribute all dividends and other cash distributions received on the Series B preferred stock to the holders of record of the depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by each holder. In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the holders of record of the depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines, after consultation with us, that this distribution is not feasible, in which case the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of distribution that it deems equitable and practicable, including the sale of the property and distribution of the net proceeds from that sale to the holders of the depositary shares. 
 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the depositary shares will be the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series B preferred stock. 
 
 The amounts distributed to holders of the depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. The depositary may refuse to make any payment or distribution, or any transfer, exchange or withdrawal of any depositary share until such taxes or other governmental charges are paid. 
 
 Charges of Depositary 
 
 We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements. We will pay associated charges of the depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the Series B preferred stock and any redemption of the Series B preferred stock. Holders of the depositary shares will pay transfer, income, and other taxes and governmental charges and such other charges as are expressly provided in the deposit agreement to be for their accounts. If these charges have not been paid by the holders of the depositary shares, the depositary may refuse to transfer depositary shares, withhold dividends and distributions, and sell the depositary shares. 
 
 Redemption of the Depositary Shares 
 
 If we redeem the Series B preferred stock represented by the depositary shares, the depositary shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption of the Series B preferred stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to 1 40th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series B preferred stock (equivalent to 25 per depositary Share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, on the shares of the Series B preferred stock. Whenever we redeem shares of the Series B preferred stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of the depositary shares representing shares of the Series B preferred stock so redeemed. 

In case of any redemption of less than all of the outstanding depositary shares, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata, by lot or in such other manner as the we may determine to be fair and equitable (which determination we will promptly notify the depositary of in writing). In any case, the depositary will redeem the depositary shares only in increments of 40 depositary shares and any integral multiple thereof. The depositary will provide notice of redemption to record holders of the depositary shares not less than 25 and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption of the Series B preferred stock and the related depositary shares. 
 
 Voting of the Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 Because each depositary share represents a 1 40th interest in a share of Series B preferred stock, holders of depositary shares will be entitled to 1 40th of a vote per depositary share under those limited circumstances in which holders of the Series B preferred stock are entitled to a vote, as described above in Description of the Series B Preferred Stock Voting Rights . 
 
 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series B preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the depositary shares relating to the Series B preferred stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series B preferred stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series B preferred stock represented by the holder s depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote or cause to be voted the amount of the Series B preferred stock represented by the depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares, it will vote all depositary shares held by it proportionately with instructions received. 
 
 Depositary 
 
 Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. are currently acting as the joint depositary for the depositary shares. We may terminate such appointment and may appoint a successor depositary at any time and from time to time, provided that we will use our best efforts to ensure that there is, at all relevant times when the Series B preferred stock is outstanding, a person or entity appointed and serving as such depositary. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit21112312022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries Subsidiaries Jurisdiction or State of Incorporation Names Under Which Subsidiary Does Business (1) Pinnacle Bank (2) Tennessee PFP Title Company (3) Tennessee Pinnacle Community Development, Inc. (3) Tennessee Pinnacle Community Development SLP, Inc. (3) Tennessee PNFP Statutory Trust I (4) Connecticut PNFP Statutory Trust II (4) Delaware PNFP Statutory Trust III (4) Delaware PNFP Statutory Trust IV (4) Delaware PNFP Holdings, Inc. (5) Nevada PNFP Properties, Inc. (6) Maryland Pinnacle Wealth Advisors, Inc. (7) Tennessee PNFP Insurance, Inc.(7) Tennessee Miller, Loughry & Beach Insurance Services, Inc. Tennessee Miller Loughry Beach PNB Holding Co. 1, Inc. (3) Tennessee PNFP Capital Markets, Inc. (3) Tennessee PNFP Aviation, LLC (3) Tennessee BNC Capital Trust I (4) Delaware BNC Capital Trust II (4) Delaware BNC Capital Trust III (4) Delaware BNC Capital Trust IV (4) Delaware Valley Financial (VA) Statutory Trust I (4) Connecticut Valley Financial (VA) Statutory Trust II (4) Connecticut Valley Financial Statutory Trust III (4) Delaware Southcoast Capital Trust III (4) Delaware BFNM Building, LLC South Carolina HPB Insurance Group, Inc. (3) North Carolina Pinnacle NC Investments, Inc. (3) North Carolina Advocate Capital, Inc. (3) Tennessee Advocap Insurance Agency, Inc. (8) Tennessee JB&B Capital, LLC (3) Tennessee 
 
 (1) Unless otherwise noted, each Subsidiary only does business under its legal name as set forth under the heading Subsidiaries. 
 (2) Pinnacle Bank is organized under the laws of the State of Tennessee and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 
 (3) PFP Title Company, Pinnacle Community Development, Inc., Pinnacle Community Development SLP, Inc., Miller, Loughry & Beach Insurance Services, Inc., PNB Holding Co. 1, Inc., PNFP Capital Markets, Inc., PNFP Aviation, LLC, HPB Insurance Group, Inc., Pinnacle NC Investments, Inc., Advocate Capital, Inc. and JB&B Capital, LLC are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Pinnacle Bank. 
 (4) These entities are statutory business trusts which were established to issue capital trust preferred securities. 
 (5) PNFP Holdings, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PFP Title Company. 
 (6) PNFP Properties, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PNFP Holdings, Inc. 

(7) Pinnacle Wealth Advisors, Inc. and PNFP Insurance, Inc. are wholly owned subsidiaries of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 
 (8) Advocap Insurance Agency, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Advocate Capital, Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit23112312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements Nos. 333-49564, 333-195712, 333-206092, 333-218797 333-224839 and 333-255437 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement 333-238707 on Form S-3 of our report dated February 28, 2023 relating to the consolidated balance sheets of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated the same date related to the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which appear in the December 31, 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 

s Crowe LLP 
 
 Denver, Colorado 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 exhibit23212312022.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated December 13, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 and for the years then ended, appearing as Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, in the following Registration Statements of the Company Numbers 333-49564, 333-195712, 333-206092, 333-218797, 333-224839 and 333-255437 on Form S-8 and Number 333-238707 on Form S-3. 

s Crowe LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 6
 exhibit23312312022.htm
 EX-23.3

Document 

Exhibit 23.3 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated January 24, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended, appearing as Exhibit 99.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, in the following Registration Statements of the Company Numbers 333-49564, 333-195712, 333-206092, 333-218797, 333-224839 and 333-255437 on Form S-8 and Number 333-238707 on Form S-3. 

s Crowe LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 
 
 I, M. Terry Turner, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-K of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 28, 2023 Signature s M. Terry Turner M. Terry Turner President and Chief Executive Officer Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification 
 
 I, Harold R. Carpenter, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-K of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 28, 2023 Signature s Harold R. Carpenter Harold R. Carpenter Chief Financial Officer Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32112312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Pinnacle Financial Partners (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, M. Terry Turner, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 28, 2023 s M. Terry Turner M. Terry Turner President and Chief Executive Officer Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex32212312022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Pinnacle Financial Partners (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Harold R. Carpenter, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 28, 2023 s Harold R. Carpenter Harold R. Carpenter Chief Financial Officer Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 11
 a2021bankershealthcaregr.htm
 EX-99.1

a2021bankershealthcaregr 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2021 and 2020 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES Davie, Florida CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2021 and 2020 CONTENTS REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ........................................ 1 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS .............................................................................................. 3 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME ................................................................................ 5 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ................................................ 6 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY .......................... 7 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS ....................................................................... 8 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .............................................................. 10 Crowe LLP Independent Member Crowe Global (Continued) 1. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC and Subsidiaries Davie, Florida Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC and Subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 2. Transfers of Loan Receivables The Company enters into arrangements to transfer loan receivables. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Transfers and Servicing (Topic 860), as described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, transfers of loan receivables meeting the criteria for a sale are derecognized from the balance sheet and a net gain or loss on the sale is recognized in Loan Sales Revenue. We have identified the determination of whether the transfer should be accounted for as a sale as a critical audit matter as it involves a high degree of subjectivity. This subjectivity stems from management s assessment of whether the transferred assets have been isolated from the transferor and the effective control over the transferred assets has been relinquished. The primary procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included: Evaluating the Company s written accounting analysis assessing the criteria for a sale in accordance with ASC 860. Evaluating a true sale legal opinion from the Company s outside legal counsel. For a selection of loan receivable transfers, substantively testing the Company s determination of sales treatment by evaluating the executed master reserve agreement and individual purchase agreement. Recourse liability Qualitative Factor The recourse liability is a significant estimate that is a subjective determination of probable and incurred expenses in relation to the loan portfolio previously sold to third-party investors. Refer to Note 1 and Note 6 for the Company s accounting policy and disclosures related to the recourse liability. The Company s recourse liability represents the probable and incurred expenses from the Company s optional purchase of defaulted loans, coverage of prepayment shortfall, and expenses incurred from investors claiming restricted assets. The calculation of historical expense experience is based on actual historical expenses incurred by the Company and the calculated historical expense experience is augmented by a qualitative factor to arrive at the balance reflected in the consolidated financial statements. We have identified the determination of the qualitative factor as a critical audit matter. The determination of the qualitative factor involves significant professional judgment and the use of subjective measurements by management, including internal credit quality data and external economic data. Auditing management s judgments in their determination of this qualitative factor requires a high degree of auditor effort and judgment. The primary procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included: Evaluating the significant judgments and assumptions used by management in the determination of the recourse liability qualitative factor. Analytically evaluating the qualitative factor year-over-year for reasonableness. Evaluating the relevance and reliability of the internal and external data used to develop the qualitative factor. Evaluating the overall reasonableness of the recourse liability. Crowe LLP We have served as the Company's auditor since 2013. Livingston, New Jersey January 24, 2022 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands) (1) Includes amounts in consolidated variable interest entities (VIEs) presented separately in the table below. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 3. 2021 2020 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash of 168,322 and 119,229 at September 30, 2021 and 2020 (1) 466,619 279,562 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of 20,489 and 13,323 at September 30, 2021 and 2020 (1) 800,011 383,562 Loans pledged, net of allowance for loan losses of 21,371 and 6,123 at September 30, 2021 and 2020 810,678 155,535 Loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value 164,719 182,493 Loans held for sale pledged, at lower of cost or fair value - 28,928 Paycheck Protection Program loans 51,682 145,561 Premises and equipment, net 73,050 40,250 Accounts receivable (1) 20,912 8,165 Prepaid expenses 11,136 6,593 Equity investments 23,394 2,536 Intangible asset 2,250 2,250 Other assets (1) 15,295 11,882 Total assets 2,439,746 1,247,317 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities Recourse liability 231,435 256,268 Borrower reimbursable fee (1) 96,071 67,506 Secured borrowings, net of unamortized debt issuance costs (1) 1,458,192 621,779 Notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 275,476 21,308 Accrued stockholders distribution 6,102 5,871 Accrued compensation and other benefits 12,249 9,410 Accounts payable (1) 10,375 5,792 Lease liabilities 5,408 6,451 Accrued expenses and other liabilities (1) 11,899 9,863 Total liabilities 2,107,207 1,004,248 Stockholders equity Common stock 0.0005 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized and issued, 750,000 shares outstanding 1 1 Retained earnings 332,824 244,700 Treasury stock 250,000, at cost, shares at 0.68 (170) (170) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (116) (1,462) Total stockholders equity 332,539 243,069 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 2,439,746 1,247,317 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 4. The following table presents the assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs, which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets above. The assets and liabilities in the table below exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation. 2021 2020 Assets of consolidated VIEs, included in total assets above Cash and cash equivalents 32,020 10,192 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 29,280 39,455 Accounts receivable 207 288 Other assets 331 818 Total assets of consolidated variable interest entities 61,838 50,753 Liabilities of consolidated VIEs, included in total liabilities above Borrower reimbursable fee - 439 Secured borrowings, net of debt issuance costs 821,764 176,172 Accounts payable 4 - Accrued expenses and other liabilities 392 188 Total liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities 822,160 176,799 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 5. 2021 2020 Interest income 164,330 83,943 Interest expense: Secured borrowings 30,172 19,768 Notes payable and other 2,504 1,337 Total interest expense 32,676 21,105 Net interest income 131,654 62,838 Provision for loan losses 39,196 27,673 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 92,458 35,165 Non-interest income: Loan sales, net 393,857 225,278 Loan origination fees 89,197 79,546 Reimbursable servicing fee income 3,058 2,663 Other income 17,009 14,549 Total non-interest income 503,121 322,036 Total income net of interest expense and provision for loan losses 595,579 357,201 Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 169,786 106,072 Advertising expense 108,424 43,697 Amortization expense 1,491 2,362 Portfolio expense 15,213 10,242 Occupancy expense 4,245 3,608 Depreciation expense 3,992 2,679 Professional services 30,159 16,356 Equipment and technology expense 15,042 9,357 Other expense 12,672 14,826 Total non-interest expense 361,024 209,199 Net income 234,555 148,002 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 6. 2021 2020 Net income 234,555 148,002 Other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedge: Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during the period 1,333 (1,451) Unrealized gains on interest-only strip: Unrealized holding gain arising during the period 13 10 Total other comprehensive income (loss) 1,346 (1,441) Comprehensive income 235,901 146,561 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 7. Accumulated Other Common Retained Comprehensive Treasury Stock Earnings Income (Loss) Stock Total Balance at October 1, 2019 1 196,031 (21) (170) 195,841 Net income - 148,002 - - 148,002 Stockholder distributions - (99,333) - - (99,333) Other comprehensive loss - - (1,441) - (1,441) Balance at September 30, 2020 1 244,700 (1,462) (170) 243,069 Net income - 234,555 - - 234,555 Stockholder distributions - (146,431) - - (146,431) Other comprehensive income - - 1,346 - 1,346 Balance at September 30, 2021 1 332,824 (116) (170) 332,539 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 8. 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income 234,555 148,002 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities Depreciation expense 3,992 2,679 Amortization expense 1,491 2,362 Provision for loan losses 39,196 27,673 Origination of loans held for sale (1,982,900) (1,200,833) Purchase of loans held for sale (716,067) (438,150) Payments and proceeds from sale of loans held for sale 1,858,933 1,825,666 Gains on loan sales (393,857) (225,278) Gain on equity investment (2,216) - (Gain) loss on disposal of premises and equipment (13) 2,199 Change in lower of cost or fair value adjustment for loans held for sale (153) 153 Repayments of operating lease liabilities (868) (1,186) Change in debt issuance costs (9,816) 836 Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts receivable (12,747) 267 Prepaid expenses (4,543) (2,929) Other assets (1,932) 1,305 Recourse liability (173,235) (128,854) Accrued compensation and other benefits 2,839 (6,799) Accounts payable 4,583 3,244 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 3,369 (3,707) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities (1,149,389) 6,650 Cash flows from investing activities Additions to premises and equipment (36,792) (32,977) Net change in loans 405,174 (132,734) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment 13 - Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale previously classified as loans held for investment 7,065 55,887 Purchase of equity investments (18,642) - Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities 356,818 (109,824) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from notes payable 350,390 121,555 Payments on notes payable (96,251) (135,264) Proceeds from secured borrowings 1,536,663 698,094 Payments on secured borrowings (693,122) (331,675) Repayments on finance lease liabilities (417) (382) Increase in borrower reimbursable fee 28,565 17,821 Stockholders distributions (146,200) (101,362) Net cash provided by financing activities 979,628 268,787 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 187,057 165,613 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning 279,562 113,949 Cash and cash equivalents, ending 466,619 279,562 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 9. 2021 2020 Supplemental cash flow disclosures Cash paid during the year Interest 10,388 4,441 Additions to purchased credit-impaired loans 17,858 3,073 Non-cash transaction Transfer from loans held for investment to loans held for sale 7,695 113,084 Transfer from loans held for sale to loans held for investment 1,429,778 386,424 Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use asset 242 5,188 Accrued stockholders distributions 6,102 5,871 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 10. NOTE 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Nature of Operations and Principles of Consolidation: Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC the Company is engaged in the origination of commercial and consumer loans to healthcare providers and other professionals throughout the United States. The loans originated by the Company are either unencumbered, financed by secured borrowings, or sold with limited or non-recourse to independent financial institutions and investors. The Company also has a loan originating division to better serve its customer base. Effective January 2015, 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Bankers Healthcare Group, Inc. were transferred to BHG Founders, Inc. BHG Founders ), a Florida corporation, in exchange for 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of BHG Founders. Subsequently, also effective January 2015, the Company was converted from a Florida corporation to Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC. The Company is owned by three stockholders as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. BHG Founders owns 51 , Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. owns 8.55 and Pinnacle National Bank, a subsidiary of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. owns 40.45 . The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Principles of consolidation: The Company consolidates entities in which it has a controlling financial interest based on either through the variable interest entity VIE or voting interest model. The Company is required to first apply the VIE model to determine whether it holds a variable interest in an entity, and if so, whether the entity is a VIE and, whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the entity and therefore has a controlling financial interest. An entity is considered to be a VIE if any of the following conditions exist: (a) the total equity investment at risk is not sufficient to finance the entity s activities without additional subordinated financial support, (b) the holders of the equity investment at risk lack the ability to make decisions that have a significant effect on the success of the entity or the obligation and rights to absorb the entity s expected losses or residual returns, or (c) substantially all of the entity s activities are on behalf of an investor with disproportionately few voting rights as compared to their obligation to absorb losses or right to receive returns from the entity. If the Company determines that the entity is not a VIE, it then applies the voting interest model. Under the voting interest model, the Company has a controlling financial interest when it holds a majority voting interest in an entity (see Note 9). Subsidiaries: Fund-Ex, LLC Fund-Ex ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, originated commercial loans to healthcare providers and other professionals throughout the United States. The loans originated by Fund-Ex are financed by secured borrowings to independent financial institutions and investors. BHG Patient Lending, LLC Patient Lending ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, facilitates relationships between Lenders and Healthcare Providers. The intent of these relationships is to provide financing to patients for procedures. Patient Lending also acts as the servicer of the financing between independent financial institutions and the patient. Fund-Ex Solutions Group, LLC FSG ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, operates as an approved Small Business Lending Company (SBLC). FSG funds commercial loans to businesses in accordance with the Small Business Administration requirements. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 11. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Subsidiaries (Continued): 300 Spencer Street, LLC 300 Spencer ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a real estate entity that owns the land on which a future office space will be constructed. BHG Funding 01, LLC BHG Funding ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, engages in the financing of certain receivables. The Company uses BHG Funding for its financing activities, in which the Company transferred certain loans into BHG Funding such that the transferred assets can only be used to settle the obligations of BHG Funding. The Company also serves as the servicer of BHG Funding. Effective October 2019, the wholly owned subsidiaries BHG CB RC1, LLC RC1 and BHG CB TL1, LLC TL1 ), were created for the purpose of financing certain receivables. Subsequently, effective April 2020, the wholly owned subsidiary BHG CB RC2, LLC RC2 was created for the same purpose. The Company also serves as the servicer of these entities. Effective March 2020, the wholly owned subsidiary 3700 Lakeside Drive, LLC 3700 Lakeside was created. 3700 Lakeside, a real estate entity, purchased a commercial building which is expected to be the future site of the Company s corporate headquarters. Effective July 2020, the wholly owned subsidiaries BHG Securitization Funding LLC BHG Securitization Funding ), Bankers Healthcare Group Securitization Trust 2020-A BHG Securitization Trust and Bankers Healthcare Group Grantor Trust 2020-A BHG Grantor Trust ), were created for the purpose of facilitating financing activities related to the BHG Securitization Trust transaction. Subsequently, effective May 2021 and September 2021, the wholly owned subsidiaries BHG Securitization Trust 2021-A BHG Securitization Trust ), BHG Grantor Trust 2021-A BHG Grantor Trust ), BHG Securitization Trust 2021-B BHG Securitization Trust and BHG Grantor Trust 2021-B BHG Grantor Trust were created for the same purpose. Collectively these entities are referred to as the ABS Entities. In these transactions the Company transferred certain loans into BHG Securitization Funding, which then transferred the loans to BHG Securitization Trust in exchange for notes indirectly backed by the respective notes by way of an equity interest in BHG Grantor Trust. The loans were then transferred to and held by BHG Grantor Trust. Funds from BHG Securitization Funding s sale of the asset backed notes sold, were used to settle the obligations of BHG Funding, a separate wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that the Company previously created. Additionally, the Company serves as the servicer of the transferred loans for BHG Grantor Trust. Effective November 2020, the wholly owned subsidiary Risk Management Solutions Group, LLC RMSG was created. RMSG is a consulting company that provides regulatory and financial risk management services to financial institutions. Effective March 2021, the wholly owned subsidiary Stratosphere Holdings, LLC Stratosphere Holdings was created. Stratosphere Holdings purchased an aircraft and holds the note payable related to the purchase. Effective June 2021, the wholly owned subsidiary BHG MCB Financing, LLC was created for the purpose of financing certain receivables. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 12. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Risks and uncertainties: The COVID-19 pandemic has created extensive disruptions to the global and U.S. economies and to the lives of individuals throughout the world. Governments, businesses, and the public have taken unprecedented actions to contain the spread of COVID-19 and to mitigate its effects, including quarantines, travel bans, shelter-in-place orders, closures and phased re-opening of businesses and schools, fiscal and monetary stimulus, and legislation designed to deliver financial aid and other relief. While the scope, duration, and full effects of COVID-19 are rapidly evolving and not fully known, the pandemic and the efforts to contain it have disrupted global economic activity, adversely affected the functioning of financial markets, impacted market interest rates, increased economic and market uncertainty, and disrupted trade and supply chains. Many of the Company s borrowers are medical or dental practices that were particularly impacted by stay- at-home orders that effectively caused those practices revenues to decline materially as a result of elective procedures being prohibited, cancelled or delayed or individuals decisions to postpone non-emergency procedures, even as restrictions on elective procedures are relaxed. Though these borrowers' businesses have improved, the possibility of increased levels of cases and renewed government mandated closures and restrictions could again negatively impact these borrowers' businesses. The ultimate financial impact is unknown at this time. However, if these actions are sustained, it may adversely impact several industries within our geographic footprint and impair the ability of the Company s customers to fulfill their contractual obligations to the Company. This could cause the Company to experience a material, adverse effect on our business operations, asset valuations, financial condition, and results of operations. Material adverse impacts may include, but are not limited to, the valuation impairments of the Company s investments, loans, or recourse liability. Subsequent Events: The Company has evaluated subsequent events for recognition and disclosure through January 24, 2022, which is the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. Use of Estimates: To prepare financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles management makes estimates and assumptions based on available information. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the disclosures provided, and actual results could differ. Cash and Cash Equivalents: Cash and cash equivalents include unrestricted deposits with financial institutions in checking and money market accounts. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturity dates of three months or less to be cash equivalents. All cash accounts are held in financially insured institutions, which may at times exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced losses in such accounts. Management believes the Company s exposure to credit risk is minimal for these accounts. Restricted Cash: The Company has established mandatory reserve accounts with certain of its investors in in compliance with contractual requirements in the loan sale agreements, securitizations and financing transactions. Restricted cash in these accounts was 168.3 million and 119.2 million, as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Restricted cash reserve accounts range from 2.0 to 11.0 of the present value of the contracts for loan sale transactions. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 13. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Concentration of Credit Risk: The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts, which at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents. The majority of the Company s loans are with businesses and medical professionals in the healthcare industry. Significant changes in healthcare laws, or other general changes in the industry could impact the collectability of these loans. Transfers of Financial Assets: Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales, when control over the assets has been relinquished. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when the assets have been isolated from the Company, the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. The majority of the Company s loan transfers to investors meet the criteria for sale accounting treatment. The Company does not service the loans, however some of the transfer agreements do specify the Company s involvement in the collection efforts on delinquent loans. Pursuant to the transfer agreement, the Company defers receipt of approximately 3.0 of the total purchase price. The Agreement acknowledges that these restricted balances are the property of, and belong exclusively to, the Company. The agreements authorize the investor to use the funds held within the accounts in certain circumstances upon a borrower's default. As a result, upon a transfer meeting the criteria for sale treatment, the Company will recognize a gain or loss at the time the loan is transferred and recognize an estimated recourse liability, which is initially recognized at fair value. Loan sales revenue includes the gain on sales of loans and the net adjustments to the recourse liability. Certain other loan sales are sold at principal value. The transfer agreements for these loan sales also include interest sharing provisions and loss sharing provisions between both parties. As a result of these additional clauses, sale criteria have not been determined to be met. Accordingly, these loans are carried at principal value net of allowance for loans losses and net of deferred loan fees on the balance sheet with an offsetting liability classified as a secured borrowing. Loans: The Company originates commercial and consumer loans to healthcare professionals and other professionals nationwide. Commercial loans are typically secured by liens and security interests on and in the borrower s business assets. In granting this type of loan, the Company primarily looks to the borrower s cash flow as the source of repayment with collateral. Payments on commercial loans are often dependent upon the successful operation of the underlying business involved. Repayment of such loans may therefore be negatively impacted by adverse changes in economic conditions, management s inability to effectively manage the business, claims of others against the borrower s assets which may take priority over the Company s claims against assets, death or disability of the borrower or loss of market for the borrower s products or services. Consumer loans are unsecured. The Company partners with certain lenders, including a related party lender (refer to Note 10), to facilitate both commercial and consumer loan originations in certain geographic locations. The Company acts as the marketing firm and refers the loan to a partner bank for funding. Once the loan is funded, the Company has the option to purchase the loan. The purchase price is the cost basis of the loan, equal to the principal net of any financed fees, plus a fee to the partner bank. Loans are offered by the partner banks to the Company on a weekly basis. The Company has the option, but not the obligation, to purchase these loans from the third party. If the Company does not elect to purchase, it is entitled to the origination fees on the loan. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 14. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Loans (Continued): Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are reported at the principal balance outstanding, net of deferred loan fees and costs, and an allowance for loan losses. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. In accordance with the level yield method loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized in loan origination fees using the level-yield method. The Company considers loans to be nonperforming at the time the loan is 30 days delinquent. Recognition of interest income on loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 30 days delinquent unless the loan is well-secured and in process of collection. All loans are typically charged off no later than 120 days past due. Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. All interest accrued but not received for loans placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act was signed into law. It contains substantial tax and spending provisions intended to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act includes the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), a program designed to aid small and medium-sized businesses, sole proprietors and other self-employed persons through federally guaranteed loans distributed through banks and other Small Business Administration (SBA) approved lenders. These loans are intended to guarantee eight to 24 weeks of payroll and other costs to provide support to participating businesses and increase the ability of these businesses to retain workers. As of September 30, 2021, FSG, who originates all SBA loans, had obtained approvals for approximately 2,200 PPP loans totaling approximately 219 million in funded loans. These loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA, carry a term of two or five years, dependent on the date originated, earn interest at 1.0 annualized interest rate, are fully guaranteed by the SBA, and are partially or totally forgivable if administered by the borrower according to guidance provided by the SBA. The Company believes the majority of these loans have the potential to be forgiven by the SBA if administered in accordance with the terms of the program. PPP loans are classified as loans held for investment as the Company has the intent and ability to hold these loans for a foreseeable future or to maturity or payoff. No allowances were recorded for the loans originated under the PPP as the loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA. These loans resulted in net fee income of 9.7 million to be recognized over the life of the loans, which is between two and five years. Forgiveness of these loans by the SBA began late in the Company s fiscal fourth quarter of 2020. As of September 30, 2021, 1,600 applications from borrowers had been submitted to the SBA for forgiveness and approved. During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized 5.6 million and 2.2 million of net deferred SBA PPP fees, included in loan origination fees on the consolidated statement of income. Purchased Credit Impaired Loans: As part of the substitution clauses within its loan sale agreements, the Company may purchase individual loans and groups of loans, the majority of which have shown evidence of credit deterioration since origination. Loans where some payments are reasonably expected to be collected are treated as purchased credit impaired loans. These purchased credit impaired loans are recorded at the present value of expected future cash flows, such that there is no carryover of the seller s allowance for loan losses. After acquisition, credit losses are recognized by an increase in the allowance for loan losses. Such purchased credit impaired loans are accounted for individually. The excess of the loan s contractual principal and interest over expected cash flows is not recorded (nonaccretable difference). Over the life of the loan, expected cash flows continue to be estimated. If the present value of expected cash flows is less than the carrying amount, a loss is recorded. If the present value of expected cash flows is greater than the carrying amount, it is recognized as part of future interest income. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 15. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Allowance for Loan Losses: The allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Management estimates the allowance balance required using past loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations, economic conditions, and other factors. Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. The allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Loans for which the terms have been modified resulting in a concession, and for which the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, are considered troubled debt restructurings and classified as impaired. Repayment of these loans is often dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. If a loan is impaired, a portion of the allowance is allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. Troubled debt restructurings TDRs are separately identified for impairment disclosures and are measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s effective rate at inception. For troubled debt restructurings that subsequently default, the Company determines the amount of reserve in accordance with the accounting policy for the allowance for loan losses. The general component covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for a qualitative factor. The historical loss experience is based on the actual loss history experienced by the Company over the most recent three years. This actual loss experience is supplemented with a qualitative factor based on the risks present. The qualitative factor includes considerations of the following: levels of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans (including TDRs); levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; national and local economic trends and conditions, and the COVID-19 pandemic. Loans Held for Sale: At origination or purchase, all loans are intended for sale in the secondary market and are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or fair value, as determined by outstanding commitments from investors. Net unrealized losses, if any, are recorded as a valuation allowance and charged to the consolidated statement of income. Loans held for sale are sold with servicing rights released. On a monthly basis, management evaluates the loans transferred to investors that do not meet the requirements of sale treatment and reclassifies these loans to loans held for investment. Loans transferred from held for sale to held for investment are transferred at their carrying amount. During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, loans held for sale of 1.4 billion and 386.4 million, respectively, were transferred to loans held for investment. On a monthly basis, management evaluates their intent and reclassifies to held for sale, if their intent has changed. Loans transferred back from held for investment to held for sale are transferred at amortized cost of the loan, if amortized cost of the loan is lower than fair value, the difference is recorded in a valuation allowance. During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, loans held for investment of 7.7 million and 113.1 million, respectively, were transferred to held for sale. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 16. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Lending Risk The principal business of the Company is lending in commercial and consumer loans around the country. A substantial portion of the Company s loans are unsecured. Accordingly, the ultimate collectability of the loan portfolio is susceptible to changes in market and economic conditions. Commercial Loans Generally, these loans are secured by liens and security interests on and in the borrower s business assets. A weakened economy, and resultant decreased consumer and/or business spending, will have an effect on the credit quality in this loan class. Consumer Loans Loans in this classification are mostly unsecured. Repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. Therefore, the overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates, the borrower s disposable income and housing prices, will have an effect on the credit quality in this loan class. Premises and Equipment: Land is carried at cost. Premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for additions and improvements are capitalized. Repairs and maintenance charges, which are not considered to extend the useful lives of the assets, are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset ranging from three to thirty years. The Company records its finance lease as an asset and an obligation at an amount equal to the present value at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term. The Company capitalizes development costs for internal use software beginning at the start of application development. Depreciation begins on the date the software is placed in service and the depreciation period is based on estimated useful life. Accounts Receivable: Accounts receivable mainly include receivables from investors as a result of loan sales, accrued interest receivable, referral commission income earned but not yet received, and miscellaneous trade receivables. Management believes there are no material uncollectible accounts receivable as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. Equity Investments: Equity investments include investments without a readily determinable fair value. These investments are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes in value resulting from observable price changes arising from orderly transactions. The Company considers a range of factors when adjusting the fair value of these investments, including, but not limited to, the term and nature of the investment, market conditions, values for comparable securities, current and projected operating performance, and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. Fair value adjustments from observable price changes arising from orderly transactions of 2.2 million and 0 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, have been included in other income. Intangible Asset: Intangible assets are accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other. Under ASC 350, goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have an indefinite life are not amortized and are subject to impairment tests, at least annually. The Company has selected September 30 as the date to perform the analysis in which carrying value is compared to fair value. Refer to Note 4 for further discussion on the Company s accounting policies for intangible assets. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 17. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Servicing Assets and Liabilities: Upon sale of the loans to third parties, any servicing right asset or liability is recognized at fair value with the income statement effect recorded in gain on sales of loans. Servicing assets and liabilities are subsequently measured under ASC 860 using the amortization method. The Company is using the amortization method, which amortizes the asset in proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated future net servicing income on the underlying sold portions of the loans (guaranteed) and assesses the servicing assets for impairment based on fair value at each reporting date. Servicing assets of 2.9 million and 436,000 are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Servicing liabilities of 824,000 and 746,000 are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense relating to servicing assets amounted to 349,000 and 29,000 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, and has been included in amortization expense. In evaluating and measuring impairment of servicing assets, the fair value of servicing assets is determined by calculating the present value of estimated future net servicing cash flows, using assumptions of prepayments, defaults, servicing costs and discount rates that the Company believes market participants would use for similar assets. If the Company determines that the impairment is temporary, a valuation allowance is recognized through a charge to current earnings for any excess of amortized cost over the current fair value. If the fair value were to later increase, the valuation allowance may be reduced as a recovery. However, if the Company determines that impairment is other than temporary, the value of the servicing asset and any related valuation allowance is written down. Rights to receive: In 2017, the Company entered into a relationship with Kapitus (formerly Strategic Funding Source) to participate in the funding of receivables. The Company follows the guidance provided by ASC 310-20, Receivables, as the preferred accounting treatment for the recording and carrying value of its receivables as well as the related timing of recognition of any nonrefundable fees paid associated with the purchase of the financing transaction. In accordance with ASC 310-20, Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs, the amortized cost is equal to the unpaid funded balance, netted with funding fees paid to Kapitus. The Company purchases the right to receive future cash flows (collectively, RTR that are generally remitted to the Company on a daily or weekly basis over a short-term period, generally ranging from four to twelve months from funding. RTR are carried at amortized cost, reduced by an allowance for losses estimated as of the balance sheet dates. RTR of 1.4 million and 2.1 million are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest-Only Strip: The Company records an interest-only strip when it has a right to excess interest payment streams related to loans transferred to third parties that meet the criteria for sales treatment. These interest-only strips are accounted for similar to securities available for sale and are carried at fair value, with unrealized holding gains and losses reported in other comprehensive income. All interest received is applied first to expected monthly cash flows, and then to accretable yield. Expected cash flows are reviewed on a monthly basis to determine if adjustment to carrying amount is necessary. Interest only strip of 1.1 million and 612,000 is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were 886,000 and 0 new interest-only strips originated under agreements with investors during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 18. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Alternative Financing AF Portfolio: In certain geographic locations, the Company partners with third party lenders to facilitate loan originations. The Company acts as the marketing firm and refers the loan to a partner bank for funding, and receives a referral fee for this service. Referral fees under this arrangement are paid from the borrower s interest stream on the loan, and are subject to prepayment losses, so they are held at fair value. The Company also contractually guarantees a portion of potential principal loss of each loan. A cash reserve account is established for loans originated under the agreements of at least 2 of outstanding loans. The Company s portion of reimbursement of a defaulted loan is removed from the cash reserve account first, and the Company receives an equally proportionate amount of any recoveries. On day one, the guarantee amount is representative of the present value of the future interest income stream, which the Company is receiving as compensation for the guarantee and brokering the deal. On day two, the Company calculates probable incurred loss. The difference is recorded to the income statement as referral fee income. The Company recognizes the fair value of the future interest income stream to which they are entitled as compensation for the guarantee. This asset is amortized as payments on the underlying loans are made by the borrower and the Company subsequently receives its portion of the interest. The Company has concluded that these assets are financial instruments and therefore have elected to carry these assets at fair value. Alternative financing referral receivables carried at fair value of 449,000 and 1.1 million are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Alternative financing guarantee liabilities of 366,000 and 1.1 million are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company has not originated new loans under these agreements since November 2017. Company-Owned Life Insurance: The Company has purchased life insurance policies on certain key executives. Company-owned life insurance is recorded at the amount that can be realized under the insurance contract at the balance sheet date, which is the cash surrender value adjusted for other charges or other amounts due that are probable at settlement. Cash surrender value of company-owned life insurance of 2.0 million and 1.8 million is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Debt Issuance Costs: Debt issuance costs are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, during the revolving period of the line of credit or during the total term of the term debt agreement, respectively. The unamortized debt issuance costs relating to the lines of credit are included in other assets and the unamortized costs relating to term debt are recorded as either a reduction of the corresponding note payable or secured borrowing. Amortization of debt issuance costs is recorded in the consolidated statements of income within notes payable interest expense or secured borrowings interest expense, dependent on the classification of the debt it relates to. Recourse liability: The recourse liability represents the probable and incurred expense from the Company s optional repurchase or substitution of defaulted loans, coverage of prepayment shortfall, and expenses incurred from investors claiming restricted assets. In accordance with ASC 860 Transfers and Servicing, the recourse liability is initially recognized at fair value and then subsequently recorded considering the probable expense from the contingent incurred event. The probable expense is estimated based on thirty-six month trailing historical expense rate and is adjusted for qualitative factors. Th qualitative factor includes considerations of the following: levels of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans; levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; effects of any changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; other changes in lending policies, procedures, and practices; and national economic trends and conditions, and the COVID-19 pandemic. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 19. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Borrower Reimbursable Fee: Most commercial loans originated by the Company include a fee that is collected at the time of funding that is due to be repaid to the borrower at the time the note is paid in full, less any accumulated fees, etc. The outstanding payable for these reimbursable fees, net of any accumulated fees, or forfeiture, was 96.1 million and 67.5 million, as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Loss Contingencies: Loss contingencies, including claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood of loss is probable and an amount or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. Management does not believe that there are such matters that will have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Comprehensive Income: Comprehensive income consists of net income and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) includes unrealized gains and losses on the interest-only strip as well as unrealized gains and losses on the cash flow hedge, which are also recognized as separate components of stockholders equity. Fair Value of Financial Instruments: Fair values of financial instruments are estimated using relevant market information and other assumptions, as more fully disclosed in a separate note. Fair value estimates involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment regarding interest rates, credit risk, prepayments, and other factors, especially in the absence of broad markets for particular items. Changes in assumptions or in market conditions could significantly affect these estimates. Fair value is the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair values: Level 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date. Level 2 Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. Level 3 Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. Income Taxes: The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The periods subject to examination for the Company's federal return are the 2018 through 2020 tax years. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded. The Company's policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income before taxes. There were no such items during the periods covered in this report. The Company has elected to be treated as a Partnership under the Internal Revenue Code and the Florida and New York State Tax Laws. Under these elections, the income, generally, is taxed directly to its stockholders. Accordingly, an accrual for the estimated amount of tax due to the stockholders has been recorded as a distribution at year-end. No provision or liability for federal income taxes has been recorded in these consolidated financial statements. In addition, several states and jurisdictions have enacted tax on income when income exceeds certain levels, which resulted in a corporate level tax of 3.0 million and 1.6 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, that has been included in other expense. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 20. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Commission Income on Referrals: For borrowers that do not meet the Company s loan underwriting standards, the Company refers the borrowers to other financing companies and earns a fee if the other finance company extends credit to the borrower. The Company records revenue when the partnered financing companies fund the loan, as well as when contractual payments are made by the borrowers. Commission income on referrals of 1.8 million and 1.7 million, for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, has been included in other income. Advertising / Marketing: Advertising / marketing costs are expensed in the year they are incurred. Advertising / marketing expense amounted to 108.4 million and 43.7 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Portfolio Expense: Portfolio expenses are related to miscellaneous loan administration and collection costs. These costs are expensed in the year they are incurred. Portfolio expense amounted to 15.2 million and 10.2 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Derivatives: The Company entered into a cash flow hedge agreement during the year ended September 30, 2020. A cash flow hedge is a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability. For a cash flow hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative is reported in other comprehensive income and is reclassified into earnings in the same periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Net cash settlements on derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting are recorded in interest expense, based on the item being hedged. Cash flows on hedges are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows the same as the cash flows of the items being hedged. The Company formally documents the relationship between derivatives and hedged items, as well as the risk-management objective and the strategy for undertaking hedge transactions at the inception of the hedging relationship. This documentation includes linking cash flow hedges to specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific firm commitments or forecasted transactions. The Company also formally assesses, both at the hedge s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivative instruments that are used are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged items. The Company discontinues hedge accounting when it determines that the derivative is no longer effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item, the derivative is settled or terminates, a hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable, a hedged firm commitment is no longer firm, or treatment of the derivative as a hedge is no longer appropriate or intended. When hedge accounting is discontinued, subsequent changes in fair value of the derivative are recorded as other income. When a cash flow hedge is discontinued but the hedged cash flows or forecasted transactions are still expected to occur, gains or losses that were accumulated in other comprehensive income are amortized into earnings over the same periods which the hedged transaction will affect earnings. The Company is exposed to losses if a counterparty fails to make its payments under a contract in which the Company is in the net receiving position. The Company anticipates that the counterparties will be able to fully satisfy their obligations under the agreements. The contract to which the Company is a party settles monthly. Retirement Plans: The Company sponsors a qualified 401(k) retirement plan covering all eligible employees. The Company s 401(k) plan expense is the amount of contributions, which is equal to 100 of the employee contribution up to 6 of their eligible compensation. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 21. NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Accounting for Defined Benefit Plans: The Simplified Employee Pension Plan, as disclosed in Note 12, is accounted for in accordance with ASC 715, which requires an employer sponsoring a single employer defined benefit plan to recognize the funded status of such benefit plan in its statements of financial condition, measured as the difference between plan assets at fair value (with limited exceptions) and the benefit obligation. Expense is actuarially determined based on the value of benefits expected to be earned in the year by active employees covered by the plan. Reclassifications: Some items in the prior year financial statements may have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. Reclassifications had no effect on prior year net income or stockholders equity. Recent Accounting Pronouncements: The Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued new guidance (Topic 326) to replace the incurred loss model for loans and other financial assets with an expected loss model, which is referred to as the current expected loss (CECL) model. The CECL model is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loan receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities. The Company anticipates adopting this standard on October 1, 2023 and is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this standard on the consolidated financial statements. To date, the Company has been assessing the key differences and gaps between the current allowance methodology and model and those it is considering using upon adoption. While currently unable to reasonably estimate the impact of adopting this standard, it is expected that the impact of adoption will be influenced by the composition, characteristics and quality of the loan and securities portfolios as well as the prevailing economic conditions and forecasts as of the adoption date. On March 12, 2020, the FASB issued Update 2020-04 to ease the potential burden in accounting for reference rate reform. The amendments in Update 2020-04 are elective and apply to all entities that have contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued due to reference rate reform. The new guidance provides the following optional expedients that reduce costs and complexity of accounting for reference rate reform: Simplify accounting analyses for contract modifications. Allow hedging relationships to continue without de-designation if there are qualifying changes in the critical terms of an existing hedging relationship due to reference rate reform. Allow a change in the systematic and rational method used to recognize in earnings the components excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. Allow a change in the designated benchmark interest rate to a different eligible benchmark interest rate in a fair value hedging relationship. Allow the shortcut method for a fair value hedging relationship to continue for the remainder of the hedging relationship. Simplify the assessment of hedge effectiveness and provide temporary optional expedients for cash flow hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform. Allow a one-time election to sell or transfer debt securities classified as held to maturity that reference a rate affected by reference rate reform and are classified as held to maturity before January 1, 2020. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-01 which clarified that all derivative instruments affected by the changes to interest rates used for discounting, margining, or contract price alignment, regardless of whether they reference LIBOR or another rate expected to be discontinued as a result of reference rate reform, and entity may apply certain practical expedients in Topic 848. The amendments in these Updates are elective and can be applied for a limited time between March 12, 2020 and December 31, 2022. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have material effect on the Company s operating results or financial condition. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 22. NOTE 2 LOANS Loans held for investment, including loans held for investment pledged and paycheck protection program loans, at September 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands): 2021 2020 Commercial 1,082,216 382,600 Consumer 639,750 193,485 PPP 53,590 149,524 Less: Net deferred loan fees and costs (71,325) (21,505) Allowance for loan losses (41,860) (19,446) Loans, net 1,662,371 684,658 Since the Company does not have any information that would indicate its PPP loans did not meet the SBA underwriting standards at loan origination and the SBA loans are 100 guaranteed, there is no associated allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2021 and 2020. Deferred fees and costs related to PPP loans totaled 1.9 million and 4.0 million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. All PPP loans are current as of September 30, 2021. The following table presents the activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): September 30, 2021 Commercial Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning balance 12,370 7,076 19,446 Provision for loan losses 22,467 16,729 39,196 Loans charged-off (10,813) (7,747) (18,560) Recoveries 1,445 333 1,778 Total ending allowance balance 25,469 16,391 41,860 September 30, 2020 Commercial Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning balance 2,922 689 3,611 Provision for loan losses 17,626 10,047 27,673 Loans charged-off (9,109) (3,700) (12,809) Recoveries 931 40 971 Total ending allowance balance 12,370 7,076 19,446 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 23. NOTE 2 LOANS (Continued) The following table presents the balance in the allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans by portfolio, excluding PPP loans, and based on impairment method as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): September 30, 2021 Commercial Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses: Ending allowance balance attributable to loans: Individually evaluated for impairment 5,296 3,303 8,599 Collectively evaluated for impairment 20,123 13,088 33,211 Acquired with deteriorated credit quality 50 - 50 Total ending allowance balance 25,469 16,391 41,860 Loans: Loans individually evaluated for impairment 13,283 8,631 21,914 Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 1,057,263 630,706 1,687,969 Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality 11,670 413 12,083 Total ending loans balance 1,082,216 639,750 1,721,966 September 30, 2020 Commercial Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses: Ending allowance balance attributable to loans: Individually evaluated for impairment 1,991 1,616 3,607 Collectively evaluated for impairment 10,088 5,456 15,544 Acquired with deteriorated credit quality 291 4 295 Total ending allowance balance 12,370 7,076 19,446 Loans: Loans individually evaluated for impairment 7,262 3,959 11,221 Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 370,535 189,460 559,995 Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality 4,803 66 4,869 Total ending loans balance 382,600 193,485 576,085 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 24. NOTE 2 LOANS (Continued) The following table presents information related to impaired loans as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and for the years then ended (in thousands): Unpaid Allowance for Average Principal Recorded Loan Losses Recorded Balance Investment Allocated Investment September 30, 2021 With an allowance recorded: Commercial 13,283 13,283 5,296 10,273 Consumer 8,631 8,631 3,303 6,295 September 30, 2020 With an allowance recorded: Commercial 7,262 7,262 1,991 6,329 Consumer 3,959 3,959 1,616 2,197 The recorded investment in loans excludes accrued interest receivable and loan origination fees, net, due to immateriality. Impaired loans include loans that are individually evaluated for impairment as well as troubled debt restructurings. Interest income and cash basis interest income recognized on impaired loans is not material. The following table presents the aging of the recorded investment in past due loans as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 30 - 59 60 - 89 Greater than Days Days 89 Days Total Loans Not Past Due Past Due Past Due Past Due Past Due Total September 30, 2021 Commercial 3,585 2,050 7,648 13,283 1,068,933 1,082,216 Consumer 4,026 2,270 2,335 8,631 631,119 639,750 September 30, 2020 Commercial 2,473 1,446 3,343 7,262 375,338 382,600 Consumer 1,258 1,458 1,243 3,959 189,526 193,485 All loans greater than 30 days past due were not accruing interest as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. Troubled Debt Restructurings As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company has a recorded investment in troubled debt restructurings of 4.5 million and 3.5 million, respectively. The Company has allocated 154,000 and 197,000 of specific reserves for those loans at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and has committed to lend no additional amounts to these borrowers. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, one loan amounted to 1.2 million of the recorded investment. During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the terms of certain commercial and consumer loans were modified as troubled debt restructurings. The modification of the terms of such loans included one or a combination of the following: a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan; an extension of the maturity date at a stated rate of interest lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk; or a permanent reduction of the recorded investment in the loan. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 25. NOTE 2 LOANS (Continued) During the year ended September 30, 2021, a modification of 32 loans were made involving extensions of the maturity dates. The extensions were for period ranging from six months to forty-nine months. During the year ended September 30, 2020, a modification of 23 loans were made involving extensions of the maturity dates and reductions in the principal due. The extensions were for period ranging from three months to twenty-three months. The following table presents loans modified as troubled debt restructurings that occurred during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): Pre-Modification Post-Modification Outstanding Outstanding Number of Recorded Recorded Loans Investment Investment September 30, 2021 Troubled debt restructurings: Commercial 22 1,495 1,497 Consumer 10 437 438 The troubled debt restructurings described above increased the allowance for loan losses by 55,000 for the year ended September 30, 2021. September 30, 2020 Troubled debt restructurings: Commercial 19 1,122 1,122 Consumer 4 296 296 The troubled debt restructurings described above increased the allowance for loan losses by 30,000 for the year ended September 30, 2020. The following table presents the loans modified as troubled debt restructurings for which there was a payment default within twelve months following the modification during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): Number of Recorded Loans Investment September 30, 2021 Troubled debt restructurings: Commercial 11 579 Consumer 5 199 The troubled debt restructurings described above increased the allowance for loan losses by 17,000 and resulted in two charge offs during the year ended September 30, 2021. Number of Recorded Loans Investment September 30, 2020 Troubled debt restructurings: Commercial 15 675 The troubled debt restructurings described above increased the allowance for loan losses by 35,000 and resulted in four charge offs during the year ended September 30, 2020. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 26. NOTE 2 LOANS (Continued) A loan is considered to be in payment default once it is 30 days contractually past due under the modified terms. Additionally, the Company worked with borrowers impacted by COVID-19 and provided modifications to include interest only deferral or principal and interest deferral up to 180 days. The majority of deferrals approved by the Company were 90 days or less. The modifications are excluded from troubled debt restructuring classification under Section 4013 of the CARES Act. The Company modified 754 commercial and 283 consumer loans with outstanding balances of 84.6 million at time of deferral, during the year ended September 30, 2020. As of September 30, 2021, no modified loans remained on deferral. In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. This evaluation is performed under the Company s internal underwriting policy. Credit Quality Indicators The Company considers the performance of the loan portfolio and its impact on the allowance for loan losses. For commercial loans, the Company evaluates credit quality based on the aging status of the loan, which was previously presented, and by payment activity. The Company considers loans to be nonperforming at the time the loan is 30 days delinquent unless the loan is well-secured and in process of collection. The following table presents the recorded investment in commercial and consumer loans, excluding purchased credit impaired loans, based on payment activity as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): Commercial Consumer September 30, 2021 Performing 1,068,933 631,119 Nonperforming 13,283 8,631 Total 1,082,216 639,750 Commercial Consumer September 30, 2020 Performing 375,338 189,526 Nonperforming 7,262 3,959 Total 382,600 193,485 Purchased Credit Impaired Loans The Company has purchased loans, for which there was, at acquisition, evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and it was probable, at acquisition, that all contractually required payments would not be collected. The carrying amount of the commercial loans is as follows (in thousands): 2021 2020 Carrying amount, net of allowance of 50 and 295 12,033 4,574 Purchased credit impaired loans purchased during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, for which it was probable at acquisition that all contractually required payments would not be collected, were not material. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 27. NOTE 3 PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT, NET A schedule of premises and equipment at September 30, 2021 and 2020, is as follows (in thousands): 2021 2020 Leasehold improvements 1,785 2,035 Furniture and fixtures 2,181 2,181 Office equipment 7,099 6,086 Land 6,207 6,207 Buildings and building improvements 29,797 29,786 Aircraft 10,390 - Software 7,163 1,525 Internal use software work in progress 19,491 - Building - work in progress 3,369 3,183 Accumulated depreciation (14,432) (10,753) Premises and equipment, net 73,050 40,250 Depreciation expense was 4.0 million and 2.7 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. NOTE 4 INTANGIBLE ASSET In 2018, FSG acquired a Small Business Loan Company (SBLC) license. FSG is authorized to make government guaranteed loans under the Small Business Administration 7(a) Business Loan program. FSG evaluates the intangible asset annually for impairment on September 30. As of and for the year ending September 30, 2021 there has been no impairment of this intangible asset. No amortization expense was recorded on the intangible asset as of September 30, 2021, as it is considered to have an indefinite life. NOTE 5 LEASES Lessee Arrangements The Company enters into leases in the normal course of business primarily for financial centers, back-office operations locations, business, and information technology equipment. Certain lease agreements contain renewal options which are considered in the determination of the lease term if they are deemed reasonably certain to be executed. The Company s leases do not include residual value guarantees or covenants. The Company includes lease extension and termination options in the lease term if, after considering relevant economic factors, it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise the option. In addition, the Company has elected to account for any non-lease components in its real estate leases separate from the lease component. The Company has elected not to recognize leases with original lease terms of 12 months or less (short-term leases) on the Company s balance sheet. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 28. NOTE 5 LEASES (Continued) Lessee Arrangements (Continued) Leases are classified as operating and finance leases at the lease commencement date. Lease expense for operating leases and short-term leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Right- of-use assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are estimated based on the present value of future lease payments discounted using the Company s incremental secured borrowing rates as of the commencement date of the lease. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities by lease type, and the associated balance sheet classifications are as follows at September 30 (in thousands): Balance Sheet Classification 2021 2020 Right of use assets: Operating leases Other assets 3,557 4,225 Finance leases Premises and equipment, net 1,310 1,704 Total right-of-use assets 4,867 5,929 Lease liabilities: Operating leases Lease liabilities 3,663 4,289 Finance leases Lease liabilities 1,745 2,162 Total lease liabilities 5,408 6,451 Lease Expense The components of total lease cost for the period ending were as follows for the year ended September 30 (in thousands): 2021 2020 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets 393 393 Interest on lease liabilities 99 119 Operating lease cost 1,062 1,251 Short-term lease cost 35 97 Variable lease cost 267 394 Total lease cost 1,856 2,254 Lease obligations Future undiscounted lease payments for finance and operating leases with initial terms for one year or more as of September 30, 2021 are as follows (in thousands): Finance Operating Lease Leases 2022 532 998 2023 548 672 2024 564 598 2025 263 513 2026 - 477 Thereafter - 828 Total undiscounted lease payments 1,907 4,086 Less: imputed interest (162) (423) Net lease liabilities 1,745 3,663 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 29. NOTE 5 LEASES (Continued) Supplemental Lease Information at September 30 (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 Finance lease weighted average remaining lease term (years) 3 4 Finance lease weighted average discount rate 5.0 5.0 Operating leases weighted average remaining lease term (years) 5 6 Operating leases weighted average discount rate 4.0 4.0 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases 868 1,186 Operating cash flows from finance lease 99 119 Financing cash flows from finance lease 417 382 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new financing lease liabilities - - Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 242 288 NOTE 6 RECOURSE LIABILITY The following table presents the activity in the recourse liability during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 2021 2020 Recourse liability: Beginning balance 256,268 117,891 Provision for (credit from) recourse liability, included in gain on loan sales (76,930) 61,181 Loan sales 225,332 206,050 Expenses incurred (173,235) (128,854) Total ending recourse liability 231,435 256,268 Expenses incurred include expenses from repurchase or substitution of defaulted loans, prepayment of loans, and expenses incurred from investors claiming restricted assets, a portion of these expenses incurred are attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic. The recourse liability is subject to total outstanding and sold loans of 4.1 billion and 3.4 billion as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following table presents the activity in loan sales, net during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 2021 2020 Loan sales, gross 542,259 492,509 Increase in recourse liability from sale of loans (225,332) (206,050) (Provision for) credit from recourse liability 76,930 (61,181) Loan sales, net 393,857 225,278 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 30. NOTE 7 SECURED BORROWINGS Loans transferred to investors that do not meet the requirements of sale treatment are carried at principal value net of allowance for loans losses and net of deferred loan fees on the balance sheet with an offsetting liability classified as a secured borrowing, which represents the investors interest. The investors service the loans and remit the borrowers payments to the Company. The secured borrowing itself is repaid as the related asset is repaid to the Company. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, loans transferred to investors that do not meet the requirements of sale treatment are 582.6 million and 298.1 million, respectively. In October 2019, RC1 entered into a revolving line of credit agreement with a financial institution in the amount of 15 million. This revolving credit agreement accrues interest at a rate of 5.25 and has a maturity date of October 2022. This line is collateralized by 9.4 million in loans held for investment as of September 30, 2021. In October 2019, TL1 entered into a term loan agreement with a financial institution in the amount of 18.8 million. This term loan agreement accrues interest at a rate of 6.2 and has a maturity date of October 2022. This loan is collateralized by 10.8 million in loans held for investment as of September 30, 2021. In November 2019, the Company transferred certain loans to BHG Funding, which did not meet the requirements of sale treatment. The Company entered into a credit facility agreement (the Credit Facility with Credit Suisse Securities USA Credit Suisse which is secured by the loans transferred to BHG Funding 01. This agreement was subsequently amended on January 6, 2021. Loans held for sale of 0 and 28.9 million were pledged against this Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as they were eligible to be borrowed against at any time. The Credit Facility permits Company to borrow up to 200 million in two different tranches (i.e. Class A Tranche and Class B Tranche), bearing interest at Daily/90 LIBOR and has a maturity date of September 19, 2022. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no outstanding borrowings on this facility. In April 2020, RC2 entered into a revolving line of credit agreement with a financial institution in the amount of 30 million. This revolving credit agreement accrues interest at a rate of 4.5 and has a maturity date of April 2023. The line is collateralized by 10.8 million in loans held for investment as of September 30, 2021. In May 2020, FSG established a credit facility (the PPPLF with the Federal Reserve Bank in conjunction with the PPP. Available borrowings are equal to the outstanding balance of PPP loans, which totaled 53.6 million as of September 30, 2021. Advancements are collateralized by all PPP loans, which are included in Paycheck Protection Program loans. The PPPLF accrues interest at a fixed rate of 35 basis points. The PPPLF will mature on the earlier of the maturity date or the date of loan forgiveness reimbursement of the collateral. Interest expense incurred on the PPPLF was 474,000 and 194,000 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 31. NOTE 7 SECURED BORROWINGS (Continued) In July 2020, the Company transferred certain loans to BHG Securitization Funding, which did not meet the requirements of sale treatment. Next, BHG Securitization Funding transferred the loans to Bankers Healthcare Group Securitization Trust 2020-A in exchange for notes indirectly backed by the respective loans by way of an equity interest in Bankers Healthcare Group Grantor Trust 2020-A. Both of these subsequent transfers also did not meet the requirements for sale treatment. The asset backed notes are secured by ownership certificates in Bankers Healthcare Group Securitization Trust 2020-A, which owns a 100 ownership interest in Bankers Healthcare Group Grantor Trust 2020-A, which ultimately holds the respective loans. The asset backed notes are issued in three different tranches (i.e. Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes), bearing interest at a fixed rate of 2.56 , 3.59 , 5.17 , respectfully. The Company paid a one-time non-refundable upfront underwriting fee of 1.5 million and certain other costs related to the issuance of the Notes. Effective July 27, 2020, BHG Securitization Funding sold the asset backed notes to Credit Suisse in exchange for 147.2 million, with the Company retaining 50.36 of the Class C Notes and the residual interest in the underlying loans. These Class C Notes were subsequently sold effective May 11, 2021. In total, 132.3 million and 170.4 million in gross loans were pledged as collateral to the securitization as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in Loans pledged, net of allowance on the consolidated balance sheet. In May 2021, the Company transferred certain loans to BHG Securitization Funding, which did not meet the requirements of sale treatment. Next, BHG Securitization Funding transferred the loans to BHG Securitization Trust 2021-A in exchange for notes indirectly backed by the respective loans by way of an equity interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2021-A. Both of these subsequent transfers also did not meet the requirements for sale treatment. The asset backed notes are secured by ownership certificates in BHG Securitization Trust 2021-A, which owns a 100 ownership interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2021-A, which ultimately holds the respective loans. The asset backed notes are issued in three different tranches (i.e. Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes), bearing interest at a fixed rate of 1.42 , 2.79 , 3.69 , respectfully. The Company paid a one-time non-refundable upfront underwriting fee of 4.0 million and certain other costs related to the issuance of the Notes. Effective May 7, 2021, BHG Securitization Funding sold the asset backed notes to Credit Suisse in exchange for 348.7 million. In total, 346.5 million in gross loans were pledged as collateral to the securitization as of September 30, 2021 and are included in Loans pledged, net of allowance on the consolidated balance sheet. In September 2021, the Company transferred certain loans to BHG Securitization Funding, which did not meet the requirements of sale treatment. Next, BHG Securitization Funding transferred the loans to BHG Securitization Trust 2021-B in exchange for notes indirectly backed by the respective loans by way of an equity interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2021-B. Both of these subsequent transfers also did not meet the requirements for sale treatment. The asset backed notes are secured by ownership certificates in BHG Securitization Trust 2021-B, which owns a 100 ownership interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2021-B, which ultimately holds the respective loans. The asset backed notes are issued in five different tranches (i.e. Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, Class D Notes and Class E Notes), bearing interest at a fixed rate of 0.9 , 1.67 , 2.24 , 3.17 and 4.55 , respectfully. The Company paid a one-time non-refundable upfront underwriting fee of 3.6 million and certain other costs related to the issuance of the Notes. Effective September 22, 2021, BHG Securitization Funding sold the asset backed notes to Credit Suisse in exchange for 371.9 million. In total, 396.2 million in gross loans were pledged as collateral to the securitization as of September 30, 2021 and are included in Loans pledged, net of allowance on the consolidated balance sheet. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 32. NOTE 7 SECURED BORROWINGS (Continued) Secured Borrowings at September 30, 2021 and 2020 consist of the following (in thousands): 2021 2020 Loans transferred to investors, not meeting sale treatment 582,604 298,074 Borrowings under term loan facility, maturing on October 18, 2022 9,824 14,817 Borrowings under revolving credit facilities 18,468 24,185 Borrowings under the credit facility from Credit Suisse, due November 6, 2021 Class A Tranche - - Class B Tranche - - Borrowings under the credit facility with the Federal Reserve Bank for PPP loans 53,825 147,534 Borrowings under the asset backed notes, maturing on September 17, 2031 Class A Notes 68,889 105,438 Class B Notes 22,610 22,460 Class C Notes 23,770 11,485 Borrowings under the asset backed notes, maturing on November 17, 2033 Class A Notes 257,794 - Class B Notes 43,130 - Class C Notes 14,620 - Borrowings under the asset backed notes, maturing on October 17, 2034 Class A Notes 241,000 - Class B Notes 72,000 - Class C Notes 50,600 - Class D Notes 8,400 - Class E Notes - - Total secured borrowings 1,467,534 623,993 Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs on the borrowings (9,342) (2,214) Secured Borrowings, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 1,458,192 621,779 Debt issuance costs have been presented as a direct reduction of the Company s secured borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized into the income statement. A total of 9.3 million of debt issuance costs remain to be amortized as of September 30, 2021. Amortization of the debt issuance costs of 1.2 million and 984,000 was charged to secured borrowings interest expense for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 33. NOTE 8 NOTES PAYABLE The Company had a revolving line of credit with Pinnacle Bank in the amount of 100 million that was terminated on June 30, 2021. There was 0 outstanding as of September 30, 2020. The credit agreement contained covenants requiring the Company to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain other affirmative and negative covenants. The Company was in compliance with each of the covenants as of and for the year ended September 30, 2020. Interest expense was 447,000 and 738,000 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and has been included in interest expense. In March 2020, 3700 Lakeside entered into a mortgage agreement in connection with the purchase of the Miramar, Florida property and facilities bearing interest at 30-day LIBOR plus 214 basis points (2.27 as of September 30, 2021) with monthly payments of principal and interest through March 2030. The mortgage is subject to an interest rate swap agreement (see Note 14). The mortgage note is collateralized by the Miramar, Florida property and facilities. Interest expense was 751,000 and 450,000 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively and is included in interest expense. Also, in March 2020, in addition to the mortgage, 3700 Lakeside established a revolving line of credit with the same financial institution to finance additional construction on the facilities, in the amount of 10 million. There were no outstanding borrowings on this line of credit as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. This line of credit accrues interest at 30-day LIBOR plus 225 basis points (2.38 as of September 30, 2021) and will mature on March 2, 2030. These credit agreements were subsequently amended on March 30, 2021. These credit agreements contain covenants requiring the Company to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain other affirmative and negative covenants. The Company is in compliance with each of the covenants as of and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. In March 2021, Stratosphere Holdings entered into a term note payable agreement in connection with the purchase of an aircraft bearing interest at 2.57 with monthly payments of principal and interest through March 2026. The term note is collateralized by the aircraft. Interest expense was 130,000 for the year ended September 30, 2021 and is included in interest expense. The Company established a revolving line of credit with a financial institution on June 30,2021, in the amount of 350 million. There was 210 million outstanding as of September 30, 2021. This line of credit accrues interest at 2.5 and will mature on June 30, 2024. This line of credit is collateralized by all assets of the Company. The credit agreement contains covenants requiring the Company to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain other affirmative and negative covenants. The Company is in compliance with each of the covenants as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. Interest expense was 641,000 for the year ended September 30, 2021, and has been included in interest expense. The Company established a revolving line of credit with a financial institution on September 30,2021, in the amount of 35 million. There was 35 million outstanding as of September 30, 2021. This line of credit accrues interest at 30-day LIBOR plus 265 basis points (2.78 as of September 30, 2021) and will mature on December 31, 2026. This line of credit is collateralized by all assets of the Company. The credit agreement contains covenants requiring the Company to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain other affirmative and negative covenants. The Company is in compliance with each of the covenants as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 34. NOTE 8 NOTES PAYABLE (Continued) Notes payable consists of the following at September 30 (in thousands): 2021 2020 Revolving line of credit with Pinnacle Bank - - Revolving lines of credit 245,000 - Term note payable 9,707 - Mortgage payable 21,097 21,665 Total notes payable 275,804 21,665 Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs on the borrowings (328) (357) Notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 275,476 21,308 The scheduled maturities of notes payable outstanding at September 30, 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 2022 1,980 2023 2,037 2024 212,094 2025 2,157 2026 4,595 Thereafter 52,941 Total notes payable 275,804 NOTE 9 VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES The Company determined that BHG Funding is a VIE. The Company serves as the servicer of this entity, has the power to make significant decisions impacting the performance of the entity and holds a significant variable interest in the entity. The Company has also provided credit enhancement to the lenders of BHG Funding. Therefore, the Company consolidates this entity in the consolidated financial statements. The Company determined that RC1, RC2, and TL1 are VIEs. The Company serves as the servicer of these entities, has the power to make significant decisions impacting the performance of the entities and holds significant variable interest in the entities. Therefore, the Company consolidates these entities in the consolidated financial statements. The Company determined that the ABS Entities are VIEs. The Company has the power to direct the most significant activities of the ABS Entities. In addition, the Company has the obligation to absorb losses and the rights to receive benefits from the ABS Entities, both of which could be potentially significant to the Company. These types of securitization structures are treated as secured financings, in which the receivables remain on the consolidated balance sheet, and the debt issued by the ABS entities is shown as secured borrowings on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company s maximum legal exposure to loss related to consolidated VIEs is significantly less than the carrying value of the consolidated VIE assets due to outstanding third-party financing. All VIE assets are restricted from being sold or pledged as collateral. The cash flows from these assets are the primary source used to pay down the associated liabilities, which are non-recourse to the Company s general assets. Recourse to the Company by holders of the asset-backed securities and by the trust, for failure of the obligors to make payments on a timely basis, is limited to the assets included in the securitization and the Company s retained interests in the securitization. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 35. NOTE 9 VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (Continued) The following table presents information on assets and liabilities related to VIEs consolidated by the Company as of September 30 (in thousands): September 30, 2021 BHG RC1, RC2 ABS Funding TL1 Entities Total Assets Cash and cash equivalents 4,440 2,152 25,428 32,020 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses - 29,280 - 29,280 Accounts receivable - 205 2 207 Intercompany receivables1 936 - 964,900 965,836 Other assets 266 65 - 331 Total assets 5,642 31,702 990,330 1,027,674 Liabilities Secured borrowings , net of debt issuance costs - 28,253 793,511 821,764 Accounts payable 4 - - 4 Intercompany payables1 3,160 63 209,970 213,193 Accrued expenses and other liabilities - - 392 392 Total liabilities 3,164 28,316 1,003,873 1,035,353 September 30, 2020 BHG RC1, RC2 ABS Funding TL1 Entities Total Assets Cash and cash equivalents 2,801 2,417 4,974 10,192 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses - 39,455 - 39,455 Accounts receivable - 288 - 288 Intercompany receivables1 30,058 - 154,491 184,549 Other assets 703 115 - 818 Total assets 33,562 42,275 159,465 235,302 Liabilities Borrower reimbursable fee 439 - - 439 Secured borrowings , net of debt issuance costs - 38,927 137,245 176,172 Intercompany payables1 23,344 58 21,869 45,271 Accrued expenses and other liabilities - 48 140 188 Total liabilities 23,783 39,033 159,254 222,070 1Intercompany receivables and payables are eliminated in consolidation. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 36. NOTE 10 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS The Company has an agreement with a related party to conduct broker transactions and facilitate sales and marketing on behalf of the Company. The expense amounted to 6.4 million and 7.4 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and has been included in professional services on the consolidated statements of income. The Company leases three properties from related parties. One office building is leased from Crawford Castro Properties, LLC, another building is leased from Broward Business Center, LLC and a parking lot is leased from Broward Business Center II, LLC. All three related parties are owned by two members of the Company s Board of Directors. The expense amounted to 1.4 million and 1.3 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2014, three members of the Company s Board of Directors and a stockholder of the Company formed an entity, BHG MC Services, LLC, whose purpose is to originate credit cards for the Company s borrowers. The Company provides the marketing and sales activities, while BHG MC Services, LLC establishes the reserve for loan losses, provides software, regulatory compliance, and other services for the portfolio. The Company receives the benefit of branding from having its name on credit cards issued, and is able to market credit card holders for its loan products. The Company partners with Pinnacle Bank, one of the Company s stockholders, to facilitate loan originations as part of the Company s AF portfolio. The Company purchases loans funded by Pinnacle Bank, which are included in loans held for sale at time of purchase. The Company purchased 169.4 million and 108.7 million of commercial loans and 467.4 million and 329.5 million of consumer loans for the years ending September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company transfers loans to Pinnacle Bank that do not meet the requirements of sale treatment (see Note 7). Loans transferred to Pinnacle Bank that do not meet the requirements of sale treatment are 270.6 million and 50.2 million, as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in loans, net of allowance, on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company has cash on deposit at Pinnacle Bank of 305.4 million and 147.2 million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which 11.2 million and 2.3 million was restricted. Also, the Company had a revolving line of credit with Pinnacle Bank which was terminated in June 2021, as disclosed in Note 8. The Company engages Capital Collections Management, LLC CCM ), a nationally licensed collection agency, to collect on delinquent accounts. These accounts include all consumer borrowings, and any commercial borrowings that were originated by a third-party or are greater than 60 days past due. The fee paid is at, or below market rate and contingent on successful collection of payments from delinquent borrowers. The majority of CCM is owned by a member of the Company s Board of Directors. The expense amounted to 9.4 million and 7.4 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and has been included in professional services on the consolidated statements of income. The Company pays two related parties for business travel and flight expenses. The entities are owned by members of the Company s Board of Directors. The expense amounted to 1.7 million and 1.3 million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 37. NOTE 11 FAIR VALUE The Company used the following method and significant assumptions to estimate fair value: Interest rate swap derivative: The fair value of the Company s interest rate swap is obtained from a third-party pricing service and is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis of the derivative. The pricing analysis is based on observable inputs for the contractual terms of the derivative, including the period to maturity and interest rate curves (Level 2 inputs). The Company's consolidated financial statements include assets and liabilities that are measured based on their estimated fair values. Refer to Note 1- Description of Business, Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for information on the fair value hierarchy, valuation methodologies, and key inputs used to measure financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, as well as methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value disclosures for financial instruments not recorded at fair value in their entirety on a recurring basis. The following tables present the carrying amount and estimated fair value of financial instruments included in the consolidated financial statements. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below (in thousands): Fair Value Measurements Using: Quoted Prices Significant in Active Other Significant Markets for Observable Unobservable Identical Assets Inputs Inputs (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Total September 30, 2021 Financial liabilities Interest rate swap derivative - 118 - 118 September 30, 2020 Financial liabilities Interest rate swap derivative - 1,451 - 1,451 There are no assets or liabilities measured on a non-recurring basis. Fair Value of Financial Instruments: The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments at September 30, 2021 and 2020, are as follows (in thousands): Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2021 Using: Carrying Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents 466,619 466,619 - - 466,619 Loans, net 1,662,371 - - 1,746,796 1,746,796 Loans held for sale 164,719 - 224,305 - 224,305 Accounts receivable 20,912 20,912 - - 20,912 Financial liabilities: Secured borrowings 1,458,192 - 1,448,520 - 1,448,520 Notes payable 275,476 - 274,903 - 274,903 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 38. NOTE 11 FAIR VALUE (Continued) Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2020 Using: Carrying Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents 279,562 279,562 - - 279,562 Loans, net 684,658 - - 716,087 716,087 Loans held for sale 211,421 - 252,522 - 252,522 Accounts receivable 8,165 8,165 - - 8,165 Financial liabilities: Secured borrowings 621,779 - 616,969 - 616,969 Notes payable 21,308 - 21,264 - 21,264 The methods and assumptions, not previously presented, used to estimate fair values are described as follows: Cash and cash equivalents: The carrying amounts of cash and short-term instruments approximate fair values. Loans, net: Fair values of loans are estimated as follows: For variable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. Fair values for other loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality impaired loans are valued at the lower of cost or fair value as described previously. Loans held for sale: The fair value of loans held for sale is estimated based upon binding contracts and quotes from third party investors. These are considered Level 2 inputs. Accounts receivable: The fair values of accounts receivable approximates the carrying value as all receivables are short term in nature and deemed to be fully collectible. Secured borrowings: The fair values of the secured borrowings are estimated using either discounted cash flow analyses based on the contractual cash flows of the secured borrowing or current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements, depending on the type of secured borrowing agreement. Notes payable: The fair values of the Company s notes payable are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 39. NOTE 12 POSTRETIREMENT PLANS 401(k) Plan: The Company sponsors a 401(k) benefit plan (the Plan ). The Plan allows employee contributions up to the annual IRS limit. Effective January 1, 2020, the Plan was amended to provide a matching contribution on behalf of each participant in an amount equal to 100 of the participant contribution, up to 6 of their compensation. Prior to January 1, 2020, the Company made a Safe Harbor contribution of 3 of employee compensation for all eligible employees, and electively made a profit- sharing contribution of varying amounts on an annual basis. Expenses for years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were 2.7 million and 2.2 million, respectively. Simplified Employee Pension SEP Plan: A qualified SEP is a defined benefit plan and is available to eligible employees. The Company terminated the SEP effective December 31, 2019. All outstanding plan liabilities were settled in cash payments to the participants during the year ended September 30, 2021. There were no expenses incurred for this plan for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. NOTE 13 REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS Under ASC 606, an entity is required to recognize revenue for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASC 606 also requires disclosure of sufficient information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers, as well as qualitative and quantitative disclosure related to contracts with certain customers, significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. In accordance with ASC 606, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for these services. The Company applies the following five steps to properly recognize revenue: 1. Identify the contract with a customer 2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract 3. Determine the transaction price 4. Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract 5. Recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation The Company's only in-scope revenue stream that is subject to the accounting standard is commission income on referrals, which is included in other income on the consolidated statements of income. For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 commission income on referrals totaled 1.8 million and 1.7 million, respectively. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 40. NOTE 14 - DERIVATIVE The Company utilizes an interest rate swap agreement as part of its asset liability management strategy to help manage its interest rate risk position. The notional amount of the interest rate swap does not represent amounts exchanged by the parties. The amount exchanged is determined by reference to the notional amount and the other terms of the individual interest rate swap agreement. Cash Flow Hedge: An interest rate swap with a notional amount of 21.1 million and 21.7 million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, was designated as a cash flow hedge of a mortgage note payable (as disclosed in Note 8) and was determined to be effective during the period presented. The Company expects the hedge to remain effective during the remaining term of the swap. The following table provides a summary of the Company s cash flow hedge relationship as of September 30, 2021 (dollars in thousands): Weighted Average Remaining Weighted Estimated Balance Sheet Maturity Average Receive Notional Fair Liability derivatives Location (in Years) Pay Rate Rate Amount Value Interest rate swap- Accrued 8 3.47 USD-LIBOR 21,097 (118) borrowing expenses BBA 1M+214 and other liabilities The amount of gain (loss) from the Company s cash flow hedge relationship recorded on the statement of comprehensive income during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (in thousands): 2021 2020 Liability derivatives: Interest rate swap-borrowing 1,333 (1,451) NOTE 15 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Effective December 16, 2021, the Company amended the existing 350 million revolving line of credit, as disclosed in Note 8. The line was amended to increase the borrowing limit to 525 million. The Company established an unsecured revolving line of credit with a financial institution on December 17, 2021, in the amount of 50 million. This line of credit will mature on December 17, 2024. Effective December 22, 2021, the Company purchased the assets of BHG MC Services, LLC, a related party, as disclosed in Note 10, for 25 million. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 12
 a2022bankershealthcaregr.htm
 EX-99.2

a2022bankershealthcaregr 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES (DOING BUSINESS AS BHG FINANCIAL) CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2022 and 2021 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES Davie, Florida CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2022 and 2021 CONTENTS REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ........................................ 1 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS .............................................................................................. 4 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME ................................................................................ 6 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ................................................ 7 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY .......................... 8 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS ....................................................................... 9 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .............................................................. 11 Crowe LLP Independent Member Crowe Global (Continued) 1. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC and Subsidiaries Davie, Florida Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC and Subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. (Continued) 2. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Transfers of Loan Receivables The Company enters into arrangements to transfer loan receivables. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Transfers and Servicing (Topic 860), as described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, transfers of loan receivables meeting the criteria for a sale are derecognized from the balance sheet and a net gain or loss on the sale is recognized in Loan Sales Revenue. We have identified the determination of whether the transfer should be accounted for as a sale as a critical audit matter as it involves a high degree of subjectivity. This subjectivity stems from management s assessment of whether the transferred assets have been isolated from the transferor and the effective control over the transferred assets has been relinquished. The primary procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included: Evaluating the Company s written accounting analysis assessing the criteria for a sale in accordance with ASC 860. Evaluating a true sale legal opinion from the Company s outside legal counsel. For a selection of loan receivable transfers, substantively testing the Company s determination of sales treatment by evaluating the executed master reserve agreement and individual purchase agreement. Qualitative Factors Estimated Loan Substitutions and Prepayments and Allowance for Loan Loss The estimated loan substitution and prepayments and the allowance for loan loss are significant estimates with a subjective determination of probable and incurred expenses in relation to the loan portfolio previously sold to third-party investors and loans maintained on the balance sheet as held for investment. Refer to Note 1, Note 2, and Note 6 for the Company s accounting policy and disclosures related to the estimated loan substitution and prepayments and the allowance for loan loss. The Company s estimated loan substitution and prepayments represents the probable and incurred expenses from the Company s optional purchase of defaulted loans, coverage of prepayment shortfall, and expenses incurred from investors claiming restricted assets. The calculation of historical expense experience is based on actual historical expenses incurred by the Company and the calculated historical expense experience is augmented by a qualitative factor to arrive at the balance reflected in the consolidated financial statements. The Company s allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses. Management estimates the allowance balance required using past loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations, economic conditions, and other factors. The qualitative factors include considerations of the following: levels of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans (including TDRs); levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; and national and local economic trends and conditions. 

3. We have identified the determination of the qualitative factor as a critical audit matter. The determination of the qualitative factor involves significant professional judgment and the use of subjective measurements by management, including internal credit quality data and external economic data. Auditing management s judgments in their determination of this qualitative factor requires a high degree of auditor effort and judgment. The primary procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included: Evaluating the significant judgments and assumptions used by management in the determination of the estimated loan substitution and prepayments and the allowance for loan loss qualitative factor. Analytically evaluating the qualitative factor year-over-year for reasonableness. Evaluating the relevance and reliability of the internal and external data used to develop the qualitative factor. Evaluating the overall reasonableness of the estimated loan substitution and prepayments and the allowance for loan loss. Crowe LLP We have served as the Company's auditor since 2013. Livingston, New Jersey December 13, 2022 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) (1) Includes amounts in consolidated variable interest entities (VIEs) presented separately in the table on next page. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 4 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash of 247,344 and 168,322 at September 30, 2022 and 2021 (1) 591,803 466,619 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of 41,341 and 20,489 at September 30, 2022 and 2021 (1) 1,045,853 800,011 Loans pledged, net of allowance for loan losses of 59,985 and 21,371 at September 30, 2022 and 2021 (1) 1,716,947 810,678 Loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value 437,602 164,719 Paycheck Protection Program loans 7,150 51,682 Accrued interest receivable (1) 24,701 18,397 Premises and equipment, net 91,739 73,050 Accounts receivable 36,646 2,515 Prepaid expenses 15,729 11,136 Equity investments 28,443 23,394 Intangible assets 24,125 2,250 Other assets (1) 24,648 15,295 Total assets 4,045,386 2,439,746 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities Estimated loan substitutions and prepayments 270,313 231,435 Borrower reimbursable fee 134,046 96,071 Secured borrowings, net of unamortized debt issuance costs (1) 2,387,997 1,458,192 Notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 656,700 275,476 Accrued compensation and other benefits 20,507 12,249 Accounts payable (1) 15,513 10,375 Lease liabilities 8,919 5,408 Accrued expenses and other liabilities (1) 22,650 18,001 Total liabilities 3,516,645 2,107,207 Stockholders equity Common stock 0.0005 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized and issued, 750,000 shares outstanding 1 1 Retained earnings 522,755 332,824 Treasury stock 250,000, at cost, shares at 0.68 (170) (170) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 6,155 (116) Total stockholders equity 528,741 332,539 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 4,045,386 2,439,746 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 5 The following table presents the assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs, which are included in the consolidated balance sheets above. The assets and liabilities in the table below exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation. 2022 2021 Assets of consolidated VIEs, included in total assets above Cash and cash equivalents 68,542 32,020 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 19,295 29,280 Loans pledged, net of allowance for loan losses 1,716,947 810,678 Accrued interest receivable 12,370 5,748 Other assets 527 331 Total assets of consolidated variable interest entities 1,817,681 878,057 Liabilities of consolidated VIEs, included in total liabilities above Secured borrowings, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 1,657,680 821,764 Accounts payable - 4 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 1,087 392 Total liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities 1,658,767 822,160 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 6 2022 2021 Interest income 370,176 164,330 Interest expense: Secured borrowings 59,912 31,909 Notes payable and other 15,731 2,504 Total interest expense 75,643 34,413 Net interest income 294,533 129,917 Provision for loan losses 125,181 39,196 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 169,352 90,721 Non-interest income: Gain on loan sales, net 516,734 393,857 Loan origination fees 118,414 89,197 Reimbursable servicing fee income 4,614 3,058 Other income 26,787 17,009 Total non-interest income 666,549 503,121 Total income net of interest expense and provision for loan losses 835,901 593,842 Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 235,548 169,786 Advertising expense 166,339 108,424 Amortization expense 4,810 1,491 Portfolio expense 23,447 15,213 Occupancy expense 4,644 4,245 Depreciation expense 11,368 3,992 Professional services 27,197 30,159 Equipment and technology expense 21,273 15,042 Other expense 27,298 10,935 Total non-interest expense 521,924 359,287 Net income 313,977 234,555 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 7 2022 2021 Net income 313,977 234,555 Other comprehensive income Unrealized gains on cash flow hedge: Unrealized holding gain arising during the period 6,272 1,333 Unrealized gains (losses) on interest-only strips: Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during the period (1) 13 Total other comprehensive income 6,271 1,346 Comprehensive income 320,248 235,901 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 8 Accumulated Other Common Retained Comprehensive Treasury Stock Earnings Income (Loss) Stock Total Balance at October 1, 2020 1 244,700 (1,462) (170) 243,069 Net income - 234,555 - - 234,555 Stockholder distributions - (146,431) - - (146,431) Other comprehensive income - - 1,346 - 1,346 Balance at September 30, 2021 1 332,824 (116) (170) 332,539 Net income - 313,977 - - 313,977 Stockholder distributions - (124,046) - - (124,046) Other comprehensive income - - 6,271 - 6,271 Balance at September 30, 2022 1 522,755 6,155 (170) 528,741 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 9 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income 313,977 234,555 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used for operating activities Depreciation expense 11,368 3,992 Amortization expense 4,810 1,491 Provision for loan losses 125,181 39,196 Origination of loans held for sale (2,544,421) (1,982,900) Purchase of loans held for sale (1,265,177) (716,067) Payments and proceeds from sale of loans held for sale 2,417,134 1,858,933 Gain on loan sales (516,734) (393,857) Gain on equity investments (485) (2,216) (Gain) loss on disposal of premises and equipment 3,769 (13) Change in lower of cost or fair value adjustment for loans held for sale 646 (153) Payments of operating lease liabilities (912) (868) Change in debt issuance costs (12,140) (9,816) Changes in assets and liabilities Accrued interest receivable (6,304) (11,539) Accounts receivable (34,131) (1,208) Prepaid expenses (4,593) (4,543) Other assets 2,928 (1,932) Estimated loan substitutions and prepayments (192,101) (173,235) Accrued compensation and other benefits 8,258 2,839 Accounts payable 5,138 4,583 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 4,718 3,369 Net cash used for operating activities (1,679,071) (1,149,389) Cash flows from investing activities Additions to premises and equipment (34,231) (36,792) Net change in loans 620,540 405,174 Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment 405 13 Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale previously classified as loans held for investment 13,348 7,065 Purchase of intangible asset (25,000) - Purchase of equity investments (4,564) (18,642) Net cash provided by investing activities 570,498 356,818 Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from notes payable 630,000 350,390 Payments on notes payable (248,820) (96,251) Proceeds from secured borrowings 2,149,682 1,536,663 Payments on secured borrowings (1,210,580) (693,122) Payments on finance lease liabilities (454) (417) Increase in borrower reimbursable fee 37,975 28,565 Stockholders distributions (124,046) (146,200) Net cash provided by financing activities 1,233,757 979,628 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 125,184 187,057 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning 466,619 279,562 Cash and cash equivalents, ending 591,803 466,619 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 10 2022 2021 Supplemental cash flow disclosures Cash paid during the year Interest 37,236 10,388 Additions to purchased credit-impaired loans 2,591 17,858 Non-cash transactions Transfer from loans held for investment to loans held for sale 13,348 7,695 Transfer from loans held for sale to loans held for investment 1,866,648 1,429,778 Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use asset 5,964 242 Remeasurement of lease obligations 1,087 - 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 11 NOTE 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Nature of Operations and Principles of Consolidation: Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC, doing business as BHG Financial, the Company is engaged in the origination of commercial and consumer loans to healthcare providers and other professionals throughout the United States. The loans originated by the Company are either unencumbered, financed by secured borrowings, or sold with limited or non-recourse to independent financial institutions and investors. The Company also has a lead generation division which partners with banks to originate and fund loans. Effective January 2015, 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Bankers Healthcare Group, Inc. were transferred to BHG Founders, Inc. BHG Founders ), a Florida corporation, in exchange for 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of BHG Founders. Subsequently, also effective January 2015, the Company was converted from a Florida corporation to Bankers Healthcare Group, LLC. As of October 1, 2020, the Company was owned 51 by BHG Founders, 8.55 by Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc., and 40.45 by Pinnacle National Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. Effective September 30, 2022, Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. transferred its ownership units to Pinnacle National Bank. The Company is owned by two stockholders as of September 30, 2022. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Principles of consolidation: The Company consolidates entities in which it has a controlling financial interest based on either the variable interest entity VIE or voting interest model. The Company is required to first apply the VIE model to determine whether it holds a variable interest in an entity, and if so, whether the entity is a VIE and, whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the entity and therefore has a controlling financial interest. An entity is considered to be a VIE if any of the following conditions exist: (a) the total equity investment at risk is not sufficient to finance the entity s activities without additional subordinated financial support, (b) the holders of the equity investment at risk lack the ability to make decisions that have a significant effect on the success of the entity or the obligation and rights to absorb the entity s expected losses or residual returns, or (c) substantially all of the entity s activities are on behalf of an investor with disproportionately few voting rights as compared to their obligation to absorb losses or right to receive returns from the entity. If the Company determines that the entity is not a VIE, it then applies the voting interest model. Under the voting interest model, the Company has a controlling financial interest when it holds a majority voting interest in an entity (see Note 9). Subsidiaries: Fund-Ex, LLC Fund-Ex ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, originated commercial loans to healthcare providers and other professionals throughout the United States. The loans originated by Fund-Ex are financed by secured borrowings to independent financial institutions and investors. BHG Patient Lending, LLC Patient Lending ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, facilitates relationships between lenders and healthcare providers. The intent of these relationships is to provide financing to patients for procedures. Patient Lending also acts as the servicer of the financing between independent financial institutions and the patient. Fund-Ex Solutions Group, LLC FSG ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, operates as an approved Small Business Lending Company (SBLC) and is engaged in the origination and sale of 7(a) commercial loans partially guaranteed by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 12 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Subsidiaries (Continued): 300 Spencer Street, LLC 300 Spencer ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a real estate entity that owns a parcel of land in Syracuse, New York. BHG Funding 01, LLC BHG Funding ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, engages in the financing of certain receivables. The Company uses BHG Funding for its financing activities, in which the Company transferred certain loans into BHG Funding such that the transferred assets can only be used to settle the obligations of BHG Funding. The Company also serves as the servicer of BHG Funding. BHG CB RC1, LLC RC1 ), BHG CB TL1, LLC TL1 and BHG CB RC2 RC2 ), wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company, finance certain receivables. The Company also serves as the servicer of these entities. 3700 Lakeside Drive, LLC 3700 Lakeside ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a real estate entity that owns a commercial building in which the Company operates. The following wholly owned subsidiaries, as shown in the table below, were created for the purpose of facilitating financing activities related to multiple asset backed securitization ABS transactions. Collectively these entities are referred to as the ABS Entities. In these transactions the Company transferred certain loans into BHG Securitization Funding, which then transferred the loans to the securitization trusts in exchange for notes indirectly backed by the respective notes by way of an equity interest in the grantor trusts. The loans were then transferred to and held by the grantor trusts. Funds from BHG Securitization Funding s sale of the asset backed notes sold, were used to settle the obligations of BHG Funding, a separate wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that the Company previously created. Additionally, the Company serves as the servicer of the transferred loans for the grantor trusts. Entity Name Formation Date BHG Securitization Funding, LLC July 2020 Bankers Healthcare Group Securitization Trust 2020-A July 2020 Bankers Healthcare Group Grantor Trust 2020-A July 2020 BHG Securitization Trust 2021-A May 2021 BHG Grantor Trust 2021-A May 2021 BHG Securitization Trust 2021-B September 2021 BHG Grantor Trust 2021-B September 2021 BHG Securitization Trust 2022-A February 2022 BHG Grantor Trust 2022-A February 2022 BHG Securitization Trust 2022-B June 2022 BHG Grantor Trust 2022-B June 2022 BHG Securitization Trust 2022-C September 2022 BHG Grantor Trust 2022-C September 2022 Effective November 2020, the wholly owned subsidiary Risk Management Solutions Group, LLC RMSG was created. RMSG is a consulting company that provides regulatory and financial risk management services to financial institutions. Effective March 2021, the wholly owned subsidiary Stratosphere Holdings, LLC Stratosphere Holdings was created. Stratosphere Holdings purchased an aircraft and holds the note payable related to the purchase. Effective June 2021, the wholly owned subsidiary BHG MCB Financing, LLC was created for the purpose of financing certain receivables. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 13 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Subsequent Events: The Company has evaluated subsequent events for recognition and disclosure through December 13, 2022, which is the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. Use of Estimates: To prepare financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles management makes estimates and assumptions based on available information. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the disclosures provided, and actual results could differ. Cash and Cash Equivalents: Cash and cash equivalents include unrestricted deposits with financial institutions in checking and money market accounts. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturity dates of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Restricted Cash: The Company has established mandatory reserve accounts with certain of its investors in in compliance with contractual requirements in the loan sale agreements, securitizations and financing transactions. Restricted cash in these accounts was 247.3 million and 168.3 million, as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Restricted cash reserve accounts range from 2.0 to 3.0 of the present value of the contracts for loan sale transactions. Concentration of Credit Risk: The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts, which at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents. The majority of the Company s loans are with businesses and medical professionals in the healthcare industry. Significant changes in healthcare laws, or other general changes in the industry could impact the collectability of these loans. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 14 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Transfers of Financial Assets: Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales when control over the assets has been relinquished. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when the assets have been isolated from the Company, the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. The Company s loan transfers to investors meet the criteria for sale accounting treatment. The Company does not service the loans, however some of the transfer agreements do specify the Company s involvement in the collection efforts on delinquent loans. Pursuant to the transfer agreement, the Company places approximately 3.0 of the total purchase price into a restricted cash account. The agreement acknowledges that these restricted balances are the property of, and belong exclusively to, the Company. The agreements authorize the investor to use the funds held within the accounts in certain circumstances upon a borrower's default. As a result, upon a transfer meeting the criteria for sale treatment, the Company will recognize a gain or loss at the time the loan is transferred and recognize an estimated liability for estimated loan substitutions and prepayments, which is initially recognized at fair value. Loan sales revenue includes the gain on sales of loans and the net adjustments to the estimated loan substitutions and prepayments. Certain other agreements in which investors fund the principal value of originated loans in return for interest sharing provisions and loss sharing provisions between the Company and investors. As a result of these additional clauses, sale criteria have not been determined to be met. Accordingly, these loans are carried at principal value net of allowance for loans losses and net of deferred loan fees on the balance sheet with an offsetting liability classified as a secured borrowing. Loans: The Company originates commercial and consumer loans to healthcare professionals and other professionals nationwide. Commercial loans are typically secured by liens and security interests on and in the borrower s business assets. In granting this type of loan, the Company primarily looks to the borrower s cash flow as the source of repayment with collateral. Payments on commercial loans are often dependent upon the successful operation of the underlying business involved. Repayment of such loans may therefore be negatively impacted by adverse changes in economic conditions, borrower s inability to effectively manage the business, claims of others against the borrower s assets which may take priority over the Company s claims against assets, death or disability of the borrower or loss of market for the borrower s products or services. Consumer loans are unsecured. The Company partners with certain lenders, including a related party lender (refer to Note 10), to facilitate both commercial and consumer loan originations in certain geographic locations. The Company acts as the marketing firm and refers the loan to a partner bank for funding. Once the loan is funded, the Company has the option to purchase the loan. The purchase price is the cost basis of the loan, equal to the principal net of any financed fees, plus a fee to the partner bank. Loans are offered by the partner banks to the Company on a weekly basis. The Company has the option, but not the obligation, to purchase these loans from the third party. If the Company does not elect to purchase, it is entitled to the origination fees on the loan. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 15 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Loans (Continued): Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are reported at the principal balance outstanding, net of deferred loan fees and costs, and an allowance for loan losses. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. In accordance with the level yield method, loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized in loan origination fees. The Company considers loans to be nonperforming at the time the loan is 30 days delinquent. Recognition of interest income on loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 30 days delinquent unless the loan is well-secured and in process of collection. All loans are typically charged off no later than 120 days past due. Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. All interest accrued but not received for loans placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. In March 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act was signed into law. The CARES Act includes the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), a program designed to aid small and medium-sized businesses, sole proprietors and other self-employed persons through federally guaranteed loans distributed through banks and other Small Business Administration (SBA) approved lenders. As of September 30, 2022, FSG, who originates all SBA loans, had funded approximately 220 million of PPP loans. These loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA, carry a term of two or five years, dependent on the date originated, earn interest at a 1.0 annualized interest rate, are fully guaranteed by the SBA, and are partially or totally forgivable if administered by the borrower according to guidance provided by the SBA. The Company believes these loans have the potential to be forgiven by the SBA if administered in accordance with the terms of the program. PPP loans are classified as loans held for investment as the Company has the intent and ability to hold these loans for a foreseeable future or to maturity or payoff. The Paycheck Protection Program ended in May 2021, as such, no additional PPP loans will be funded by FSG. No allowances are recorded for the loans originated under the PPP as the loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA. These loans resulted in net fee income of 9.7 million to be recognized over the life of the loans, which is between two and five years. Forgiveness of these loans by the SBA began late in the Company s fiscal fourth quarter of 2020. During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 1.5 million and 5.6 million of net deferred SBA PPP fees, included in loan origination fees on the consolidated statements of income. Purchased Credit Impaired Loans: As part of the substitution clauses within its loan sale agreements, the Company may repurchase individual loans and groups of loans, substantially all of which have shown evidence of credit deterioration since origination. Loans where some payments are reasonably expected to be collected are treated as purchased credit impaired loans. These purchased credit impaired loans are recorded at the present value of expected future cash flows, such that there is no carryover of the seller s allowance for loan losses. After acquisition, credit losses are recognized by an increase in the allowance for loan losses. Such purchased credit impaired loans are accounted for individually. The excess of the loan s contractual principal and interest over expected cash flows is not recorded (nonaccretable difference). Over the life of the loan, expected cash flows continue to be estimated. If the present value of expected cash flows is less than the carrying amount, a loss is recorded. If the present value of expected cash flows is greater than the carrying amount, the excess is recognized as part of future interest income. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 16 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Allowance for Loan Losses: The allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Management estimates the allowance balance required using past loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations, economic conditions, and other factors. Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. The allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Loans for which the terms have been modified resulting in a concession, and for which the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, are considered troubled debt restructurings and classified as impaired. Repayment of these loans is often dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Troubled debt restructurings TDRs are separately identified for impairment disclosures and are measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s effective rate at inception. For troubled debt restructurings that subsequently default, the Company determines the amount of reserve in accordance with its accounting policy for the allowance for loan losses. The general component covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience, net of recoveries, adjusted for a qualitative factor. The historical loss experience is based on the actual loss history experienced by the Company over the most recent three years. This actual loss experience is supplemented with qualitative factors based on the risks present. The qualitative factors include considerations of the following: levels of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans (including TDRs); levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; and national and local economic trends and conditions. Loans Held for Sale: At origination or purchase, all loans are intended for sale in the secondary market and are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or fair value, as determined by outstanding commitments from investors. Net unrealized losses, if any, are recorded as a valuation allowance and charged to the consolidated statements of income. Loans held for sale are sold with servicing rights released. On a monthly basis, management evaluates its intent and reclassifies to held for sale, if its intent has changed. Loans transferred from held for sale to held for investment are transferred at their carrying amount. During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, loans held for sale of 1.9 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively, were transferred to loans held for investment. Loans transferred back from held for investment to held for sale are transferred at amortized cost of the loan, if amortized cost of the loan is lower than fair value, the difference is recorded in a valuation allowance. During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, loans held for investment of 13.3 million and 7.7 million, respectively, were transferred to held for sale. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 17 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Lending Risk The principal business of the Company is lending in commercial and consumer loans around the country. A substantial portion of the Company s loans are unsecured. Accordingly, the ultimate collectability of the loan portfolio is susceptible to changes in market and economic conditions. Commercial Loans Generally, these loans are secured by liens and security interests on and in the borrower s business assets. A weakened economy, and resultant decreased consumer and/or business spending, could have an effect on the credit quality in this loan class. Consumer Loans Loans in this classification are mostly unsecured. Repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. Therefore, the overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates, the borrower s disposable income and housing prices, could have an effect on the credit quality in this loan class. Accrued Interest Receivable: Accrued interest receivable includes interest due to the Company from the loans held on the consolidated balance sheets. Management believes there are no material uncollectible accrued interest receivable as of September 30, 2022 and 2021. Premises and Equipment: Land is carried at cost. Premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for additions and improvements are capitalized. Repairs and maintenance charges, which are not considered to extend the useful lives of the assets, are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset ranging from three to thirty years. The Company records its finance lease as an asset and an obligation at an amount equal to the present value at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term. The Company capitalizes development costs for internal use software beginning at the start of application development. Depreciation begins on the date the software is placed in service and the depreciation period is based on estimated useful life. Accounts Receivable: Accounts receivable mainly include receivables from investors as a result of loan sales, interest rate swap receivables, referral commission income earned but not yet received, and miscellaneous trade receivables. Management believes there are no material uncollectible accounts receivable as of September 30, 2022 and 2021. Equity Investments: Equity investments include investments without a readily determinable fair value. These investments are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes in value resulting from observable price changes arising from orderly transactions. The Company considers a range of factors when adjusting the fair value of these investments, including, but not limited to, the term and nature of the investment, market conditions, values for comparable securities, current and projected operating performance, and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. Fair value adjustments from observable price changes arising from orderly transactions of 485,000 and 2.2 million for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, have been included in other income. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 18 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Intangible Assets: Intangible assets are accounted for in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other. Under ASC 350, intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have an indefinite life are not amortized and are subject to impairment tests, at least annually. The Company has selected September 30 as the date to perform the analysis in which carrying value is compared to fair value. Refer to Note 4 for further discussion on the Company s accounting policies for intangible assets. Servicing Assets and Liabilities: Upon sale of the loans to third parties, any servicing right asset or liability is recognized at fair value with the income statement effect recorded in gain on sales of loans. Servicing assets and liabilities are subsequently measured under ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing, using the amortization method. The Company is using the amortization method, which amortizes the asset in proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated future net servicing income on the underlying sold portions of the loans (guaranteed) and assesses the servicing assets for impairment based on fair value at each reporting date. Servicing assets of 3.8 million and 2.9 million are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Servicing liabilities of 493,000 and 824,000 are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense relating to servicing assets amounted to 933,000 and 349,000 for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, and has been included in amortization expense. In evaluating and measuring impairment of servicing assets, the fair value of servicing assets is determined by calculating the present value of estimated future net servicing cash flows, using assumptions of prepayments, defaults, servicing costs and discount rates that the Company believes market participants would use for similar assets. If the Company determines that the impairment is temporary, a valuation allowance is recognized through a charge to current earnings for any excess of amortized cost over the current fair value. If the fair value were to later increase, the valuation allowance may be reduced as a recovery. However, if the Company determines that impairment is other than temporary, the value of the servicing asset and any related valuation allowance is written down. No valuation allowance was recorded as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Rights to receive: The Company purchases the right to receive future cash flows (collectively, RTR that are generally remitted to the Company on a daily or weekly basis over a short-term period, generally ranging from four to twelve months from funding. RTR are carried at amortized cost, reduced by an allowance for losses estimated as of the balance sheet dates. RTR, net of allowance, of 910,000 and 1.4 million are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Company-Owned Life Insurance: The Company has purchased life insurance policies on certain key executives. Company-owned life insurance is recorded at the amount that can be realized under the insurance contract at the balance sheet date, which is the cash surrender value adjusted for other charges or other amounts due that are probable at settlement. Cash surrender value of company-owned life insurance of 1.9 million and 2.0 million is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 19 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Interest-Only Strip: The Company records an interest-only strip when it has a right to excess interest payment streams related to loans transferred to third parties that meet the criteria for sales treatment. These interest-only strips are accounted for similar to securities available for sale and are carried at fair value, with unrealized holding gains and losses reported in other comprehensive income. All interest received is applied first to expected monthly cash flows, and then to accretable yield. Expected cash flows are reviewed on a monthly basis to determine if adjustment to carrying amount is necessary. Interest only strip of 616,000 and 1.1 million is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. No new interest-only strips were originated during the year ended September 30, 2022. There were 886,000 new interest-only strips originated under agreements with investors during the year ended September 30, 2021. Debt Issuance Costs: Debt issuance costs are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, during the revolving period of the line of credit or during the total term of the term debt agreement, respectively. The unamortized debt issuance costs relating to the lines of credit are included in other assets and the unamortized costs relating to term debt are recorded as either a reduction of the corresponding note payable or secured borrowing. Amortization of debt issuance costs is recorded in the consolidated statements of income within notes payable interest expense or secured borrowings interest expense, dependent on the classification of the debt it relates to. Estimated loan substitutions and prepayments: The estimate for loan substitutions and prepayments represent the Company's estimate of expenses from the Company s discretionary repurchase or substitution of defaulted loans, coverage of prepayment shortfall, and expenses incurred from investors claiming restricted assets. In accordance with ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing, the estimate for loan substitutions and prepayments is initially recognized at fair value and then subsequently recorded considering the probability of a discretionary substitution or prepayment event. The expense is estimated based on thirty-six month trailing historical expense rate and is adjusted for qualitative factors. The qualitative factor includes considerations of the following: levels of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans; levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; effects of any changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; other changes in lending policies, procedures, and practices; and national economic trends and conditions. Borrower Reimbursable Fee: Most commercial loans originated by the Company include a fee that is collected at the time of funding that is due to be repaid to the borrower at the time the note is paid in full, less any accumulated fees, etc. The outstanding payable for these reimbursable fees, net of any accumulated fees, or forfeiture, was 134.0 million and 96.1 million, as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Self-Insurance: The Company is self-insured for certain losses relating to medical claims. Self-insurance claims filed and claims incurred but not reported are accrued based upon management s estimates of the discounted ultimate cost for self-insured claims incurred using actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry and historical experience. Although management believes it has the ability to reasonably estimate losses related to claims, it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded self-insurance liabilities. Total self-insurance liabilities of 862,000 and 824,000 are included in accrued compensation and other benefits on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 20 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Loss Contingencies: Loss contingencies, including claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood of loss is probable and an amount or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. Management does not believe that there are such matters that will have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. During 2022, SBA staff performed an initial review on one of FSG s defaulted 7(a) loans and recommended the agency decline to honor its guaranty due to an alleged failure by FSG to comply with the agency's loan Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) requirements. FSG has responded to the staff's recommendation outlining why it believes the procedures followed in making the loan are consistent with the requirements of the SOP. FSG has assessed the potential risk for loss from a guaranty denial by the SBA and determined the probability to be remote. Accordingly, FSG has not accrued any loss contingency in the financial statements. If the SBA were to deny the loan guarantee, FSG s loss would be 3.3 million. Fair Value of Financial Instruments: Fair values of financial instruments are estimated using relevant market information and other assumptions, as more fully disclosed in a separate note. Fair value estimates involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment regarding interest rates, credit risk, prepayments, and other factors, especially in the absence of broad markets for particular items. Changes in assumptions or in market conditions could significantly affect these estimates. Fair value is the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair values: Level 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date. Level 2 Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. Level 3 Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. Income Taxes: The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The periods subject to examination for the Company's federal return are the 2019 through 2021 tax years. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit, therefore no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded. The Company's policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income before taxes. There were no such items during the periods covered in this report. The Company has elected to be treated as a Partnership under the Internal Revenue Code and the Florida and New York State Tax Laws. Under these elections, the income, generally, is taxed directly to its stockholders. Accordingly, an accrual for the estimated amount of tax due to the stockholders has been recorded as a distribution at year-end. No provision or liability for federal income taxes has been recorded in these consolidated financial statements. In addition, several states and jurisdictions have enacted tax on income when income exceeds certain levels, which resulted in a corporate level tax of 10.7 million and 3.0 million for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that has been included in other expense. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 21 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Comprehensive Income: Comprehensive income consists of net income and other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income includes unrealized gains (losses) on the interest-only strips as well as unrealized gains on the cash flow hedges, which are also recognized as separate components of stockholders equity. Commission Income on Referrals: For borrowers that do not meet the Company s loan underwriting standards, the Company refers the borrowers to other financing companies and earns a fee if the other finance company extends credit to the borrower. The Company records revenue when the partnered financing companies fund the loan, as well as when contractual payments are made by the borrowers. Commission income on referrals of 2.3 million and 1.8 million, for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, has been included in other income. Commission income on referrals is the Company s only in- scope revenue stream that is subject to ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Advertising Expense: Advertising costs are expensed in the year they are incurred. Advertising expense amounted to 166.3 million and 108.4 million for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Portfolio Expense: Portfolio expenses are related to miscellaneous loan administration and collection costs. These costs are expensed in the year they are incurred. Portfolio expense amounted to 23.4 million and 15.2 million for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Derivatives: The Company has entered into cash flow hedge agreements. A cash flow hedge is a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability. For a cash flow hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative is reported in other comprehensive income and is reclassified into earnings in the same periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Net cash settlements on derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting are recorded in interest expense, based on the item being hedged. Cash flows on hedges are classified in the consolidated statements of cash flows the same as the cash flows of the items being hedged. The Company formally documents the relationship between derivatives and hedged items, as well as the risk-management objective and the strategy for undertaking hedge transactions at the inception of the hedging relationship. This documentation includes linking cash flow hedges to specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific firm commitments or forecasted transactions. The Company also formally assesses, both at the hedge s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivative instruments that are used are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged items. The Company discontinues hedge accounting when it determines that the derivative is no longer effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item, the derivative is settled or terminates, a hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable, a hedged firm commitment is no longer firm, or treatment of the derivative as a hedge is no longer appropriate or intended. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 22 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Derivatives (Continued): When hedge accounting is discontinued, subsequent changes in fair value of the derivative are recorded as other income. When a cash flow hedge is discontinued but the hedged cash flows or forecasted transactions are still expected to occur, gains or losses that were accumulated in other comprehensive income are amortized into earnings over the same periods which the hedged transaction will affect earnings. The Company is exposed to losses if a counterparty fails to make its payments under a contract in which the Company is in the net receiving position. The Company anticipates that the counterparties will be able to fully satisfy their obligations under the agreements. The contract to which the Company is a party settles monthly. Retirement Plan: The Company sponsors a qualified 401(k) retirement plan covering all eligible employees. The Company s 401(k) plan expense is the amount of contributions, which is equal to 100 of the employee contribution up to 6 of their eligible compensation. Reclassifications: Some items in the prior year financial statements may have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. Reclassifications had no effect on prior year net income or stockholders equity. Recent Accounting Pronouncements: The Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued new guidance, Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, to replace the incurred loss model for loans and other financial assets with an expected loss model, which is referred to as the current expected credit loss (CECL) model. The CECL model is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loan receivables held for investment. The CECL model requires measurement of expected credit losses based on historical experience and current conditions as well as by including reasonable and supportable forecasts incorporating forward-looking information. The guidance also requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the reporting period of adoption. The Company anticipates adopting this standard on October 1, 2023 and is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this standard on the consolidated financial statements. To date, the Company has assessed the key differences between the current allowance methodology and model and those it is considering using upon adoption. While currently unable to reasonably estimate the impact of adopting this standard, we may record material increases to our credit reserves as the new guidance involves earlier recognition of expected losses for the life of the assets. The ultimate impact of adoption will be influenced by the composition, characteristics and quality of the loan portfolios as well as the prevailing economic conditions and forecasts as of the adoption date. In January 2021, the FASB issued Topic 848, Reference Rate Reform, which clarified that all derivative instruments affected by the changes to interest rates used for discounting, margining, or contract price alignment, regardless of whether they reference LIBOR or another rate expected to be discontinued as a result of reference rate reform, and entity may apply certain practical expedients in Topic 848. The amendments in these Updates are elective and can be applied for a limited time between March 12, 2020 and December 31, 2022. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have material effect on the Company s operating results or financial condition. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 23 NOTE 2 LOANS Loans held for investment, including loans held for investment, pledged and Paycheck Protection Program loans, at September 30, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 2022 2021 Commercial 2,060,936 1,082,216 Consumer 934,728 639,750 PPP 7,486 53,590 Less: Net deferred loan fees and costs (131,874) (71,325) Allowance for loan losses (101,326) (41,860) Loans, net 2,769,950 1,662,371 The Company does not have any information that would indicate its PPP loans did not meet the SBA underwriting standards and, as the SBA loans are 100 guaranteed, there is no associated allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2022 and 2021. Deferred fees and costs related to PPP loans totaled 336,000 and 1.9 million at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table presents the activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): September 30, 2022 Commercial Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning balance 25,469 16,391 41,860 Provision for loan losses 67,872 57,309 125,181 Loans charged-off (37,837) (32,776) (70,613) Recoveries 3,542 1,356 4,898 Total ending allowance balance 59,046 42,280 101,326 September 30, 2021 Commercial Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning balance 12,370 7,076 19,446 Provision for loan losses 22,467 16,729 39,196 Loans charged-off (10,813) (7,747) (18,560) Recoveries 1,445 333 1,778 Total ending allowance balance 25,469 16,391 41,860 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 24 NOTE 2 LOANS (Continued) The following table presents the balance in the allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans by portfolio, excluding PPP loans, and based on impairment method as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): September 30, 2022 Commercial Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses: Ending allowance balance attributable to loans: Individually evaluated for impairment 19,960 12,671 32,631 Collectively evaluated for impairment 38,669 29,607 68,276 Acquired with deteriorated credit quality 417 2 419 Total ending allowance balance 59,046 42,280 101,326 Loans: Loans individually evaluated for impairment 45,352 31,084 76,436 Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 2,007,413 903,276 2,910,689 Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality 8,171 368 8,539 Total ending loans balance 2,060,936 934,728 2,995,664 September 30, 2021 Commercial Consumer Total Allowance for loan losses: Ending allowance balance attributable to loans: Individually evaluated for impairment 5,296 3,303 8,599 Collectively evaluated for impairment 20,123 13,088 33,211 Acquired with deteriorated credit quality 50 - 50 Total ending allowance balance 25,469 16,391 41,860 Loans: Loans individually evaluated for impairment 13,283 8,631 21,914 Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 1,057,263 630,706 1,687,969 Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality 11,670 413 12,083 Total ending loans balance 1,082,216 639,750 1,721,966 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 25 NOTE 2 LOANS (Continued) The following table presents information related to impaired loans as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended (in thousands): Unpaid Allowance for Average Principal Recorded Loan Losses Recorded Balance Investment Allocated Investment September 30, 2022 With an allowance recorded: Commercial 45,352 45,352 19,959 29,318 Consumer 31,084 31,084 12,672 19,858 September 30, 2021 With an allowance recorded: Commercial 13,283 13,283 5,296 10,273 Consumer 8,631 8,631 3,303 6,295 The recorded investment in loans excludes accrued interest receivable and loan origination fees, net, due to immateriality. Impaired loans include loans that are individually evaluated for impairment as well as troubled debt restructurings. Interest income and cash basis interest income recognized on impaired loans is not material. The following table presents the aging of the recorded investment in past due loans as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 30 - 59 60 - 89 Greater than Days Days 89 Days Total Loans Not Past Due Past Due Past Due Past Due Past Due Total September 30, 2022 Commercial 19,317 10,843 15,192 45,352 2,015,584 2,060,936 Consumer 15,248 8,246 7,590 31,084 903,644 934,728 September 30, 2021 Commercial 3,585 2,050 7,648 13,283 1,068,933 1,082,216 Consumer 4,026 2,270 2,335 8,631 631,119 639,750 All loans greater than 30 days past due were not accruing interest as of September 30, 2022 and 2021. Troubled Debt Restructurings As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company has a recorded investment in troubled debt restructurings of 5.0 million and 4.5 million, respectively. The Company has allocated 150,000 and 154,000 of specific reserves for those loans at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and has committed to lend no additional amounts to these borrowers. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, one loan amounted to 1.2 million of the recorded investment. During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the terms of certain commercial and consumer loans were modified as troubled debt restructurings. The modification of the terms of such loans included one or a combination of the following: a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan; an extension of the maturity date at a stated rate of interest lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk; or a permanent reduction of the recorded investment in the loan. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 26 NOTE 2 LOANS (Continued) During the year ended September 30, 2022, a modification of 59 loans were made involving extensions of the maturity dates, reductions in the principal due or reductions in the interest rate. The extensions were for period ranging from three months to twenty-eight months. During the year ended September 30, 2021, a modification of 32 loans were made involving extensions of the maturity dates. The extensions were for period ranging from six months to forty-nine months. The following table presents loans modified as troubled debt restructurings that occurred during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): Pre-Modification Post-Modification Outstanding Outstanding Number of Recorded Recorded Loans Investment Investment September 30, 2022 Troubled debt restructurings: Commercial 35 1,986 1,962 Consumer 24 1,228 1,222 The troubled debt restructurings described above increased the allowance for loan losses by 43,000 for the year ended September 30, 2022. September 30, 2021 Troubled debt restructurings: Commercial 22 1,495 1,497 Consumer 10 437 438 The troubled debt restructurings described above increased the allowance for loan losses by 55,000 for the year ended September 30, 2021. The following table presents the loans modified as troubled debt restructurings for which there was a payment default within twelve months following the modification during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): Number of Recorded Loans Investment September 30, 2022 Troubled debt restructurings: Commercial 19 718 Consumer 12 442 The troubled debt restructurings described above increased the allowance for loan losses by 11,000 and resulted in nine charge offs during the year ended September 30, 2022. Number of Recorded Loans Investment September 30, 2021 Troubled debt restructurings: Commercial 11 579 Consumer 5 199 The troubled debt restructurings described above increased the allowance for loan losses by 17,000 and resulted in two charge offs during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 27 NOTE 2 LOANS (Continued) A loan is considered to be in payment default once it is 30 days contractually past due under the modified terms. In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. This evaluation is performed under the Company s internal underwriting policy. Credit Quality Indicators The Company considers the performance of the loan portfolio and its impact on the allowance for loan losses. For commercial loans, the Company evaluates credit quality based on the aging status of the loan, which was previously presented, and by payment activity. The Company considers loans to be nonperforming at the time the loan is 30 days delinquent unless the loan is well-secured and in process of collection. The following table presents the recorded investment in commercial and consumer loans, excluding PPP loans, based on payment activity as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): Commercial Consumer September 30, 2022 Performing 2,015,584 903,644 Nonperforming 45,352 31,084 Total 2,060,936 934,728 Commercial Consumer September 30, 2021 Performing 1,068,933 631,119 Nonperforming 13,283 8,631 Total 1,082,216 639,750 Purchased Credit Impaired Loans The Company has purchased loans, for which there was, at acquisition, evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and it was probable, at acquisition, that all contractually required payments would not be collected. The carrying amount of the loans is as follows (in thousands): 2022 2021 Carrying amount, net of allowance of 419 and 50 8,120 12,033 Purchased credit impaired loans purchased during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, for which it was probable at acquisition that all contractually required payments would not be collected, were not material. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 28 NOTE 3 PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT, NET A schedule of premises and equipment at September 30, 2022 and 2021, is as follows (in thousands): 2022 2021 Leasehold improvements 1,719 1,785 Furniture and fixtures 1,806 2,181 Office equipment 6,389 7,099 Land 6,207 6,207 Buildings and building improvements 29,859 29,797 Aircraft 10,390 10,390 Software 37,136 7,163 Internal use software work in progress 20,915 19,491 Building - work in progress - 3,369 Accumulated depreciation (22,682) (14,432) Premises and equipment, net 91,739 73,050 Depreciation expense was 11.4 million and 4.0 million for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. NOTE 4 INTANGIBLE ASSETS FSG owns a Small Business Loan Company (SBLC) license and is authorized to make government guaranteed loans under the Small Business Administration 7(a) Business Loan program. FSG evaluates the intangible asset annually for impairment on September 30. As of and for the years ending September 30, 2022 and 2021 there has been no impairment of this intangible asset. No amortization expense was recorded on the license as of September 30, 2022, as it is considered to have an indefinite life. In December 2021, the Company acquired a 50 profit share in a consumer and commercial credit card portfolio for 25 million. The Company is accounting for this as a customer-related intangible asset subject to amortization on a straight-line basis over a weighted average amortizable life of 6 years. As of, and for the year ending, September 30, 2022 there has been no impairment of this intangible asset. NOTE 5 LEASES Lessee Arrangements The Company enters into leases in the normal course of business primarily for financial centers, back-office operations locations, business, and information technology equipment. Certain lease agreements contain renewal options which are considered in the determination of the lease term if they are deemed reasonably certain to be executed. The Company s leases do not include residual value guarantees or covenants. The Company includes lease extension and termination options in the lease term if, after considering relevant economic factors, it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise the option. The Company has elected not to recognize leases with original lease terms of 12 months or less (short-term leases) on the Company s balance sheet. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 29 NOTE 5 LEASES (Continued) Lessee Arrangements (Continued) Leases are classified as operating and finance leases at the lease commencement date. Lease expense for operating leases and short-term leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Right- of-use assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are estimated based on the present value of future lease payments discounted using the Company s incremental secured borrowing rates as of the commencement date of the lease. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities by lease type, and the associated balance sheet classifications are as follows at September 30 (in thousands): Balance Sheet Classification 2022 2021 Right of use assets: Operating leases Other assets 7,524 3,557 Finance leases Premises and equipment, net 917 1,310 Total right-of-use assets 8,441 4,867 Lease liabilities: Operating leases Lease liabilities 7,629 3,663 Finance leases Lease liabilities 1,290 1,745 Total lease liabilities 8,919 5,408 Lease Expense The components of total lease cost for the period ending were as follows for the year ended September 30 (in thousands): 2022 2021 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets 393 393 Interest on lease liabilities 77 99 Operating lease cost 1,188 1,062 Short-term lease cost 253 35 Variable lease cost 251 267 Total lease cost 2,162 1,856 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 30 NOTE 5 LEASES (Continued) Lease obligations Future undiscounted lease payments for finance and operating leases with initial terms for one year or more as of September 30, 2022 are as follows (in thousands): Finance Operating Lease Leases 2023 548 2,274 2024 564 1,458 2025 263 1,373 2026 - 1,337 2027 - 1,351 Thereafter - 408 Total undiscounted lease payments 1,375 8,201 Less: imputed interest (85) (572) Net lease liabilities 1,290 7,629 Supplemental Lease Information at September 30 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Finance lease weighted average remaining lease term (years) 2 3 Finance lease weighted average discount rate 5.0 5.0 Operating leases weighted average remaining lease term (years) 5 5 Operating leases weighted average discount rate 3.0 4.0 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases 912 868 Operating cash flows from finance lease 77 99 Financing cash flows from finance lease 454 417 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 5,964 242 Decreases to right-of-use assets resulting from remeasurement of lease obligations for operating lease liabilities 1,087 - Material lease entered into, but not yet on the balance sheet As of September 30, 2022, the Company had entered into an additional lease which had not yet commenced and is therefore not included in the right-of-use asset or the operating lease liability. This operating lease is expected to commence during the Company s fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 with a lease term of 10 years. Estimated future lease commitments for this lease are 6.3 million. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 31 NOTE 6 ESTIMATED LOAN SUBSTITUTIONS AND PREPAYMENTS The following table presents the activity in the estimated loan substitutions and prepayments during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 2022 2021 Estimated loan substitutions and prepayments: Beginning balance 231,435 256,268 Provision for (credit from) estimated loan substitutions and prepayments, included in gain on loan sales (60,370) (76,930) Loan sales 291,349 225,332 Expenses incurred (192,101) (173,235) Total ending estimated loan substitutions and prepayments 270,313 231,435 Expenses incurred include expenses from repurchase or substitution of defaulted loans, prepayment of loans, and expenses incurred from investors claiming restricted assets, a portion of these expenses incurred are attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic. The estimated loan substitutions and prepayments is subject to total outstanding and sold loans of 5.1 billion and 4.1 billion as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table presents the activity in gain on loan sales, net during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 2022 2021 Gain on loan sales, gross 747,713 542,259 Increase in estimated loan substitutions and prepayments from sale of loans (291,349) (225,332) (Provision for) credit from estimated loan substitutions and prepayments 60,370 76,930 Gain on loan sales, net 516,734 393,857 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 32 NOTE 7 SECURED BORROWINGS Loans transferred to investors (including Pinnacle Bank) that do not meet the requirements of sale treatment are carried at principal value net of allowance for loans losses and net of deferred loan fees on the balance sheet with an offsetting liability classified as a secured borrowing, which represents the investors interest. The Company and investors share in the interest income and principal losses based on an agreed percentage. The investors service the loans and remit the Company its share of the borrowers payment. The secured borrowing itself is repaid as the related asset is repaid to the Company. As of September 30, 2022, and 2021, loans transferred to investors that do not meet the requirements of sale treatment are 719.4 million and 582.6 million, respectively. TL1 has a term loan agreement with a financial institution in the amount of 18.8 million. This agreement was subsequently amended in November 2019 and April 2022. This term loan agreement accrues interest at a rate of 6.2 and has a maturity date of October 2023. This loan is collateralized by 7.1 million in loans held for investment as of September 30, 2022. RC1 has a revolving line of credit agreement with a financial institution in the amount of 15 million. This agreement was subsequently amended in November 2019. This revolving credit agreement accrues interest at a rate of 5.25 and has a maturity date of November 2022. This line is collateralized by 6.3 million in loans held for investment as of September 30, 2022. RC2 has a revolving line of credit agreement with a financial institution in the amount of 30 million. This revolving credit agreement accrues interest at a rate of 4.5 and has a maturity date of April 2023. The line is collateralized by 7.4 million in loans held for investment as of September 30, 2022. In November 2019, the Company transferred certain loans to BHG Funding, which did not meet the requirements of sale treatment. The Company entered into a credit facility agreement (the Credit Facility with Credit Suisse Securities USA Credit Suisse which is secured by the loans transferred to BHG Funding 01. This agreement was subsequently amended in December 2019, February 2020, March 2020, May 2020, January 2021, July 2021, January 2022 and April 2022. The Credit Facility permits the Company to borrow up to 200 million in two different tranches (i.e. Class A Tranche and Class B Tranche), bearing interest at Daily/90 LIBOR and has a maturity date of May 2024. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no outstanding borrowings on this facility and as such, there were no loans pledged against this facility FSG has a credit facility (the PPPLF with the Federal Reserve Bank in conjunction with the PPP. Available borrowings are equal to the outstanding balance of PPP loans. Advancements are collateralized by all PPP loans, which are included in Paycheck Protection Program loans. The PPPLF accrues interest at a fixed rate of 35 basis points. The PPPLF will mature on the earlier of the maturity date or the date of loan forgiveness reimbursement of the collateral. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 33 NOTE 7 SECURED BORROWINGS (Continued) In July 2020, the Company transferred certain loans to BHG Securitization Funding, which did not meet the requirements of sale treatment. Next, BHG Securitization Funding transferred the loans to Bankers Healthcare Group Securitization Trust 2020-A in exchange for notes indirectly backed by the respective loans by way of an equity interest in Bankers Healthcare Group Grantor Trust 2020-A. Both of these subsequent transfers also did not meet the requirements for sale treatment. The asset backed notes are secured by ownership certificates in Bankers Healthcare Group Securitization Trust 2020-A, which owns a 100 ownership interest in Bankers Healthcare Group Grantor Trust 2020-A, which ultimately holds the respective loans. The asset backed notes are issued in three different tranches (i.e. Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes), bearing interest at a fixed rate of 2.56 , 3.59 , 5.17 , respectfully. The Company paid a one-time non-refundable upfront underwriting fee of 1.5 million and certain other costs related to the issuance of the Notes. Effective July 27, 2020, BHG Securitization Funding sold the asset backed notes to Credit Suisse in exchange for 147.2 million, with the Company retaining 50.36 of the Class C Notes and the residual interest in the underlying loans. These Class C Notes were subsequently sold effective May 11, 2021. In total, 95.1 million and 132.3 million in gross loans were pledged as collateral to the securitization as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in loans pledged, net of allowance on the consolidated balance sheets. In May 2021, the Company transferred certain loans to BHG Securitization Funding, which did not meet the requirements of sale treatment. Next, BHG Securitization Funding transferred the loans to BHG Securitization Trust 2021-A in exchange for notes indirectly backed by the respective loans by way of an equity interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2021-A. Both of these subsequent transfers also did not meet the requirements for sale treatment. The asset backed notes are secured by ownership certificates in BHG Securitization Trust 2021-A, which owns a 100 ownership interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2021-A, which ultimately holds the respective loans. The asset backed notes are issued in three different tranches (i.e. Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes), bearing interest at a fixed rate of 1.42 , 2.79 , 3.69 , respectfully with the Company retaining the residual interest. The Company paid a one-time non-refundable upfront underwriting fee of 4.0 million and certain other costs related to the issuance of the Notes. Effective May 7, 2021, BHG Securitization Funding sold the asset backed notes to Credit Suisse in exchange for 348.7 million. In total, 264.5 million and 346.5 million in gross loans were pledged as collateral to the securitization as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in loans pledged, net of allowance on the consolidated balance sheets. In September 2021, the Company transferred certain loans to BHG Securitization Funding, which did not meet the requirements of sale treatment. Next, BHG Securitization Funding transferred the loans to BHG Securitization Trust 2021-B in exchange for notes indirectly backed by the respective loans by way of an equity interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2021-B. Both of these subsequent transfers also did not meet the requirements for sale treatment. The asset backed notes are secured by ownership certificates in BHG Securitization Trust 2021-B, which owns a 100 ownership interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2021-B, which ultimately holds the respective loans. The asset backed notes are issued in five different tranches (i.e. Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, Class D Notes and Class E Notes), bearing interest at a fixed rate of 0.9 , 1.67 , 2.24 , 3.17 and 4.55 , respectfully with the Company retaining the residual interest. The Company paid a one-time non-refundable upfront underwriting fee of 3.6 million and certain other costs related to the issuance of the Notes. Effective September 22, 2021, BHG Securitization Funding sold the asset backed notes to Credit Suisse in exchange for 371.9 million. In total, 315.9 million and 396.2 million in gross loans were pledged as collateral to the securitization as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in loans pledged, net of allowance on the consolidated balance sheets. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 34 NOTE 7 SECURED BORROWINGS (Continued) In February 2022, the Company transferred certain loans to BHG Securitization Funding, which did not meet the requirements of sale treatment. Next, BHG Securitization Funding transferred the loans to BHG Securitization Trust 2022-A in exchange for notes indirectly backed by the respective loans by way of an equity interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2022-A. Both of these subsequent transfers also did not meet the requirements for sale treatment. The asset backed notes are secured by ownership certificates in BHG Securitization Trust 2022-A, which owns a 100 ownership interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2022-A, which ultimately holds the respective loans. The asset backed notes are issued in five different tranches (i.e. Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, Class D Notes and Class E Notes), bearing interest at a fixed rate of 1.71 , 2.7 , 3.08 , 3.56 and 4.3 , respectfully with the Company retaining the residual interest. The Company paid a one-time non-refundable upfront underwriting fee of 4.4 million and certain other costs related to the issuance of the Notes. Effective February 9, 2022, BHG Securitization Funding sold the asset backed notes to Credit Suisse in exchange for 492.4 million. In total, 446.2 million in gross loans were pledged as collateral to the securitization as of September 30, 2022 and are included in loans pledged, net of allowance on the consolidated balance sheets. In June 2022, the Company transferred certain loans to BHG Securitization Funding, which did not meet the requirements of sale treatment. Next, BHG Securitization Funding transferred the loans to BHG Securitization Trust 2022-B in exchange for notes indirectly backed by the respective loans by way of an equity interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2022-B. Both of these subsequent transfers also did not meet the requirements for sale treatment. The asset backed notes are secured by ownership certificates in BHG Securitization Trust 2022-B, which owns a 100 ownership interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2022-B, which ultimately holds the respective loans. The asset backed notes are issued in five different tranches (i.e. Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, Class D Notes and Class E Notes), bearing interest at a fixed rate of 3.75 , 4.84 , 5.39 , 6.69 and 6.36 , respectfully. The Company paid a one-time non-refundable upfront underwriting fee of 2.4 million and certain other costs related to the issuance of the Notes. Effective June 8, 2022, BHG Securitization Funding sold the asset backed notes to Credit Suisse in exchange for 261.4 million, with the Company retaining 5 each of the Class A, B, C, and D notes and 100 of the Class E Notes and the residual interest in the underlying loans. In total, 302.9 million in gross loans were pledged as collateral to the securitization as of September 30, 2022 and are included in loans pledged, net of allowance on the consolidated balance sheets. In September 2022, the Company transferred certain loans to BHG Securitization Funding, which did not meet the requirements of sale treatment. Next, BHG Securitization Funding transferred the loans to BHG Securitization Trust 2022-C in exchange for notes indirectly backed by the respective loans by way of an equity interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2022-C. Both of these subsequent transfers also did not meet the requirements for sale treatment. The asset backed notes are secured by ownership certificates in BHG Securitization Trust 2022-C, which owns a 100 ownership interest in BHG Grantor Trust 2022-C, which ultimately holds the respective loans. The asset backed notes are issued in five different tranches (i.e. Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, Class D Notes and Class E Notes), bearing interest at a fixed rate of 5.32 , 5.93 , 6.56 , 7.85 and 9.73 , respectfully. The Company paid a one-time non-refundable upfront underwriting fee of 3.6 million and certain other costs related to the issuance of the Notes. Effective September 29, 2022, BHG Securitization Funding sold the asset backed notes to Credit Suisse in exchange for 391.2 million, with the Company retaining 5 each of all classes of notes and the residual interest in the underlying loans. In total, 443.5 million in gross loans were pledged as collateral to the securitization as of September 30, 2022 and are included in loans pledged, net of allowance on the consolidated balance sheets. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 35 NOTE 7 SECURED BORROWINGS (Continued) Secured borrowings at September 30, 2022 and 2021 consist of the following (in thousands): 2022 2021 Loans transferred to investors, not meeting sale treatment 719,438 582,604 Borrowings under a term loan facility, maturing on October 18, 2023 6,512 9,824 Borrowings under revolving credit facilities 12,550 18,468 Borrowings under the credit facility from Credit Suisse, due May 2024 - - Borrowings under the credit facility with the Federal Reserve Bank for PPP loans 10,879 53,825 Borrowings under Bankers Healthcare Group Securitization Trust 2020-A, maturing on September 17, 2031 Class A Notes 36,928 68,889 Class B Notes 22,610 22,610 Class C Notes 23,770 23,770 Borrowings under BHG Securitization Trust 2021-A, maturing on November 17, 2033 Class A Notes 172,752 257,794 Class B Notes 43,130 43,130 Class C Notes 14,620 14,620 Borrowings under BHG Securitization Trust 2021-B, maturing on October 17, 2034 Class A Notes 148,195 241,000 Class B Notes 72,000 72,000 Class C Notes 50,600 50,600 Class D Notes 8,400 8,400 Borrowings under BHG Securitization Trust 2022-A, maturing on February 20, 2035 Class A Notes 222,309 - Class B Notes 99,000 - Class C Notes 74,000 - Class D Notes 8,750 - Class E Notes 21,750 - Borrowings under BHG Securitization Trust 2022-B, maturing on June 18, 2035 Class A Notes 93,350 - Class B Notes 73,468 - Class C Notes 52,090 - Class D Notes 28,303 - Borrowings under BHG Securitization Trust 2022-C, maturing on October 17, 2035 Class A Notes 165,134 - Class B Notes 95,270 - Class C Notes 84,683 - Class D Notes 15,878 - Class E Notes 30,267 - Total secured borrowings 2,406,636 1,467,534 Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs on the borrowings (18,639) (9,342) Secured borrowings, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 2,387,997 1,458,192 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 36 NOTE 7 SECURED BORROWINGS (Continued) Debt issuance costs have been presented as a direct reduction of the Company s secured borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized into the income statement. A total of 18.6 million and 9.3 million of debt issuance costs remain to be amortized as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of the debt issuance costs of 2.3 million and 1.2 million was charged to secured borrowings interest expense for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. NOTE 8 NOTES PAYABLE In March 2020, 3700 Lakeside entered into a mortgage agreement in connection with the purchase of the Miramar, Florida property and facilities. The mortgage was subsequently amended in March 2021 and September 2022. The mortgage bears interest at 30-day LIBOR plus 214 basis points (5.28 as of September 30, 2022) with monthly payments of principal and interest through March 2030. The mortgage is subject to an interest rate swap agreement (see Note 13). The mortgage note is collateralized by the Miramar, Florida property and facilities. Interest expense was 731,000 and 751,000 for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively and is included in interest expense. Also, in March 2020, in addition to the mortgage, 3700 Lakeside established a revolving line of credit with the same financial institution to finance additional construction on the facilities, in the amount of 10 million. This line of credit was cancelled effective September 30, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings on this line of credit as of September 30, 2021. These credit agreements contain covenants requiring the Company to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain other affirmative and negative covenants. The Company is in compliance with each of the covenants as of and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. In March 2021, Stratosphere Holdings entered into a term note payable agreement in connection with the purchase of an aircraft bearing interest at 2.57 with monthly payments of principal and interest through March 2026. The term note is collateralized by the aircraft. Interest expense was 233,000 and 130,000 for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in interest expense. In June 2021, the Company established a revolving line of credit with a financial institution in the amount of 350 million. The line of credit agreement was subsequently amended in December 2021 and June 2022 to increase the borrowing limit to 750 million. There was 595 million and 245 million outstanding as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This line of credit accrues interest at one-month SOFR plus 2.00 per annum (4.98 as of September 30, 2022) and will mature on June 30, 2025. This line of credit is collateralized by all assets of the Company. The credit agreement contains covenants requiring the Company to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain other affirmative and negative covenants. The Company is in compliance with each of the covenants as of and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. Interest expense was 10.7 million and 641,000 for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in interest expense. In September 2021, the Company established a revolving line of credit with a financial institution in the amount of 35 million. The revolving line of credit was subsequently converted into a term note payable in January 2022. The term note is subject to an interest rate swap agreement (see Note 13). There was 33.2 and 35 million outstanding as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This term note accrues interest at 30-day LIBOR plus 265 basis points (5.79 as of September 30, 2022) and will mature on December 31, 2031. This term note is collateralized by all assets of the Company. The credit agreement contains covenants requiring the Company to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain other affirmative and negative covenants. The Company is in compliance with each of the covenants as of and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. Interest expense was 1.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2022 and is included in interest expense. There was no interest expense for the year ended September 30, 2021. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 37 NOTE 8 NOTES PAYABLE (Continued) In December 2021, the Company established an unsecured revolving line of credit with a financial institution in the amount of 50 million. There was nothing outstanding as of September 30, 2022. This line of credit accrues interest at one-month SOFR plus 3.00 per annum (5.98 as of September 30, 2022) and will mature on December 17, 2024. The credit agreement contains covenants requiring the Company to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy certain other affirmative and negative covenants. The Company is in compliance with each of the covenants as of and for the year ended September 30, 2022. Interest expense was 174,000 for the year ended September 30, 2022, and is included in interest expense. Notes payable consists of the following at September 30 (in thousands): 2022 2021 Revolving lines of credit 595,000 245,000 Term notes payable 41,473 9,707 Mortgage payable 20,511 21,097 Total notes payable 656,984 278,804 Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs on the borrowings (284) (328) Notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 656,700 275,476 The scheduled maturities of notes payable outstanding at September 30, 2022 are as follows (in thousands): 2023 4,979 2024 5,164 2025 600,367 2026 7,948 2027 4,204 Thereafter 34,322 Total notes payable 656,984 NOTE 9 VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES The Company determined that BHG Funding is a VIE. The Company serves as the servicer of this entity, has the power to make significant decisions impacting the performance of the entity and holds a significant variable interest in the entity. The Company has also provided credit enhancement to the lenders of BHG Funding. Therefore, the Company consolidates this entity in the consolidated financial statements. The Company determined that RC1, RC2, and TL1 are VIEs. The Company is the servicer of these entities, has the power to make significant decisions impacting the performance of the entities and holds a significant variable interest in the entities. Therefore, the Company consolidates these entities in the consolidated financial statements. The Company determined that the ABS Entities are VIEs. The Company is the servicer of these entities, has the power to make significant decisions impacting the performance of the entities and holds a significant variable interest in the entities. In addition, the Company has the obligation to absorb losses and the rights to receive benefits from the ABS Entities, both of which could be potentially significant to the Company. These types of securitization structures are treated as secured financings, in which the receivables remain on the consolidated balance sheet, and the debt issued by the ABS entities is shown as secured borrowings on the consolidated balance sheets. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 38 NOTE 9 VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (Continued) All VIE assets are restricted from being sold or pledged as collateral. The cash flows from these assets are the only source used to pay down the associated liabilities, which are non-recourse to the Company. Recourse to the Company by holders of the asset-backed securities and by the trust, for failure of the obligors to make payments on a timely basis, is limited to the assets included in the securitization and the Company s retained interests in the securitization. The following table presents information on assets and liabilities related to VIEs consolidated by the Company as of September 30 (in thousands): September 30, 2022 BHG RC1, RC2 ABS Funding TL1 Entities Total Assets Cash and cash equivalents 2,771 2,152 63,619 68,542 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses - 19,295 - 19,295 Loans pledged, net of allowance for loan losses - - 1,716,947 1,716,947 Accrued interest receivable - 135 12,235 12,370 Intercompany receivables1 3,086 - - 3,086 Other assets 512 15 - 527 Total assets 6,369 21,597 1,792,801 1,820,767 Liabilities Secured borrowings , net of unamortized debt issuance costs - 19,059 1,638,621 1,657,680 Intercompany payables1 4,914 63 233,274 238,251 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 15 - 1,072 1,087 Total liabilities 4,929 19,122 1,872,967 1,897,018 September 30, 2021 BHG RC1, RC2 ABS Funding TL1 Entities Total Assets Cash and cash equivalents 4,440 2,152 25,428 32,020 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses - 29,280 - 29,280 Loans pledged, net of allowance for loan losses - - 810,678 810,678 Accrued interest receivable - 205 5,543 5,748 Intercompany receivables1 936 - - 936 Other assets 266 65 - 331 Total assets 5,642 31,702 841,649 878,993 Liabilities Secured borrowings , net of unamortized debt issuance costs - 28,253 793,511 821,764 Accounts payable 4 - - 4 Intercompany payables1 3,160 63 61,289 64,512 Accrued expenses and other liabilities - - 392 392 Total liabilities 3,164 28,316 855,192 886,672 1Intercompany receivables and payables are eliminated in consolidation. 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 39 NOTE 10 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS The Company has an agreement with a related party to conduct broker transactions and facilitate sales and marketing on behalf of the Company. The expense amounted to 8.3 million and 6.4 million for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and has been included in professional services on the consolidated statements of income. The Company leases three properties from related parties. One office building is leased from Crawford Castro Properties, LLC, another building is leased from Broward Business Center, LLC and a parking lot is leased from Broward Business Center II, LLC. All three related parties are owned by two members of the Company s Board of Directors. The expense amounted to 1.4 million for both the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. The Company provided marketing and sales activities for BHG MC Services, LLC MC Services ), a credit card origination company and Pinnacle Bank, which was the credit card issuer of BHG branded credit cards. MC Services originated credit cards for the Company s borrowers, established the reserve for loan losses, provided software, regulatory compliance, and other services for the credit card portfolio. The Company received the benefit of branding from having its name on credit cards issued and was able to market credit card holders for its loan products. MC Services is owned by two members of the Company s Board of Directors and two Company executives. In December 2021, the Company acquired a 50 profit share in a consumer and commercial credit card portfolio for 25 million from MC Services. As of September 30, 2022, the remaining 50 profit share in the portfolio was owned by Pinnacle Bank. The Company partners with Pinnacle Bank, one of the Company s stockholders, to facilitate loan originations as part of the Company s AF portfolio. The Company purchases loans funded by Pinnacle Bank, which are included in loans held for sale at time of purchase. The Company purchased 247.9 million and 169.4 million of commercial loans and 723.2 million and 467.4 million of consumer loans for the years ending September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company transfers loans to Pinnacle Bank that do not meet the requirements of sale treatment (see Note 7 for loans transferred to investors). Loans transferred to Pinnacle Bank that do not meet the requirements of sale treatment are 374.3 million and 270.6 million, as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in loans, net of allowance, on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company has cash on deposit at Pinnacle Bank of 352.2 million and 305.4 million as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which 14.2 million and 11.2 million was restricted. The Company engages Capital Collections Management, LLC CCM ), a nationally licensed collection agency, to collect on delinquent accounts. These accounts include all consumer borrowings, and any commercial borrowings that were originated by a third-party or are greater than 60 days past due. The fee paid is at, or below market rate and contingent on successful collection of payments from delinquent borrowers. The majority of CCM is owned by a member of the Company s Board of Directors. The expense amounted to 7.9 million and 5.4 million for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and has been included in portfolio expenses on the consolidated statements of income. The Company also reimburses CCM for legal expenses incurred relating to their collection efforts. The expense amounted to 5.3 million and 4.0 million for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and has been included in professional services on the consolidated statements of income. The Company paid two related parties for business travel and flight expenses. The entities are owned by members of the Company s Board of Directors. The expense amounted to 84,000 and 1.7 million for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively and has been included in other expenses on the consolidated statements of income. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 40 NOTE 11 FAIR VALUE The Company used the following method and significant assumptions to estimate fair value: Interest rate swap derivative: The fair value of the Company s interest rate swaps is obtained from a third-party pricing service and is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis of the derivatives. The pricing analysis is based on observable inputs for the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity and interest rate curves (Level 2 inputs). The Company's consolidated financial statements include assets and liabilities that are measured based on their estimated fair values. Refer to Note 1- Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for information on the fair value hierarchy, valuation methodologies, and key inputs used to measure financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, as well as methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value disclosures for financial instruments not recorded at fair value in their entirety on a recurring basis. The following tables present the carrying amount and estimated fair value of financial instruments included in the consolidated financial statements. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below (in thousands): Fair Value Measurements Using: Quoted Prices Significant in Active Other Significant Markets for Observable Unobservable Identical Assets Inputs Inputs (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Total September 30, 2022 Financial assets Interest rate swap derivative - 6,154 - 6,154 September 30, 2021 Financial liabilities Interest rate swap derivative - 118 - 118 There are no assets or liabilities measured on a non-recurring basis. Fair Value of Financial Instruments: The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments at September 30, 2022 and 2021, are as follows (in thousands): Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2022 Using: Carrying Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents 591,803 591,803 - - 591,803 Loans, net 2,769,950 - - 2,982,550 2,982,550 Loans held for sale 437,602 - - 557,767 557,767 Accounts receivable 30,492 30,492 - - 30,492 Financial liabilities: Secured borrowings 2,387,997 - 2,374,360 - 2,374,360 Notes payable 656,700 - 653,444 - 653,444 BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 41 NOTE 11 FAIR VALUE (Continued) Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2021 Using: Carrying Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents 466,619 466,619 - - 466,619 Loans, net 1,662,371 - - 1,746,796 1,746,796 Loans held for sale 164,719 - - 224,305 224,305 Accounts receivable 2,515 2,515 - - 2,515 Financial liabilities: Secured borrowings 1,458,192 - 1,448,520 - 1,448,520 Notes payable 275,476 - 274,903 - 274,903 The methods and assumptions, not previously presented, used to estimate fair values are described as follows: Cash and cash equivalents: The carrying amounts of cash and short-term instruments approximate fair values. Loans, net: Fair values of loans are estimated as follows: For variable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. Fair values for other loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality impaired loans are valued at the lower of cost or fair value as described previously. Loans held for sale: The fair value of loans held for sale is estimated based upon binding contracts and quotes from third party investors. These are considered Level 2 inputs. Accounts receivable: The fair values of accounts receivable approximates the carrying value as all receivables are short term in nature and deemed to be fully collectible. Secured borrowings: The fair values of the secured borrowings are estimated using either discounted cash flow analyses based on the contractual cash flows of the secured borrowing or current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements, depending on the type of secured borrowing agreement. Notes payable: The fair values of the Company s notes payable are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (Continued) 42 NOTE 12 POSTRETIREMENT PLANS 401(k) Plan: The Company sponsors a 401(k) benefit plan (the Plan ). The Plan allows employee contributions up to the annual IRS limit. Effective January 1, 2020, the Plan was amended to provide a matching contribution on behalf of each participant in an amount equal to 100 of the participant contribution, up to 6 of their compensation. Prior to January 1, 2020, the Company made a Safe Harbor contribution of 3 of employee compensation for all eligible employees, and electively made a profit- sharing contribution of varying amounts on an annual basis. Expenses for years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 were 4.5 million and 2.7 million, respectively, and have been included in salaries and employee benefits on the consolidated statements of income. Long-term Incentive LTI Plan: The Company adopted an LTI Plan effective January 2022. Through this plan, the Company may choose to provide equity-based incentives to selected employees, at the discretion of ownership. The awards may be in the form of Restricted Stock Units RSU or Stock Appreciation Rights SAR ). RSU are a right to receive cash and/or shares of Company stock (as determined by the Company) equal to the share value. SAR are a right to receive an amount of cash and/or Company stock (as determined by the Company) based upon the excess of the most recent share value preceding the date of exercise over the grant price. The fair value of the RSU s and SAR s was determined using the Black- Scholes model. Both RSU s and SAR s vest in equal annual installments over a three (3) year period beginning on the grant date, vesting is subject to continued employment through each applicable vesting date. RSU s totaling 12.2 million and SAR s totaling 4.1 million were outstanding as of September 30, 2022. Expenses for year ended September 30, 2022 were 3.5 million and have been included in salaries and employee benefits on the consolidated statement of income. NOTE 13 DERIVATIVES The Company utilizes interest rate swap agreements as part of its asset liability management strategy to help manage its interest rate risk position. The notional amount of the interest rate swaps does not represent amounts exchanged by the parties. The amount exchanged is determined by reference to the notional amount and the other terms of the individual interest rate swap agreements. Cash Flow Hedge: Interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling 53.7 million and 21.1 million as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, were designated as cash flow hedges of certain notes payable (as disclosed in Note 8) and were determined to be effective during the periods presented. The Company expects the hedges to remain effective during the remaining term of the swaps. The Company presents derivative position gross on the consolidated balance sheets. The following table reflects derivatives recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 2022 2021 Notional Fair Notional Fair Amount Value Amount Value Included in accounts receivable: Derivatives designated as hedges: Interest rate swaps related to notes payable 53,667 6,154 - - Included in accrued expenses and other liabilities: Derivative designated as a hedge: Interest rate swap related to note payable - - 21,097 (118) 

BANKERS HEALTHCARE GROUP, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 43 NOTE 13 DERIVATIVES (Continued) The amount of gain from the Company s cash flow hedge relationships recorded on the statement of comprehensive income during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 was as follows (in thousands): 2022 2021 Derivatives: Interest rate swaps related to notes payable 6,272 1,333 NOTE 14 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company established a revolving line of credit with a financial institution on November 1, 2022, in the amount of 250 million. This revolving line of credit will mature on November 1, 2025. The Company established a warehouse line of credit with a financial institution on November 2, 2022, in the amount of 300 million for the funding of certain receivables. This warehouse line of credit will mature on November 2, 2025. The Company established a term loan with a financial institution on November 8, 2022, in the amount up to 456 million for the funding of certain receivables. This term loan will mature on November 8, 2027. 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 pnfp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 pnfp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 pnfp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 pnfp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 pnfp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

