<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230113_10-K_edgar_data_1829966_0001683168-23-000186.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6578513</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>236272</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1193421</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1830313</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1430431</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1712247</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-000186.hdr.sgml : 20230113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230113163047
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-000186
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EBET, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001829966
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		IRS NUMBER:				853201309
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40334
		FILM NUMBER:		23529108

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3960 HOWARD HUGHES PARKWAY, SUITE 500
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-411-2726

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3960 HOWARD HUGHES PARKWAY, SUITE 500
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89169

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Esports Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	eSports Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201026

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-000186.txt : 20230113

10-K
 1
 ebet_i10k-093022.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C., 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSACTION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________________
to ___________________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, including
Area Code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
periods as the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting equity
held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold as of the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . In determining the market value of the voting
equity held by non-affiliates, securities of the registrant beneficially owned by directors, officers and 10 or greater shareholders
of the registrant have been excluded. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other
purposes. 

The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding
as of January 10, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of this registrant s definitive proxy statement for
its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal
year are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 19 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 21 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
 28 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 30 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 31 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 31 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 31 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 31 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 32 

Exhibit Index 
 
 32 

ITEM 16. 
 10-K Summary 
 34 

Signatures 
 
 35 

i 

References in this Form 10-K to we ,
 us , its , our or the Company are to EBET, Inc., as appropriate to the context. 

Cautionary Statement About
Forward-Looking Statements 

We make forward-looking statements under the Risk
Factors, Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and in other sections of this report. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, 
 might, should, would, could, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 intend, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue, 
and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies
and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about
future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ
materially from the results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In
particular, you should consider the numerous risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors . 

While we believe we have identified material risks,
these risks and uncertainties are not exhaustive. Other sections of this report may describe additional factors that could adversely impact
our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties
emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on
our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements. 

Although we believe the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements.
Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements.
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking
statements after the date of this report to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations, and we do not intend
to do so. 

Forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, statements about: 

our ability to successfully incorporate the acquired assets from Aspire Global; 

our ability to maintain compliance with our debt
 obligations (or obtain future waivers from such compliance) including but not limited to third party invoices as they become
 due; 

our ability to obtain additional funding to develop additional services and offerings; 

compliance with obligations under intellectual property licenses with third parties; 

market acceptance of our new offerings; 

competition from existing online offerings or new offerings that may emerge; 

our ability to establish or maintain collaborations, licensing or other arrangements; 

our ability and third parties abilities to protect intellectual property rights; 

our ability to adequately support future growth; and 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel to manage our business effectively. 

We caution you not to place undue reliance on the
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report in the case of forward-looking statements contained in this
report. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in
the forward-looking statements. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in the forward looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of the forward-looking statements. In addition, with
respect to all of our forward-looking statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements
contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 

Overview 

We operate platforms to provide
a real money online gambling experience focused on i-gaming including casino, sportsbook and esports events. The Company operates under
a Curacao gaming sublicense and under a strategic partnership with Aspire Global plc Aspire allowing EBET to provide online
betting services to various countries around the world. 

Acquisition of Aspire Global Plc s Aspire Business to Consumer B2C Business 

In order to accelerate the growth and expand market
access for our esports product offerings, on November 29, 2021, we acquired Aspire s B2C Business, for 65,000,000 payable
as follows: (i) a cash amount of 50,000,000; (ii) 10,000,000, payable in accordance with the terms of an unsecured subordinated
promissory note; and (iii) 186,838 shares of our common stock, which were valued at 5,000,000. 

The acquisition of Aspire s B2C business
provides the following strategic benefits: 

ownership of Aspire s portfolio of B2C proprietary online casino and sportsbook brands consisting of Karamba, Hopa, Griffon Casino, BetTarget, Dansk777, and GenerationVIP; 

market access for our esports products in key regulated markets including the United Kingdom, Germany, Ireland, Malta, and Denmark, among others, allowing us to cross-sell esports wagering opportunities in the future, to the extent the Company elects to proceed with development of esports products in the future, if ever; 

enhanced strategic partnership with Aspire who provides the online gaming platform and a managed services offering, including customer service, customer on-boarding and payment processing ensuring operational stability and continuity. 

Our gaming sub-license from the Curacao Gaming
Authority and the licenses made available to us from the acquisition of the Aspire B2C business allows us to accept wagers from residents
of more than 160 jurisdictions. 

1 

Focus on i-Gaming Operations 

During the quarter ending September 30, 2022, the
Company took significant measures to reduce expenses, halt further development of its esports products and platform, and increase the
profitability of its business in the short term. These actions include optimizing the efficiency of marketing campaigns, reducing the
total number of employees and contractors by approximately 45 positions, terminating software and other immaterial contracts as well as
generally reducing the operating costs of the business. While these efforts focus on the goal of attaining profitability of the Company s
business, it is likely to reduce overall revenue growth in the short to medium term. These efforts have also resulted in an increased
focus on the Company s i-gaming business and the halting of further investment in the Company s esports products and technologies.
As a result of the Company s actions as referenced above, it does not expect to launch its esports products in the foreseeable future. 

The Company recorded a restructuring charge of
approximately 1.0 million that included severance and other costs associated with termination of the employment contracts, consultant
contracts and any costs to terminate software licenses and other commitments. Of these costs, 388,000 are included in general and administrative
expenses, 521,000 are included in Product and technology expenses, and 130,000 are included in sales and marketing expenses. In connection
with the preparation of the financial statements for inclusion in this annual report, the Company completed an impairment review of its
property and equipment and intangible assets related to the Company s esports product and technologies and recognized an impairment
loss of 3.9 million. 

Market for i-Gaming Gambling 

Online gambling has been legalized by various countries
globally owing to employment opportunities and more tax revenue for local and state governments. According to H2 Gambling Capital, the
European online gambling market was valued at EUR 35.5 billion for 2021, and is forecasted to be EUR 38.2 billion for 2022, an 8 annual
increase. The European online gambling market is also expected to reach EUR 54.3 billion by 2027. According to GrandView Research the
global online gambling (i-gaming) market is expected to reach USD 153.6 billion by 2030, potentially registering a compound annual growth
rate CAGR of 11.7 from 2022 to 2030. The growing consumer adoption of betting apps and free to play models in online
gambling are among major factors expected to drive market growth in the coming years. The development can be ascribed to the legalization
of gambling in various European countries, including UK, Italy, Malta, France, Spain, and Germany. Other regions such as the US, Canada
and Asia are recording higher CAGR figures. 

Increased smartphone and internet
penetration and easy access to casino gaming platforms is positively influencing the market statistics. Moreover, the availability
of cost-effective betting applications is expected to favor the market growth over the forecast period. Online casino and sportsbook
operators emphasize developing information solutions that support and assist gamblers, safeguard the authenticity of
gambling activities, and prevent fraudulent activities. Online gambling sites offer a free-play version of their games,
creating growth potential for the business. 

The COVID-19 pandemic played a crucial role in expediting the online
gambling demand as people spent most of their time indoors and opted for online games for their leisure. Additionally, the availability
of secure options for digital payment is also stimulating the adoption of online gambling apps. The market growth may be further accelerated
by the increased adoption of digital currency, and other digital payment methods, and websites provided by betting and gambling companies. 

Our Products and Services 

We currently operate 7 online wagering brands, via websites and mobile
apps, where we accept deposits and funds from our customers and offer our customers the ability to use those funds to wager on slot and
table games, live casino games as well as virtual sport computer simulated games and sportsbetting. 

2 

Our Technology and Product Development 

In order to create the best real-money wagering
experience for our customers, we are developing a new front-end framework for our brands, which will be initially rolled out for Karamba
but then to all our brands. This new framework will: 

Provide our customers with a much improved user experience; 

Increase customer acquisition and conversion rates 

Optimize and increase customer retention metrics. 

Our Intellectual Property
and License Agreements 

Although not a primary focus at this time, we intend
to continue to develop our own intellectual property in the form of new esports predictive gaming models, predictive consolidated data
feeds, bet matching engines, and the platform and software services that allow distribution to both customers and business partners. 

In connection with our strategy, we have filed
patent applications for various intellectual property, converted some from provisional to utility patent filings as described below, and
we may or may not continue to prosecute these applications going forward: 

Live Streaming Wagering Technology - On
June 23, 2021, we filed a patent application for our technology that enhances the betting experience for sports and esports live streaming
events that integrates sports and esports wagering across many of the world s most popular live streaming platforms, including Twitch,
YouTube, Amazon TV Gaming, Facebook Gaming, and Hulu among others. 

Artificial Intelligence-Powered Real-Time Odds
Modeling Simulation System On August 19, 2021, we filed a patent application for our technology that uses artificial
intelligence to generate odds models for use in a betting algorithm for esports tournaments and various stages of a tournament to generate
odds instantly for any number of esports match. 

Electronic Sports Betting Exchange System 
 On November 2, 2021, we filed a patent application for our technology for a private betting exchange model that is configured to offer
operators and high-volume bettors greater liquidity and improved pricing in an esports betting environment where large bet sizes do not
impact market prices. 

Esports Wagering Modeling System and Method
in Multiplayer Games On November 9, 2021, we filed a new patent application for a system that uses a modified statistical
distribution for modeling possible outcomes in battle games involving multiple players and teams. The systems and methods described in
the Company s patent application detail the use of this statistical tool to represent the exact score distribution of kills in multiplayer
online battle events. 

We also license software from third parties which
we believe will give us competitive advantages and create valuable and new experiences in the future for customers during their wagering
experience. 

On September 1, 2020, our wholly owned subsidiary,
ESEG Limited, entered into three domain purchase agreements pursuant to which it acquired the following domain names: Esportsbook.com,
Browserbets.com, esportsgames.com, Esportstechnologies.com, Browserbet.com, Fantasyduel.com and Esportsgamers.com . 

We also own dozens of trademarks both in the United
States and internationally and our trademarks and related brands are central to our operations our online wagering brands. Some of our
key trademarks including Karamba, Hopa, Bettarget, Gogawi and derivations thereof. 

3 

Competition 

We operate in the global entertainment and gaming
industries and there is intense competition among online gaming and entertainment providers. A number of established,
well-financed companies producing online gaming products and services compete with our offerings, and other well-capitalized companies
may introduce competitive services. 

Human Capital Resources 

As a multinational technology company with approximately
37 employees and contractors located in 12 countries, our business success is driven by our highly skilled workforce. With our global
technology and product team, we are focused on delivering new, innovative and exciting products to our growing base of customers. 

We recognize that engaging and developing our employees
is a key to our success and we rely on attracting and retaining our talent to deliver on our mission. During the year we have implemented
a new human resources system to better understand employees satisfaction through quarterly performance assessments. These assessments
ensure we understand how we can better deliver on our investments in technology and meet our customers needs. 

We also offer our employees a competitive compensation
package with health and welfare benefits for our employees and family members. In addition, every employee is eligible for equity awards
to share in our financial success. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to various U.S. and foreign laws
and regulations that affect our ability to operate our product offerings. These product offerings are generally subject to extensive and
evolving regulations that could change based on political and social norms and that could be interpreted in ways that could negatively
impact our business. 

Our gaming sub-license from the Curacao Gaming
Authority and the licenses made available to us from the acquisition of the Aspire B2C business allows us to accept esports and sports
wagers from residents of more than 160 jurisdictions. Our focus is to invest and develop our business in Western Europe, Asia and Latin
America. We currently do not have the ability to accept wagers from customers based in the United States. 

The gaming industry is highly regulated and we
must maintain compliance with licenses and pay gaming taxes or a percentage of revenue where required by the jurisdictions in which we operate
in order to continue our operations. Our business is subject to compliance with extensive regulation under the laws, rules and regulations
of the jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws, rules and regulations generally concern the responsibility, financial stability,
integrity and character of the owners, managers and persons with material financial interests in the gaming operations. Violations of
laws or regulations in one jurisdiction could result in disciplinary action in that and other jurisdictions. 

Data Protection and Privacy 

Because we handle, collect, store, receive, transmit
and otherwise process certain personal information of our users and employees, we are also subject to federal, state and foreign laws
related to the privacy and protection of such data. 

With our operations in Europe, we face particular
privacy, data security and data protection risks in connection with requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European
Union (EU) 2016/679 (the GDPR and other data protection regulations. Any failure to comply with these rules may result
in regulatory fines or penalties including orders that require us to change the way we process data. In the event of a data breach, we
are also subject to breach notification laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the GDPR, and the risk of litigation
and regulatory enforcement actions. 

Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations,
interpretations of laws or regulations, or market practices, regarding the use of personal data, or regarding the manner in which we seek
to comply with applicable laws and regulations, could require us to make modifications to our products, services, policies, procedures,
notices, and business practices, including potentially material changes. Such changes could potentially have an adverse impact on our
business. 

4 

Curacao License 

The Curacao Ministry of Justice has only granted
four online gaming Master Licenses. Our license is a sublicense from one of the four master license holders, Gaming Services Provider
N.V. #365/JAZ. The Curacao Ministry of Justice allows an applicant for a sublicense from a Master License holder to operate under the
master license holder s license, so long as they meet certain operating and compliance criteria, including, without limitation,
providing quarterly and annual submissions and conducting know your customer procedures. These criteria must be met at the
stage of application as well as on an ongoing basis. As such, so long as we maintain the requisite criteria for holding the sublicense,
as a sublicensee we can enjoy the same privileges and rights that the Master License holder has, but without the ability to issue licenses. 

This single sublicense covers any kind of game
requiring skill or chance, including esports and sports betting. Additionally, it also allows the operator to carry out and offer services
related to i-gaming including aggregators, software providers, and platform operators. 

The entities that evaluate our ongoing compliance
are the Master License holder and the Curacao Gaming Control Board. There is no set standard, to date, to quantify sanctions. These are
reviewed on an individual basis. The framework to suspend a sublicense is based on the severity of the infraction, and include, not paying
licensing fees, not adhering to policies or resolving customer issues, and not keeping required know your customer procedures
up to date. Where direct violations of the sublicense agreement pertain to the compliance with the Master License, suspensions would be
enforced until the sublicense holder has submitted all needed information or documents as requested by the Master License holder or the
Curacao Gaming Board. In addition, any customer complaints that are not resolved could result in a suspension of our sublicense depending
on the severity of the issue. Finally, marketing or accepting players from prohibited countries could result in an immediate suspension
of our sublicense. In such case, we would need to show that IP geo blocking of the countries has been implemented and measures put in
place to ensure we are not accepting customers from said country moving forward. 

Responsible and Safer Gaming 

We view the safety and welfare of our users as
critical to our business and have made appropriate investments in our processes and systems. We are committed to industry-leading responsible
gaming practices and seek to provide our users with the resources and services they need to play responsibly. 

Corporate Structure 

EBET, Inc. was formed in Nevada in September of
2020 and currently has wholly-owned subsidiaries in Ireland, Malta, Gibraltar, Israel, Belize, Curacao and Cyprus. 

Available Information 

Our Internet address is ebet.gg . On this
website, we post the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ): our Annual Reports on Form 10-K; our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; our
Current Reports on Form 8-K; our proxy statements related to our annual stockholders meetings; and any amendments to those reports
or statements. All such filings are available on our website free of charge. The charters of our audit, nominating and governance and
compensation committees and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy are also available on our website and in print to any stockholder
who requests them. The content on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 

5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the material risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Form 10-K. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be
materially adversely affected. 

Risks Related to the Company s Business,
Operations and Industry 

Our completed acquisition of the Aspire
assets remains subject to integration risks. 

On November 29, 2021, we completed our acquisition
of Aspire s portfolio of B2C proprietary online casino and sportsbook brands, including Karamba, Hopa, Griffon Casino, BetTarget,
Dansk777, and GenerationVIP. 

Successful integration of Aspire s operations
and personnel into our existing business places an additional burden on management and other internal resources. The diversion of management s
attention and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could harm our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 

Furthermore, the overall integration of the businesses
may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, and loss of customers and other relationships.
The difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others, difficulties in conforming procedures, other policies,
business cultures and compensation structures, assimilating employees, keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers. Our failure
to meet the challenges involved in continuing to integrate the operations of these new assets or to otherwise realize any of the anticipated
benefits of the acquisition could adversely impair our business and operations. 

We are party to a Credit Agreement
which contains restrictive covenants, and if we are unable to comply with these covenants then upon notice of an event of default
and/or event of material adverse effect to lender, the lender could declare a default of the Credit Agreement wherein we would be
required to immediately repay the amounts due under the Credit Agreement. 

On November 29, 2021, we entered into a
Credit Agreement with CP BF Lending, LLC Lender to finance the acquisition of the Aspire assets that we purchased on
the same date, via a term loan in the maximum principal amount of 30.0 million with a maturity of 36 months. The Credit Agreement
imposes various restrictions and contains customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including, without limitation, certain
reporting obligations and certain limitations on restricted payments; and limitations on liens, encumbrances and indebtedness. In
addition, borrowings under the Credit Agreement are secured by a first priority lien on our assets. If we fail to comply with the
covenants or payments specified in the Credit Agreement, the Lender could declare an event of default, which would give it the right
to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. In
addition, since the borrowings under the Credit Agreement are secured by a first priority lien on our assets, upon such an event of
default, the Lender may foreclose on our assets. The amount of our outstanding indebtedness could have an adverse effect on our
operations and liquidity, including by, among other things: (i) making it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts as
they become due during adverse economic and industry conditions, because we may not have sufficient cash flows to make our scheduled
debt payments; (ii) causing us to use a larger portion of our cash flows to fund interest and principal payments, thereby reducing
the availability of cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other business activities; (iii) making it more difficult
for us to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities or other strategic transactions,
and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and (iv) limiting our ability to borrow additional monies in the future to
fund the activities and expenditures described above and for other general corporate purposes as and when needed, which could force
us to suspend, delay or curtail business prospects, strategies or operations. To date, the Company has entered into a series of a
total of twelve (12) waiver agreements with the Lender providing for the limited waivers of default as to specific financial and
other covenants. The waivers were provided under certain terms and conditions and sometimes included fees accrued to the principal
balance amount due Lender under the Credit Agreement, and required the Company to repay 3,000,000 in principal on January 10, 2023.
These waivers will expire on January 31, 2023. We do not expect to satisfy the financial covenants that are subject to the current
waiver prior to January 31, 2023 and are currently in discussions with the Lender on modifying the financial covenants which are the
subject of the waiver. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in making such modifications to the Credit
Agreement and as such, no assurance that the Company will not default certain covenants existing in the Credit Agreement. 

6 

Our recurring losses
from operations to raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue
as a going concern requires that we obtain sufficient funding to finance our operations in the near term. 

We have sustained losses from operations
since inception, which as of September 30, 2022, accumulated to 62,827,744, including an operating loss of 32,644,277 and
 13,449,325 for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We do not expect to be profitable in the foreseeable
future and have had recurring negative cash flows from operations. These net losses and negative cash flows have had, and will
continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. The continuation of the Company as a
going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain continued financial support from our stockholders, necessary equity or debt
financing to continue operations and the attainment of profitable operations. These factors, among others, raised substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern requires that we obtain sufficient
funding to finance our operations in the near term. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding, our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern.
If we are unable to continue as a going concern, we may have to liquidate our assets and may receive less than the value at which
those assets are carried on our audited financial statements, and it is likely that investors will lose all or a part of their
investment. If we seek additional financing to fund our business activities in the future and there remains substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern, investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding to
us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

Accordingly,
our auditor has concluded that substantial doubt exists regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Our audited financial statements
appearing at the end of this Annual Report have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and
satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to
the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from
the outcome of these uncertainties related to our ability to operate on a going concern basis. In its report on our financial statements
for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph
stating that our recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows since inception and our need to raise additional funding to
finance our operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The perception that we may not be able
to continue as a going concern may cause others to choose not to deal with us due to concerns about our ability to meet our contractual
obligations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the efforts
to mitigate its impact may have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition and price of
our securities. 

The pandemic involving the novel strain of coronavirus,
or COVID-19, and the measures taken to combat it, may have certain and adverse effects on our business. Public health authorities and
governments at local, national and international levels have implemented various measures to respond to this pandemic. Some measures that
directly or indirectly impact our business include: 

voluntary or mandatory quarantines; 

restrictions on travel; and 

limiting gatherings of people in public places. 

While we are primarily an online business, such
factors could nonetheless have a negative effect on our business and our ability to effectively and efficiently run our business. During
the COVID-19 pandemic, we have undertaken certain measures in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, including, having our employees
work remotely where possible, which may make maintaining our corporate operations, quality controls and internal controls difficult. Moreover,
the COVID-19 pandemic and mitigation efforts may also adversely affect our customers financial condition, which could result in
reduced spending and reduced use of our online gaming platform. 

7 

As events are rapidly changing, we do not know
how long the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures that have been introduced to respond to it will disrupt our operations or the full extent
of that disruption. We also cannot predict how long the effects of COVID-19 and the efforts to contain it will continue to impact
our business after the pandemic is under control. Governments could take additional restrictive measures to combat the pandemic that could
further impact our business or the economy in the geographies in which we operate. It is also possible that the impact of the pandemic
and response on our customers and markets will persist for some time after governments ease their restrictions. These measures may impact
our business and financial condition as the responses to control COVID-19 continue. 

We are an early development stage company with a limited operating
history and a history of losses. 

Although our predecessor has been in business since
2016, during our predecessor s existence substantially all of our efforts prior to the acquisition of the Aspire i-gaming assets
were focused on developing our technology and intellectual property and operating our first generation website. As a result, we have generated
limited revenues and have incurred an accumulated deficit of approximately 62.8 million as of September 30, 2022. There can be no assurance
that we will generate meaningful revenues leading to profitability. If we cannot achieve our business objectives including working with
our Lender in connection with amending certain financial covenants contained in the Credit Agreement, raising additional capital and reducing
our gaming platform services fees, investors in our shares will likely suffer a loss of their entire investment. 

We have a new business model, which makes it difficult for us
to forecast our financial results, creates uncertainty as to how investors will evaluate our prospects, and increases the risk that we
will not be successful. 

We have a new business model and are in the process
of developing new offerings, expanding our existing i-gaming offerings and related jurisdictions and developing other revenue sources
from the monetization of our business intelligence and otherwise. Accordingly, it will be difficult for us to forecast our future financial
results, and it is uncertain how our new business model will affect investors perceptions and expectations with respect to our
business and economic prospects. Additionally, our new business model may not be successful. Consequently, you should not rely upon any
past financial results as indicators of our future financial performance. 

Our current and future online offerings are part of new and evolving
industries, presenting significant uncertainty and business risks. 

The online gaming and interactive entertainment
industry is relatively new and continuing to evolve. Whether these industries grow and whether our online business will ultimately succeed,
will be affected by, among other things, developments in gaming platforms, legal and regulatory developments (such as the passage of new
laws or regulations or the extension of existing laws or regulations to online gaming activities), taxation of gaming activities, data
privacy laws and regulation and other factors that we are unable to predict and which are beyond our control. Given the dynamic evolution
of these industries, it can be difficult to plan strategically, and it is possible that competitors will be more successful than us at
adapting to the changing landscape and pursuing business opportunities. Additionally, as the online gaming industry advances, including
with respect to regulation, we may become subject to additional compliance-related costs. Consequently, we are unable to provide assurance
that our online and interactive offerings will grow at anticipated rates or be successful in the long term. 

8 

We have a limited operating history and we expect a number of
factors will cause our operating results to fluctuate on an annual basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance. 

We are an i-gaming gambling platform with a limited
operating history. Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if
we had a longer operating history. We anticipate that our operating results will significantly fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year
to year due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. In particular, you should consider that we cannot provide assurance
that we will be able to: 

successfully develop and introduce our updated website; 

maintain our management team; 

raise sufficient funds in the capital markets to effectuate our business plan; 

attract, enter into or maintain contracts with, and
 retain customers and vendors; and/or 

compete effectively in the extremely competitive environment in which we operate. 

These factors are our best estimates of possible
factors that will affect our future operating results, however, they should not be considered a complete recitation of possible factors
that could affect the Company. In addition, we do not know how the economic and societal impact of the ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic
may negatively affect our current and future operations and development. Accordingly, the results of any historical quarterly or annual
periods should not be relied upon as indications of future operating performance. 

We will require substantial additional funding in the short term,
which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and, if not so available, may require us to delay, limit, reduce or cease
our operations. 

To date, we have relied primarily on equity financing
to carry on our business. We have limited financial resources, no operating cash flow and no assurance that sufficient funding will be
available to us to fund our operating expenses and to further develop our business. We expect our current cash on hand will enable us
to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into but not beyond the next twelvemonths. Unless we achieve profitability,
we anticipate that we will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations while we implement and execute our business plan. We
currently do not have any contracts or commitments for additional financing. In addition, any additional equity financing may involve
substantial dilution to our existing shareholders. There can be no assurance that such additional capital will be available on a timely
basis or on terms that will be acceptable to us. Failure to obtain such additional financing could result in delay or indefinite postponement
of operations or the further development of our business with the possible loss of such properties or assets. If adequate funds are not
available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to fund our business or the expansion thereof, take advantage of
strategic acquisitions or investment opportunities or respond to competitive pressures. Such inability to obtain additional financing
when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition and prospects. 

We conduct our operations outside the United
States and that exposes us to foreign currency transaction and translation risks. As a result, changes in the valuation of the U.S. dollar
in relation to other currencies, primarily the Euro, could have positive or negative effects on our profit and financial position. 

Our global operations are likely to expose us to
foreign currency transaction and translation risks. Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar, and as a result, we will be subject to
foreign currency fluctuation as all of our revenues, and a significant majority of our operating expenses will not be denominated in the
U.S. dollar. We are not licensed in the United States, so we do not have revenues denominated in U.S. dollars. A decrease in the value
of non-U.S. dollar currencies, primarily the Euro, against the U.S. dollar could impact our ability to repay our U.S. dollar denominated
liabilities, including our term Debt. These risks related to exchange rate fluctuations may increase in future periods as our operations
outside of the United States expand. 

9 

We rely on information
technology and other systems and services provided by third parties, primarily by Aspire Global plc, and any failures, errors, defects
or disruptions in these systems or services could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business and
adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. The third-party platforms upon which these systems and software are made
available could contain undetected errors. 

Our technology infrastructure is critical to the
performance of our offerings and to user satisfaction. As part of the acquisition of Aspires B2C Business, we entered into an Operator
Services Agreement with Aspire for the following four years, which requires Aspire to provide key licensing and operational services in
each jurisdiction where Aspire is licensed and operational. However, the systems provided by Aspire, on which we rely, may not be adequately
designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. We
cannot assure you that the measures we take, in connection with Aspire, to prevent or hinder cyber-attacks and protect our systems, data
and user information and to prevent outages, data or information loss, fraud and to prevent or detect security breaches, including a disaster
recovery strategy for server and equipment failure and back-office systems and the use of third parties for certain cybersecurity services,
will provide absolute security. We have experienced, and we may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance
problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. Such disruptions
have not had a material impact on us; however, future disruptions from unauthorized access to, fraudulent manipulation of, or tampering
with our computer systems and technological infrastructure, or those of third parties, could result in a wide range of negative outcomes,
each of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Additionally, our products or products provided
by Aspire, may contain errors, bugs, flaws or corrupted data, and these defects may only become apparent after their launch. If a particular
product offering is unavailable when users attempt to access it or navigation through our offerings is slower than they expect, users
may be unable to place their bets or set their line-ups in time and may be less likely to return to our products and services as often,
if at all. Furthermore, programming errors, defects and data corruption could disrupt our operations, adversely affect the experience
of our users, harm our reputation, cause our users to stop utilizing our offerings, divert our resources and delay market acceptance of
our offerings, any of which could result in legal liability to us or harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 

We believe that if our users have a negative experience
with our offerings, or if our brand or reputation is negatively affected, users may be less inclined to continue or resume utilizing our
products or to recommend our offerings to other potential users. As such, a failure or significant interruption in our service could harm
our reputation, business and operating results. 

We rely on other third-party data providers for real-time and
accurate data for events, and we cannot guarantee that such third parties will perform adequately or will not terminate their relationships
with us. 

We currently rely on third-party data providers
to obtain accurate information regarding schedules, results, performance and outcomes of events. We rely on this data to determine when
and how bets are settled. If we experience errors or delays in receiving this data, it may result in us incorrectly settling bets. If
we cannot adequately resolve the issue with our users, our users may have a negative experience with our offerings, our brand or reputation
may be negatively affected, and our users may be less inclined to continue or resume utilizing our products or recommend our platform
to other potential users. 

Our success in the i- gaming market depends on our ability to
develop and manage frequent introductions of innovative products and operate within the guidelines of the content owners (publishers)
in order to attract and retain users. 

The i-gaming industries are characterized by dynamic
customer demand and technological advances. As a result, we must continually introduce and successfully market new technologies in order
to remain competitive and effectively stimulate customer demand. The process of developing new products and systems is inherently complex
and uncertain. It requires accurate anticipation of changing customer needs and end user preferences as well as emerging technological
trends. If our competitors develop new content and technologically innovative products, and we fail to keep pace, our business could be
adversely affected. Additionally, the introduction of products embodying new technology and the emergence of new industry standards can
render our existing offerings obsolete and unmarketable. To remain competitive, we must invest resources towards research and development
efforts to introduce new and innovative products with dynamic features to attract new customers and retain existing customers. If we fail
to accurately anticipate customer needs and end-user preferences through the development of new products and technologies, we could lose
business to our competitors, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

10 

We can provide no assurance that we will successfully
develop new products or enhance and improve our existing products, that new products and enhanced and improved existing products will
achieve market acceptance or that the introduction of new products or enhanced existing products by others will not render our products
obsolete. Dynamic customer demand and technological advances often demand high levels of research and development expenditures in order
to meet accelerated product introductions, and the life cycles of certain products may be short, which could adversely affect our operating
results. In some cases, our new products and solutions may require long development and testing periods and may not be introduced in a
timely manner or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. Our inability to develop solutions
that meet customer needs and compete successfully against competitors offerings could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Reductions in discretionary consumer spending could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The demand for entertainment and leisure activities
tends to be highly sensitive to changes in consumers disposable income, and thus can be affected by changes in the economy and
consumer tastes, both of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control. Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, including
recessions, economic slowdown, and sustained high levels of unemployment may reduce customers disposable income or result in fewer
individuals engaging in entertainment and leisure activities, including gambling. As a result, we cannot ensure that demand for our products
or services will remain constant. Continued or renewed adverse developments affecting economies throughout the world, including a general
tightening of availability of credit, decreased liquidity in many financial markets, increasing interest rates, increasing energy costs,
acts of war or terrorism, natural disasters, declining consumer confidence, sustained high levels of unemployment or significant declines
in stock markets, could lead to a further reduction in discretionary spending on leisure activities, such as gambling. Any significant
or prolonged decrease in consumer spending on entertainment or leisure activities could reduce our online games, reducing our cash flows
and revenues. If we experience a significant unexpected decrease in demand for our products, we could incur losses. 

Negative events or negative media coverage relating to, or a
declining popularity of, daily fantasy sports, sports betting, the underlying sports or athletes, or online sports betting in particular,
could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Public opinion can significantly influence our
business. Unfavorable publicity regarding us, for example, changes to our product, product quality, litigation, or regulatory activity,
or regarding the actions of third parties with whom we have relationships or the underlying sports could seriously harm our reputation.
Negative public perception could also lead to new restrictions on or to the prohibition of sports betting in jurisdictions in which we
currently operate. Such negative publicity could also adversely affect the size, demographics, engagement, and loyalty of our customer
base and result in decreased revenue or slower user growth rates, which could seriously harm our business. 

Public opinion can also exert a significant influence
over the regulation of the gaming industry. A negative shift in the public s perception of gaming could affect future legislation
in different jurisdictions. Among other things, such a shift could cause jurisdictions to abandon proposals to legalize gaming, thereby
limiting the number of new jurisdictions into which we could expand. Negative public perception could also lead to new restrictions on
or to the prohibition of gaming in jurisdictions in which we currently operate. 

We face competition from other companies and our operating results
will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

There is intense competition amongst gaming solution
providers. There are a number of established, well financed companies producing both land-based and online gaming and interactive entertainment
products and systems that compete with the products of the Company. As most of our competitors have financial resources that are greater
than us, they may spend more money and time on developing and testing products, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more
aggressive pricing policies or otherwise develop more commercially successful products than us, which could impact our ability to win
new marketing contracts. Furthermore, new competitors may enter our key market areas. If we are unable to obtain significant market presence
or if we lose market share to our competitors, our results of operations and future prospects would be materially adversely affected.
There are many companies with already established relationships with third parties, including gaming operators that are able to introduce
directly competitive products and have the potential and resources to quickly develop competitive technologies. Our success depends on
our ability to develop new products and enhance existing products. 

11 

We rely on third-party payment processors to process deposits
and withdrawals made by our users into the platform, and if we cannot manage our relationships with such third parties or other payment-related
risks occur (such as risks associated with the fraudulent use of credit or debit cards, which could have adverse effects on our business
due to chargebacks from customers), our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We allow funding and payments to accounts using
a variety of methods, including electronic funds transfer EFT ), and credit and debit cards. As we continue to introduce
new funding or payment options to our players, we may be subject to additional regulatory and compliance requirements. We also may be
subject to the risk of fraudulent use of credit or debit cards, or other funding and/or payment options. For certain funding or payment
options, including credit and debit cards, we may pay interchange and other fees which may increase over time and, therefore, raise operating
costs and reduce profitability. We rely on third parties to provide payment-processing services and it could disrupt our business if these
companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We have had difficulty accessing the service of banks, credit card
issuers and payment processing services providers in the past, which may make it difficult to sell and collect on the sales of our products
and services. We are also subject to rules and requirements governing EFT which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult
or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction
fees or possibly lose our ability to accept credit or debit cards, or other forms of payment from customers which could have a material
adverse impact on our business. 

Chargebacks occur when customers seek to void credit
card or other payment transactions. Cardholders are intended to be able to reverse card transactions only if there has been unauthorized
use of the card or the services contracted for have not been provided. In our industry, customers occasionally seek to reverse online
gaming losses through chargebacks, which have adverse effects on our business or results of operations. 

We rely on licenses to use the intellectual property rights of
third parties which are incorporated into our products and services, and our failure to renew or expand existing licenses may require
us to modify, limit or discontinue certain offerings. 

A significant portion of our revenues may be generated
from products using intellectual property we license from third parties. For example, we license intellectual property from third parties
for use in our gaming products. Our future success may depend upon our ability to obtain licenses to use new and existing intellectual
property and our ability to retain or expand existing licenses for certain products. If we are unable to obtain new licenses or renew
or expand existing licenses, our operating results would be negatively impacted if we were unsuccessful in licensing certain of those
rights and/or protecting those rights from infringement, including losses of proprietary information from breaches of our cyber security
efforts. 

We rely on information technology and other systems and platforms
(including with respect to validating the identity and location of our users), and any failures, errors, defects or disruptions in our
and third-party systems or platforms could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business, and adversely
affect our operating results and growth prospects. 

Our business depends upon the capacity, reliability
and security of the infrastructure owned by third parties over which our offerings are deployed. We have no control over the operation,
quality or maintenance of a significant portion of that infrastructure or whether or not those third parties will upgrade or improve their
equipment. If one or more of these companies is unable or unwilling to supply or expand our levels of service in the future, our operations
could be adversely impacted. Also, to the extent the number of users of networks utilizing our future products and services suddenly increases,
the technology platform and secure hosting services which will be required to accommodate a higher volume of traffic may result in slower
response times or service interruptions. System interruptions or increases in response time could result in a loss of potential or existing
users and, if sustained or repeated, could reduce the appeal of the networks to users. In addition, users depend on real-time communications;
outages caused by increased traffic could result in delays and system failures. These types of occurrences could cause users to perceive
that our products and services do not function properly and could therefore adversely affect our ability to attract and retain licensees,
strategic partners and customers. 

Information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to
attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. 

We receive, process, store and use personal information
and other customer data. There are numerous federal, state and local laws regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing,
disclosure and protection of personal information and other data. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies,
our privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security
that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other player data, may result in governmental
enforcement actions, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our customers to
lose trust in us which could have an adverse impact on our business. The costs of compliance with these types of laws may increase in
the future as a result of changes in interpretation or changes in law. Any failure on our part to comply with these types of laws may
subject us to significant liabilities. 

12 

Third parties we work with may violate applicable
laws or our policies, and such violations may also put our customers information at risk and could in turn have an adverse impact
on our business. We will also be subject to payment card association rules and obligations under each association s contracts with
payment card processors. Under these rules and obligations, if information is compromised, we could be liable to payment card issuers
for the associated expense and penalties. If we fail to follow payment card industry security standards, even if no customer information
is compromised, we could incur significant fines or experience a significant increase in payment card transaction costs. 

Security breaches, computer malware and computer
hacking attacks have become more prevalent. Any security breach caused by hacking which involves efforts to gain unauthorized access to
information or systems, or to cause intentional malfunctions or loss or corruption of data, software, hardware or other computer equipment,
and the inadvertent transmission of computer viruses could harm our business. Though it is difficult to determine what harm may directly
result from any specific interruption or breach, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of our network
infrastructure to the satisfaction of our players may harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing players and attract new players. 

Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target,
we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 

We are subject to risks related to holding cryptocurrencies and
accepting cryptocurrencies as a form of payment. 

We have in the past, and may in the future, accept
bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies from our customers as a form of deposit on our platform. 

Cryptocurrencies are not considered legal tender
or backed by any government and have experienced price volatility, technological glitches and various law enforcement and regulatory interventions.
The use of cryptocurrency such as bitcoin has been prohibited or effectively prohibited in some countries. If we fail to comply with any
such prohibitions that may be applicable to us, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions and potential fines and other consequences. 

Cryptocurrencies have in the past and may in the
future experience periods of extreme volatility. Fluctuations in the value of any cryptocurrencies that we hold may also lead to fluctuations
in the value of our common stock. In addition, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the future legal and regulatory requirements
relating to cryptocurrency or transactions utilizing cryptocurrency. For instance, governments may in the near future curtail or outlaw
the acquisition, use or redemption of cryptocurrencies. In such case, ownership of, holding or trading in cryptocurrencies may then be
considered illegal and subject to sanction. These uncertainties, as well as future accounting and tax developments, or other requirements
relating to cryptocurrency, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our business depends substantially on the continuing efforts
of our executive officers and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services. 

Our future success depends substantially on the
continued services of our executive officers including an interim Chief Financial Officer, and especially our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, Aaron Speach. We do not presently maintain key man life insurance on any of our executive officers and directors. If one or more
of our executive officers are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them readily,
if at all. The loss of any of our executive officers could cause our business to be disrupted, and we may incur additional and unforeseen
expenses to recruit and retain new officers. 

Risks Related to the Company s Legal and Regulatory Requirements 

Our current operations are dependent on our ability to comply
with our own gaming sub-license and market access rights secured with the Aspire acquisition, and if we do not retain these rights we
will not be able to operate. 

Our Curacao gaming license is a sublicense of a
master license a The Curacao Ministry of Justice has only granted four online gaming Master Licenses. Our license is a sublicense from
one of the four master license holders, Gaming Services Provider N.V. #365/JAZ. The Curacao Ministry of Justice allows an applicant for
a sublicense from a Master License holder to operate under the master license holder s license, so long as they meet certain operating
and compliance criteria. These criteria must be met at the stage of application as well as on an ongoing basis. As such, so long as we
maintain the requisite criteria for holding the sublicense, as a sublicensee we can enjoy the same privileges and rights that the Master
License holder has, but without the ability to issue licenses. 

The acquisition of the Aspire B2C business included
sublicenses to allow us to operate in several western European markets. We are required to comply with requirements of each of these licenses
to maintain market access. If we fail to comply with the various regulations, we may be unable to conduct any gaming business in that
jurisdiction and our business would be materially harmed. 

13 

All of our operations are conducted pursuant to
the foregoing sublicenses. If we are unable to maintain our gaming sub-license for any reason, we would be unable to conduct any gaming
business and our business would be materially harmed. 

In addition, under our gaming sub-licenses, we
can accept wagers from residents of a limited number of jurisdictions, primarily in parts of Asia and South America. In order to expand
our operations in the future, particularly into the United States and additional European countries, we will need to obtain gaming licenses
in such jurisdictions or partner with companies already operating in such jurisdictions. We can provide no assurance that we will be able
to maintain our current gaming license or obtain future gaming licenses. 

We cannot be certain that our platform will maintain regulatory
approval, and without regulatory approval we will not be able to market and grow our business around the world. 

Any license, permit, approval or finding of suitability
may be revoked, suspended or conditioned at any time. The loss of a license in one jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a license or
affect our eligibility for a license in another jurisdiction. We may be unable to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations, licenses,
permits or approvals, and could incur fines or experience delays related to the licensing process which could adversely affect our operations.
A gaming regulatory body may refuse to issue or renew a registration. 

We currently block direct access to wagering on
our website from the United States and other jurisdictions in which we do not have license to operate through IP address filtering. Individuals
are required to enter their age upon gaining access to our platform. Despite all such measures, it is conceivable that that a user, underage,
or otherwise could devise a way to evade our blocking measures and access our website from the United States or any other foreign jurisdiction
in which we are not currently permitted to operate. 

Violations of laws in one jurisdiction could result
in disciplinary action in other jurisdictions. Licenses, approvals or findings of suitability may be revoked, suspended or conditioned.
In sum, we may not be able to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits or approvals. The licensing process may
result in delays or adversely affect our operations and our ability to maintain key personnel, and our efforts to comply with any new
licensing regulations will increase our costs. 

We are subject to various laws relating to foreign corrupt practices,
the violation of which could adversely affect its operations, reputation, business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

We are subject to risks associated with doing business
outside of the United States, including exposure to complex foreign and U.S. regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the
 FCPA and other anti-corruption laws which generally prohibit U.S. companies and their intermediaries from making improper
payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Violations of the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws
may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions and other penalties. It may be difficult to oversee the conduct of any contractors,
third-party partners, representatives or agents who are not our employees, potentially exposing us to greater risk from their actions.
If our employees or agents fail to comply with applicable laws or company policies governing our international operations, we may face
legal proceedings and actions which could result in civil penalties, administration actions and criminal sanctions. Any determination
that we have violated any anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Violations of these laws and regulations could
result in significant fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees. Additionally, any such violations could materially
damage our reputation, brand, international expansion efforts, ability to attract and retain employees and our business, prospects, operating
results and financial condition. 

Historically, we have dealt with significant amounts
of cash in our operations, which have subjected us to various reporting and anti-money laundering regulations. Any violation of anti-money
laundering laws or regulations by us could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

14 

Our growth prospects depend on a variety of U.S. and foreign
laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing with respect to the legal status of real-money gaming in various jurisdictions,
regulatory restrictions and/or taxes which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 

If a large number of U.S. states or the federal
government enact online real money gaming legislation and we are unable to obtain the necessary licenses to operate online real money
gaming websites in the United States jurisdictions where such games are legalized, our future growth in real money gaming could be materially
impaired. 

States or the federal government may legalize online
real money gaming in a manner that is unfavorable to us. Several states and the federal government are considering draft laws that require
online casinos to also have a license to operate a brick-and mortar casino, either directly or indirectly through an affiliate. If state
jurisdictions enact legislation legalizing online real money casino gaming subject to this brick-and-mortar requirement, we may be unable
to offer online real money gaming in such jurisdictions if we are unable to establish an affiliation with a brick-and-mortar casino in
such jurisdiction on acceptable terms. 

In the online real money gaming industry, a significant
 first mover advantage exists. Our ability to compete effectively in respect of a particular style of online real money gaming
in the United States may be premised on introducing a style of gaming before our competitors. Failing to do so could materially impair
our ability to grow in the online real money gaming space. 

Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights
or the costs involved in such enforcement could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We may from time to time seek to enforce our intellectual
property rights against infringers when we determine that a successful outcome is probable and may lead to an increase in the value of
the intellectual property. If we choose to enforce our intellectual property rights against a party, then that individual or company has
the right to ask the court to rule that such rights are invalid or should not be enforced. These lawsuits and proceedings are expensive
and would consume time and resources and divert the attention of managerial and operational personnel even if we were successful in stopping
the infringement of such rights. In addition, there is a risk that the court will decide that such rights are not valid and that we do
not have the right to stop the other party from using the inventions. 

Further, our competitors have been granted patents
protecting various gaming products and solutions. If our products and solutions employ these processes, or other subject matter that is
claimed under our competitors patents, or if other companies obtain patents claiming subject matter that we use, those companies
may bring infringement actions against us. The question of whether a product infringes a patent involves complex legal and factual issues,
the determination of which is often uncertain. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be applications
now pending of which we are unaware, which might later result in issued patents that our products and solutions may infringe. There can
be no assurance that our products will not be determined to have infringed upon an existing third-party patent. If any of our products
and solutions infringes a valid patent, we may be required to discontinue offering certain products or systems, pay damages, purchase
a license to use the intellectual property in question from its owner, or redesign the product in question to avoid infringement. A license
may not be available or may require us to pay substantial royalties, which could in turn force us to attempt to redesign the infringing
product or to develop alternative technologies at a considerable expense. Additionally, we may not be successful in any attempt to redesign
the infringing product or to develop alternative technologies, which could force us to withdraw our products or services from the market. 

We may also infringe other intellectual property
rights belonging to third parties, such as trademarks, copyrights and confidential information. As with patent litigation, the infringement
of trademarks, copyrights and confidential information involve complex legal and factual issues and our products, branding or associated
marketing materials may be found to have infringed existing third-party rights. When any third-party infringement occurs, we may be required
to stop using the infringing intellectual property rights, pay damages and, if we wish to keep using the third-party intellectual property,
purchase a license or otherwise redesign the product, branding or associated marketing materials to avoid further infringement. Such a
license may not be available or may require us to pay substantial royalties. 

The success of our business depends on our continued
ability to use our tradenames in order to increase our brand awareness. As of the date hereof, we do not have any federally registered
trademarks owned by us, but we may pursue registered trademarks in the future. The unauthorized use or other misappropriation of any of
the foregoing trademarks or tradenames could diminish the value of our business which would have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operation. 

15 

If we are not able to adequately prevent disclosure of trade
secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be significantly diminished. 

We rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary
technologies. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants,
and other advisors to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure
of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information.
In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. Costly and time-consuming litigation could
be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could
adversely affect our competitive business position. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The conversion price of our preferred
stock is subject to adjustment based on the market price of our common stock, which may cause the number of shares issuable upon conversion
of the preferred stock to increase substantially and may require us to increase our authorized shares of common stock to satisfy such
conversions. 

On November 29, 2021, we issued 37,700 shares of
our Series A convertible preferred stock for a purchase price of 1,000.00 per share. The preferred stock is convertible into common stock
at an initial conversion price of 28.00 per share Preferred Conversion Price provided that on January 31, 2023 and on
April 15, 2023 (the Adjustment Dates ), the Preferred Conversion Price will be adjusted to the lesser of: (i) the Preferred
Conversion Price in effect on the relevant Adjustment Date, or (ii) 85 of the average closing price of the Company s common stock
for the fifteen trading days prior to the relevant Adjustment Date. As such, to the extent the closing price of our common stock as of
the Adjustment Dates is substantially lower than the current conversion price of 28.00 per share, the number of the shares that we may
be required to issue upon conversion of the preferred stock will be significantly higher than the current number of shares underlying
the preferred stock. As of January 10, 2023, there are 1,563,684 shares of common stock underlying the preferred stock at a conversion
price of 28.00 per share. If the closing price of our common stock on the Adjustment Dates was 0.557, which was the closing price of
our common stock on January 10, 2023 the number of shares of common stock underlying our preferred stock would be 78,605,314 shares. 

We have 100 million shares of common stock authorized
pursuant to our articles of incorporation, of which 70,189,216 shares are available for issuance as of the date hereof. To the extent
the number of shares underlying our preferred stock exceeds our available authorized shares, we will be required to increase our authorized
shares of common stock, which will require a vote of our shareholders. 

Future sales of
shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. 

If our existing stockholders, who acquired their
shares of common stock at prices substantially below our current trading price, sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts
of our common stock in the public market after the contractual lock-up agreements described below expire and other restrictions on resale
lapse, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely impacted. 

Certain of our pre-IPO stockholders holding an
aggregate of 3,033,770 shares, have agreed not to offer, sell, dispose of or hedge such shares of our common stock, subject to specified
limited exceptions, during the period continuing through June 15, 2023, provided that if the common stock price is over 12.00 per share,
then the shareholder can sell shares subject to a maximum sale on any trading day of 2 of the daily volume; and if the common stock price
is over 20.00 per share, then the shareholder can sell shares subject to a maximum sale on any trading day of 6 of the daily volume.
Upon the expiration of the lock-up agreements, all such shares will be eligible for resale in the public market, subject to applicable
securities laws, including the Securities Act. Upon expiration of this lock-up period, the trading price of our common stock could be
adversely impacted if these stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public
market. 

16 

Nevada law and provisions in our articles of incorporation and
bylaws could make a takeover proposal more difficult. 

We are a Nevada corporation and the anti-takeover
provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business
combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change
in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our articles of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay
or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws: 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 

place restrictive requirements (including advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals) on how special meetings of stockholders may be called by our stockholders; do not provide stockholders with the ability to cumulate their votes; and 

provide that our board of directors may amend our bylaws. 

Additionally, our authorized capital includes preferred
stock issuable in one or more series. Our board has the authority to issue preferred stock and determine the price, designation, rights,
preferences, privileges, restrictions and conditions, including voting and dividend rights, of those shares without any further vote or
action by stockholders. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of
holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of additional preferred stock, while providing desirable
flexibility in connection with possible financings and acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could make it more difficult for a third
party to acquire a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting securities, which could deprive our holders of common stock
of a premium that they might otherwise realize in connection with a proposed acquisition of our company. 

Our management team has limited experience managing a public
company and regulatory compliance may divert our attention from the day-to-day management of its business. 

Our management team has limited experience
managing a publicly traded company and limited experience complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public
companies. These obligations typically require substantial attention from our senior management and could divert our attention away
from the day-to-day management of our business. 

Our interim chief financial officer is working for us on a part-time
basis. 

Our interim chief financial officer is currently
part-time and is also providing consulting services related to financial reporting to other public and private entities. While we intend
to hire a full-time chief financial officer in the near term, our present inability to employ our chief financial officer on a full-time
basis could cause us to experience delays in the processing and preparation of our financial information which is necessary for the timely
filing our financial reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Our current shareholders ownership may be diluted if additional
capital stock is issued to raise capital, to finance acquisitions or in connection with strategic transactions. 

We have in the past and intend in the future to
seek to raise additional funds, finance acquisitions or develop strategic relationships by issuing equity or convertible debt securities,
which would reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders. Our board of directors has the authority, without action or
vote of the stockholders, to issue all or any part of our authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock. Our articles of
incorporation authorize us to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Future issuances
of common or preferred stock would reduce your influence over matters on which stockholders vote and would be dilutive to earnings per
share. In addition, any newly issued preferred stock could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the common stock.
Those rights, preferences and privileges could include, among other things, the establishment of dividends that must be paid prior to
declaring or paying dividends or other distributions to holders of our common stock or providing for preferential liquidation rights.
These rights, preferences and privileges could negatively affect the rights of holders of our common stock, and the right to convert such
preferred stock into shares of our common stock at a rate or price that would have a dilutive effect on the outstanding shares of our
common stock. 

17 

As an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act, or JOBS Act, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. 

As an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. We are an emerging growth company
until the earliest of: 

the last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more; 

the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of this offering; 

the date on which we have, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt; or 

the date on which we are deemed a large accelerated issuer as defined under the federal securities laws. 

For so long as we remain an emerging growth company,
we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholders advisory votes pursuant to the say on frequency and say on pay provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation of certain executive officers) and the say on golden parachute provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and certain other business combinations) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010; 

include detailed compensation discussion and analysis in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and instead may provide a reduced level of disclosure concerning executive compensation; 

may present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, or MD and 

are eligible to claim longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. 

We intend to take advantage of all of these reduced
reporting requirements and exemptions. 

Certain of these reduced reporting requirements
and exemptions were already available to us due to the fact that we also qualify as a smaller reporting company under SEC
rules. For instance, smaller reporting companies are not required to obtain an auditor attestation and report regarding management s
assessment of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to provide a compensation discussion and analysis; are not required
to provide a pay-for-performance graph or CEO pay ratio disclosure; and may present only two years of audited financial statements and
related MD A disclosure. 

We cannot predict if investors will find our securities
less attractive due to our reliance on these exemptions. 

18 

Failure to maintain effective internal control over our financial
reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could cause our financial reports to be inaccurate. 

We are required pursuant to Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to assess and report on the effectiveness
of those controls. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control
over financial reporting. Our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting were, and continue to be ineffective
as of September 30, 2022 due to a lack of segregation of duties (resulting from the limited number of personnel available) and the lack
of formal documentation of our control environment. While management is working to remediate the material weaknesses, there is no assurance
that such changes, when economically feasible and sustainable, will remediate the identified material weaknesses or that the controls
will prevent or detect future material weaknesses. If we are not able to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting,
our financial statements, including related disclosures, may be inaccurate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Failure to continue improving our accounting systems and controls
could impair our ability to comply with the financial reporting and internal controls requirements for publicly traded companies. 

As a public company, we operate in an increasingly
demanding regulatory environment, which requires us to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the related rules and regulations
of the SEC. Company responsibilities required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act include establishing corporate oversight and adequate internal
control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable
financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. For as long as we remain an emerging growth company 
as defined in the JOBS Act, we have and intend to consider taking advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may continue to take
advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and results of operations could be harmed, and investors could lose confidence in our
reported financial information. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or
reports about us, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock, then our stock price and trading volume
could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will be
influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our industry and our market. If no analyst
elects to cover us and publish research or reports about us, the market for our common stock could be severely limited and our stock price
could be adversely affected. As a small-cap company, we are more likely than our larger competitors to lack coverage from securities analysts.
In addition, even if we receive analyst coverage, if one or more analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to regularly publish reports
on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. If one
or more analysts who elect to cover us issue negative reports or adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock, our
stock price could decline. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 

Our corporate and executive offices are in located
in a leased facility in Las Vegas, Nevada. Our European headquarters is located in a leased facility in Malta. We also had a leased facility
in Dublin, Ireland through October 2022. We believe our facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable space will
be available as and when needed. We do not own any real property. 

19 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 

The Company s previous financial advisor,
Boustead Securities LLC Advisor has alleged a breach by the Company over the termination of their engagement and the timing
of the payment and amount of the fees owed to the Advisor (collectively the Claims ). The fees the Company expects to pay
are accrued in the accompanying balance sheet. On June 2, 2022, the Advisor named EBET in an arbitration proceeding with Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority FINRA in connection with the Claims. The statement of claim alleges damages of 5.7 million and seeks
a declaration that the Company be required to utilize the Advisor for a certain follow-on offering pursuant to an alleged right of first
refusal between the parties. On August 4, 2022, EBET, Inc. counterclaimed against Boustead Securities, LLC for tortious interference with
prospective economic advantage and demanded damages and attorneys fees in an amount to be determined. The case is ongoing, with
a hearing before a 3-arbitrator panel currently scheduled for July 2023. Arbitration is inherently unpredictable. However, the Company
believes that it has meritorious defenses to a portion of the alleged fee claim asserted and to the claim that the Company has any obligations
pursuant to a right of first refusal between the parties. Nevertheless, cash flows or results of operations could be materially affected
in any particular period by the resolution of this matter. 

On September 15, 2022, the Company filed a Complaint
in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against its former CTO Jason Finch for: (1) Breach of Contract; (2) Violation
of Nevada Revised Statutes section 205.511; (3) Conversion; and (4) Misappropriation of Trade Secrets. In the subject matter, we
seek injunctive relief and demand damages and attorneys fees in an amount to be determined. In reply to our Complaint, Mr.
Finch filed a Motion to Dismiss the matter and such motion is currently pending decision before the court. 

Other than as described above, we are not at this
time involved in any additional legal proceedings that we believe could have a material effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock has been listed on the NASDAQ
Capital Market under the symbol EBET since April 15, 2021. 

Holders of Common Equity 

As of January
10, 202 3, we had approximately 69 stockholders of record of our common stock. This
does not include beneficial owners of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not
expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion
of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained
in any financing instruments, provisions of applicable law and other factors the board deems relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There have been no sales of unregistered securities
during the quarter ended September 30, 2022, that have not been previously disclosed on a Form 8-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We did not repurchase any of our equity securities
during the year ended September 30, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

See Part III, Item 12 to this Form 10-K for information
relating to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes appearing
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations that involve risks
and uncertainties, including those set forth under Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements. Actual results
and experience could differ materially from the anticipated results and other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements
as a result of a number of factors, including but not limited to those discussed in this Item and in Item 1A - Risk Factors. 
Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements as a result of
many factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

21 

Overview 

We operate platforms to provide
a real money online gambling experience focused on i-gaming including casino, sportsbook and esports events. We operate under a Curacao
gaming sublicense and under an operator services agreement with Aspire Global plc Aspire allowing us to provide online
betting services to various countries around the world. 

Acquisition of Aspire Global Plc s Aspire Business to Consumer B2C Business 

In order to accelerate the growth and expand market
access for our esports product offerings, on November 29, 2021, we acquired Aspire s B2C Business, for 65,000,000 payable
as follows: (i) a cash amount of 50,000,000; (ii) 10,000,000, payable in accordance with the terms of an unsecured subordinated
promissory note; and (iii) 186,838 shares of our common stock, which were valued at 5,000,000. 

The acquisition of Aspire s B2C business
provides the following strategic benefits: 

ownership of Aspire s portfolio of B2C proprietary online casino and sportsbook brands consisting of Karamba, Hopa, Griffon Casino, BetTarget, Dansk777, and GenerationVIP; 

market access for our esports products in key regulated markets including the United Kingdom, Germany, Ireland, Malta, and Denmark, among others, allowing us to cross-sell esports wagering opportunities; 

enhanced strategic partnership with Aspire who provides the on-line gaming platform and a managed services offering, including customer service, customer on-boarding and payment processing ensuring operational stability and continuity. 

Our gaming sub-license from the Curacao Gaming
Authority and the licenses made available to us from the acquisition of the Aspire B2C business allows us to accept esports and sports
wagers from residents of more than 160 jurisdictions. 

Focus on I-Gaming Operations 

During the quarter ending September 30, 2022, we
took significant measures to increase the profitability of our business in the short term. These actions include optimizing the efficiency
of marketing campaigns, reducing the total number of employees and contractors by approximately 45 positions, terminating software and
other immaterial contracts as well as generally reducing the operating costs of the business. While these efforts focus on the goal of
attaining profitability of our business, it is likely to reduce overall revenue growth in the short to medium term. In addition, even after these efforts, we are not currently generating
sufficient cash from our operations to settle our debts as they fall due and continue to require near term financing to fund our operations
and continue our business. These efforts have
also resulted in an increased focus on our i-gaming business and the halting of investment in the Company s esports products and
technologies. As a result of these actions as referenced above, we do not expect to launch our esports products in the foreseeable future. 

We recorded a restructuring charge of approximately
 1.0 million that included severance and other costs associated with termination of the employment contracts, consultant contracts and
any costs to terminate software licenses and other commitments. Of these costs, 388,000 are included in general and administrative expenses,
 521,000 are included in Product and technology expenses, and 130,000 are included in sales and marketing expenses. In connection with
the preparation of our financial statements for inclusion in this annual report, we completed an impairment review of our property and
equipment and intangible assets related to our esports product and technologies and recognized an impairment loss of 3.9 million. 

22 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended September 30, 2022, compared
to the Year Ended September 30, 2021 

Results of Operations 

Results of operations in dollars
and as a percentage of net revenue were as follows: 

Years Ended September 30, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 
 58,596,620 
 100 
 164,807 
 100 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (36,014,055 
 -61 
 (37,744 
 -23 

Gross profit 
 22,582,565 
 39 
 127,063 
 77 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing expenses 
 27,500,618 
 47 
 3,221,218 
 1,955 
 
 Product and technology expenses 
 3,993,846 
 7 
 3,103,611 
 1,883 
 
 Acquisition costs 
 2,240,147 
 4 
 147,616 
 90 
 
 Impairment loss 
 3,851,503 
 7 
 
 0 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 17,640,728 
 30 
 7,103,943 
 4,310 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 55,226,842 
 94 
 13,576,388 
 8,238 

Income (loss) from operations 
 (32,644,277 
 -56 
 (13,449,325 
 -8,161 

Other expenses: 

Interest expense 
 (9,894,531 
 -17 
 (1,704,395 
 -1,034 
 
 Gain on derivative instruments 
 1,239,510 
 2 
 
 0 
 
 Foreign currency loss and other 
 (128,311 
 0 
 (46,304 
 -28 
 
 Total other expense 
 (8,783,332 
 -15 
 (1,750,699 
 -1,062 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 
 (41,427,609 
 -71 
 (15,200,024 
 -9,223 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 
 0 
 
 0 

Net loss 
 (41,427,609 
 -71 
 (15,200,024 
 -9,223 

Revenue 

For the year ended September 30, 2022, we generated
 58,596,620 in revenue compared to 164,807 in revenue during the year ended September 30, 2021. The increase in revenue in the year ended
September 30, 2022, when compared with the same period in the prior year, was driven by the acquisition of the Aspire B2C business in
November 2021 which continues to generate significant revenue in the UK, Germany, Denmark, Ireland, Austria and other regulated markets,
and accounted for substantially all of the increase in revenue for the year ended September 30, 2022, as compared to the year ended September
30, 2021. As a result of the Company s restructuring of the business to improve its immediate profitability, certain inefficient
sales and marketing efforts will be curtailed, which may adversely impact revenue growth in the short to medium term. 

Cost of Revenue 

During the year ended
September 30, 2022, cost of sales was 36,014,055 as compared with 37,744 in the same period in the prior year. The increase
in cost of sales is due entirely to the acquisition of the Aspire B2C business in November 2021 and is consistent with the increase in
revenue and consists of third-party costs associated with the betting software platform and gaming taxes. 

23 

Sales and Marketing Expense 

Sales and marketing expense was 27,500,618 for
the year ended September 30, 2022 compared to 3,221,218 for the year ended September 30, 2021, an increase of 24,279,400. The increase
in sales and marketing expense is driven by increase in revenue from the acquisition of the Aspire B2C business, increase in stock-based
compensation and increased levels of staff. Sales and marketing expenses also included 2,819,973 and 1,170,115 of stock-based compensation
costs to employees and consultants for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, payroll costs of 2,453,387 and 378,352,
respectively, and external consultants of 1,128,213 and 1,654,100 for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and
the initial roll out of our marketing campaigns focused primarily on our free to play game in the previous year. We
expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in future periods as our marketing campaigns increase in both number and volume. 

Product and Technology Expense 

Product and technology expense was 3,993,846 for
the year ended September 30, 2022 compared to 3,103,611 for the year ended September 30, 2021, an increase of 890,235. The increase
is due to increased spending related to development of the esports operations that were abandoned in the fourth quarter of the current
period. Product and technology expenses for the year ended September 30, 2022, included payroll-related costs of 2,199,267, stock-based
compensation of 767,004 and other development costs of 1,027,575 consisting primarily of consulting and other development costs. Product
and technology expenses for the year ended September 30, 2021, included payroll-related costs of 1,604,651, stock-based compensation
of 625,443 and other development costs of 873,517 consisting primarily of consulting and other development costs. 

Acquisition Costs 

Acquisition costs were
 2,240,147 for the year ended September 30, 2022, as compared to 147,616 for the year ended September 30, 2021. Acquisition costs included
a non-cash hedging loss of 1,570,000 from executing a forward contract on the purchase price of the acquisition of the Aspire B2C business
to hedge exposure to fluctuations in the Euro. Acquisition costs also included various legal and consultant fees associated with completing
the acquisition. 

Impairment loss 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, we recognized
an impairment loss of 3,851,503, comprised of impairment of property and equipment of 569,260 and impairment of intangible assets of
 3,282,243. The impairments relate to the write down of our esports assets as of September 30, 2022. 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and administrative expense was 17,640,728
for the year ended September 30, 2022, as compared to 7,103,943 for the same period in the prior year. General and administrative expense
for the year ended September 30, 2022 included payroll-related costs of 3,078,089, 1,860,395 of stock-based compensation cost, and professional
fees including legal, accounting, investor relations and other professional fees, depreciation and amortization of intangible assets.
General and administrative expense for the year ended September 30, 2021 included payroll-related costs of 1,696,435, 2,392,753 of stock-based
compensation cost (of which 1,486,725 was to outside consultants), and professional fees of approximately 1,858,297. The increase in
payroll costs over the prior period is due to the expansion of support staff associated with the growth from the Aspire B2C business acquisition. 

Interest and Other Expenses 

During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021,
we recognized interest expense of 9,894,531 and 1,704,395, respectively, which included amortization of debt discounts and deferred
finance costs of 4,778,405 and 1,508,482 related to the Senior Notes issued to acquire the Aspire business, and convertible debt issued
to acquire certain intangible assets in the previous year. During the year ended September 30, 2022 we recognized a gain on derivative
instruments related to foreign exchange rate swaps of 1,239,510. We also incurred a foreign currency loss of 128,311 and 46,304 during
the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

24 

Net Income/Loss 

Net loss for the year ended September 30, 2022,
was 41,427,609 compared to a net loss of 15,200,024 for the same period in the prior year. The increase in net loss was primarily due
to the significant increase in general and administrative expenses of 10,536,785, an increase in product and technology expenses of 890,235
and an increase in our sales and marketing costs of 24,279,400 as we expand our business and develop new products and services, plus
acquisition costs of 2,240,147 and an impairment loss of 3,851,503 as described above. The increase in interest expense of 8,190,136
also contributed to the increase in net loss. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On September 30, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents
of 5,486,210, and had a working capital deficit of 25,837,758. We have historically funded our operations from proceeds from debt and
equity sales, and funds received from customers. Our forecasts for fiscal year 2023 indicate that we will need near term additional funding
in order to have sufficient financial resources to satisfy our outstanding debts and to continue to settle our debts as they fall due.
We do not have any commitments for such funding and there is no assurance that we will be able to raise additional financing on favorable
terms, if at all. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability
to obtain equity or debt financings to continue operations. We have a history of and expect to continue to report negative cash flows
from operations and a net loss. Our forecasts for 2023 and beyond indicate that we will need additional funding in order to have
sufficient financial resources to continue to settle our debts as they fall due. We have taken significant measures to increase the profitability
of our business in the short term, but we are not currently generating sufficient cash from our operations to settle our debts as they
fall due and continue to require near term financing. These actions include optimizing the efficiency of marketing campaigns, reducing
the total number of employees and contractors, terminating software and other immaterial contracts as well as generally reducing the operating
costs of the business. These efforts have also resulted in an increased focus on our i-gaming business and a significant reduction in
the investment of our esports products and technologies, which resulted in the recognition of an impairment loss on certain intangible
assets and fixed assets. As a result of our actions as referenced above, we do not expect to launch our esports products in the short
or medium term. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements
do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that
might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. We may seek additional funding through a combination of equity
offerings, debt financings, government or other third-party funding, commercialization, marketing and distribution arrangements, other
collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements and delay planned cash outlays or a combination thereof. Management cannot
be certain that such events or a combination thereof can be achieved. 

Acquisition of Aspire Global Business to Consumer B2C Business 

In order to
accelerate the growth, on November 29, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Aspire Global s B2C business for 65,000,000
payable as follows: (i) a cash amount of 50,000,000; (ii) 10,000,000, payable in accordance with the terms of an
unsecured subordinated promissory note; and (iii) 186,838 shares of our common stock, which were valued at 5,000,000. 

On September 30, 2021,
we entered into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain investors (the Investors ).
Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and we agreed to issue and sell to such Investors,
simultaneous with the closing of the Acquisition Agreement, shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock for a purchase price of 1,000.00 per share (the Private Placement ). For each share of Preferred Stock issued, we issued
the Investor a warrant to purchase 150 of the shares of common stock underlying the Preferred Stock (the Warrants ). The
aggregate Private Placement, which was completed on the closing date of the Acquisition Agreement was 37.7 million. 

On November 29, 2021, we entered a credit agreement
(the Credit Agreement with CP BF Lending, LLC Lender ), pursuant to which the Lender agreed to make a single
loan to us of 30.0 million (the Senior Note ). The Senior
Note bears interest on the unpaid principal amount at a rate per annum equal to 15.0 as follows: (1) cash interest on the unpaid
principal amount of the Senior Note at a rate equal to 14.0 per annum, plus (2) payable-in-kind
interest PIK Interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Senior Note at
a rate equal to 1.0 per annum. We paid to Lender on the closing date a non-refundable origination fee in an amount equal to 750,000.
To date, we have entered into multiple waiver agreements with the Lender to maintain compliance with certain financial and other covenants
pursuant to the Credit Agreement. On January 10, 2023, the Company repaid 3,000,000 on the Senior Notes
pursuant to the most receive waiver agreement with the Lender, which in turn reduced the minimum cash balance requirement under the Senior
Notes to 1,500,000. These waivers will expire on January 31, 2023. We do not expect to satisfy the financial covenants prior
to January 31, 2023 and are currently in discussions with the Lender on modifying the financial covenants. There is no assurance that
we will be successful in making such modifications to the Credit Agreement. 

25 

On June 16, 2022, we issued,
in a private placement priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules: (i) 977,657 shares of common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase
up to an aggregate of 977,657 shares of common stock. The combined purchase price of one share of common stock and accompanying warrant
is 3.58. The gross proceeds to us from the private placement were approximately 3.5 million, before deducting fees and other offering
expenses, and excluding the proceeds, if any, from the exercise of the warrants. 

As of March 31, 2022,
we had not maintained compliance with the covenants of the Senior Notes and obtained a waiver from the Lender which waiver was contingent
on the completion an equity raise of at least 3.5 million, which was completed in June 2022. In consideration for obtaining a waiver
from the compliance with certain covenants, we agreed to amend the Senior Notes such that 5 million of principal loan balance becomes
convertible at 3.58 per share commencing after we raised the 5,000,000 of common equity (including the foregoing 3.5 million). 

During fiscal year September
30, 2021, we completed two private placements totaling 2,250,000 shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of 4.75 million. 

In April 2021, we completed our IPO and issued
2,400,000 shares of common stock for gross cash proceeds of 14,400,000. We paid underwriting fees and other expenses of 885,800 and
issued 168,000 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a price of 7.20 per share for a period of five years. 

As of September 30, 2022,
we have incurred an accumulated deficit of 62,827,744 since inception and have not yet generated any meaningful income from operations. 

Cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 11,394,834
for the year ended September 30, 2022, as compared to cash used in operating activities of 8,308,198 for the same period in the prior
year. Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended September 30, 2022, included payments made for employee costs, professional
fees to our consultants, attorneys and accountants for services related to completion of our audit, development of our new wagering platform
and preparation of our public offering filings. Net cash used in operations was also a result of our increase in accounts receivable due
to the growth in our business. Cash flow from operations also benefitted from deferred payments for professional fees to our consultants,
attorneys and accountants primarily required to complete the acquisition of the Aspire B2C business in November 2021. 

Cash used in investing activities 

Net cash
used in investing activities was 57,436,408 during the year ended September 30, 2022 related to the completion of the acquisition
of the Aspire B2C business in November 2021 . Also contributing to the cash used in investing activities
were purchase of fixed assets of 1,200,882 due primarily to opening of our office in Malta and purchase of software assets to support
the new wagering platform. Net cash used in investing activities was 577,811 for the year ended September 30, 2021 and was related
to the purchase of software assets to support the new wagering platform, and the purchase of long-term assets related to intellectual
property rights. 

Cash used provided by financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 63,655,757 for
the year ended September 30, 2022 due to the issuance of the Preferred Stock and Senior Notes which resulted in cash proceeds of
 33,516,000 and 26,627,111, respectively, as well as the net cash proceeds of 3,492,450 raised in June 2022 from a private
placement. Net cash provided by financing activities was 17,896,957 for the year ended September 30, 2021 and was related to the
sale of 2,000,000 shares of common stock at 2.00 per share in a private placement, partially offset by commissions to brokers of
 351,929 as well as private placements of our common stock completed in January and February 2021, at 3.00 per share for gross
proceeds of 750,000. In April 2021, we completed our IPO and issued 2,400,000 shares of common stock for gross cash proceeds of
 14,400,000. We paid underwriting fees and other expenses of 885,800 and issued 168,000 warrants to purchase shares of common stock
at a price of 7.20 per share for a period of five years. 

Off Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

None. 

26 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements, including the notes thereto. We consider critical accounting policies to
be those that require more significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our financial statements, including the following:
long lived assets; intangible assets valuations; and income tax valuations. Management relies on historical experience and other assumptions
believed to be reasonable in making its judgment and estimates. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

Management believes its application of accounting
policies, and the estimates inherently required therein, are reasonable. These accounting policies and estimates are periodically reevaluated,
and adjustments are made when facts and circumstances dictate a change. 

Stock-based Compensation 

Our historical and outstanding stock-based compensation
awards, including the issuances of options and other stock awards under our equity compensation plans, have typically included service-based
or performance-based vesting conditions. For awards with only service-based vesting conditions, we record compensation cost for these
awards using the straight-line method over the vesting period. For awards with performance-based vesting conditions, we recognize compensation
cost on a tranche-by-tranche basis. 

Stock-based compensation expense is measured based
on the grant-date fair value of the stock-based awards and is recognized over the requisite service period of the awards. The Black-Scholes
model requires management to make a number of key assumptions, including expected volatility, expected term, risk-free interest rate and
expected dividends. The risk-free interest rate is estimated using the rate of return on U.S. treasury notes with a life that approximates
the expected term. The expected term assumption used in the Black-Scholes model represents the period of time that the options are expected
to be outstanding and is estimated using the midpoint between the requisite service period and the contractual term of the option. 

The assumptions underlying these valuations represent
management s best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result, if factors
or expected outcomes change and our management uses significantly different assumptions or estimates, our stock-based compensation expense
for future periods could be materially different, including as a result of adjustments to stock-based compensation expense recorded for
prior period. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

We regularly
review our long-term assets, comprising intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability generally requires us to estimate the fair value
of the long-term asset, including making assumptions and judgments on several items including, but not limited to, the future cash flows
that will be generated by these assets. Measurement of any impairment loss for long-lived assets is based on the amount by which the carrying
value exceeds the fair value of the asset. 

Business Combinations 

We allocate
the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the companies acquired based on their fair
values at the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair value of these assets acquired and
liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill and may involve engaging independent third parties to perform an appraisal. When determining
the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquired company, management makes significant estimates and assumptions,
especially with respect to intangible assets. 

Critical
estimates in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, expected future cash flows, which includes consideration of future
growth rates, and discount rates. Fair value estimates are based on the assumptions management believes a market participant would use
in pricing the asset or liability. Amounts recorded in a business combination may change during the measurement period, which is a period
not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, as additional information about conditions existing at the acquisition date becomes
available. 

27 

Goodwill 

We review
goodwill for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable.
A qualitative assessment is first performed to determine if the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not to be less than
its carrying amount. Judgment in the assessment of qualitative factors of impairment may include changes in business climate, market conditions,
or other events impacting the reporting unit. If we determine an impairment is more likely than not based on our qualitative assessment,
a quantitative assessment of impairment is performed. 

Performing
a quantitative goodwill impairment test includes the determination of the fair value of a reporting unit and involves significant estimates
and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include, among others, revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected
future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions, and the determination of appropriate market comparables.
If we determine the carrying amount exceeds fair value, goodwill is impaired, and the excess is recognized as an impairment loss. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

28 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

29 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of EBET, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of EBET, Inc. (the Company as of September 30, 2022, the related statement of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit),
and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September
30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s
significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s BF Borgers CPA PC 

(PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2022 

January 13, 2023 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 of EBET, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of EBET, Inc. (the Company as of September 30, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
shareholders equity and cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2021 and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended September
30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company s need for additional financing in order to fund its operations in 2021 raises substantial doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern. These 2021 financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

CRITICAL AUDIT MATTERS 

Critical audit matters arising from the current
period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 

December 23, 2021 

F- 2 

EBET, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Derivative asset 

Right of use asset, operating lease, current portion 

Total current assets 

Long term assets: 

Fixed assets, net 

Right of use asset, operating lease 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Current lease liabilities 

Borrowings, current portion 

Liabilities to users 

Total current liabilities 

Long-Term Liabilities: 

Borrowings, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, respectively 

Common stock; par value, shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive (deficit) income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

EBET, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

For the Years Ended 

September 30, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Product and technology expenses 

Acquisition costs 

Impairment loss 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest expense 

Gain on derivative instruments 

Foreign currency loss 

Total other expense 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation income (loss) 

Total other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

EBET, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS'
EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021 

Accumulated 

Preferred
 stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Other 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 paid-in 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Income 
 deficit 
 Total 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

Shares issued for cash, net 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued due to conversion of borrowings 

Shares and stock options issued for assets 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Exercise of stock options for cash 

Net loss 

Comprehensive income 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

Shares and warrants issued for cash, net 

Preferred shares issued for cash, net 

Shares issued to for acquisition of Aspire B2C business 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Shares issued for conversion of borrowings 

Exercise of stock options for cash 

Stock-based compensation 

Preferred share dividends 

Stock warrants issued in connections with Senior Notes 

Net loss 

Comprehensive income 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

EBET, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

September
 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used
 in operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discount 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on derivative instruments 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense 

Amortization of right of use assets 

Stock-based compensation 

Impairment loss 

Foreign exchange loss 

Gain on cryptocurrency settlement 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable - related parties 

Right of use lease liabilities 

Liabilities to users 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flow from investing activities: 

Purchase of software and equipment 

Acquisition of Aspire B2C business 

Purchase of other long-term assets 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash flow from financing activities: 

Proceeds from debt issuance, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from equity issuances, net of costs of
 capital 

Net cash provided by financing
 activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash transactions 

Preferred shares issued for dividends 

Stock warrants issued in connection with Senior
 Notes 

Common stock issued for acquisition of Aspire
 B2C business 

Promissory note issued for acquisition of Aspire
 B2C business 

Stock issued for conversion of borrowings 

Stock issuable for intangible assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

EBET, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

paid as follows: (i) cash amount of ;
(ii) ,
payable in accordance with the terms of an unsecured subordinated promissory note (the Note and (iii) shares of
Company common stock, which are valued at 
(based on the weighted-average per-share price of the ten days prior to the execution date of the Acquisition Agreement (the
 Exchange Shares ). See Notes 3, 4 and 5 for additional information. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability
of the Company to obtain equity or debt financings to continue operations. The Company has a history of and expects to continue to report
negative cash flows from operations and a net loss. The Company's forecasts for 2023 and beyond indicate that it we will need additional
funding in order to have sufficient financial resources to continue to settle its debts as they fall due. The Company has taken significant
measures to increase the profitability of its business in the short term. These actions include optimizing the efficiency of marketing
campaigns, reducing the total number of employees and contractors, terminating software and other immaterial contracts as well as generally
reducing the operating costs of the business. These efforts have also resulted in an increased focus on the Company s i-gaming business
and a significant reduction in the investment of the Company s esports products and technologies, which resulted in the recognition
of an impairment loss on certain intangible assets and fixed assets. As a result of the Company s actions as referenced above, it
does not expect to launch its esports products in the short or medium term. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern. The Company may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, government or other third-party
funding, commercialization, marketing and distribution arrangements, other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements
and delay planned cash outlays or a combination thereof. Management cannot be certain that such events or a combination thereof can be
achieved. 

Impact of COVID-19 

The outbreak of the 2019 novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 ),
which was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020, and the related responses by public health and
governmental authorities to contain and combat its outbreak and spread, has severely impacted the U.S. and world economies. Economic recessions,
including those brought on by the COVID-19 outbreak may have a negative effect on the demand for the Company s products and the
Company s operating results. The range of possible impacts on the Company s business from the coronavirus pandemic could include:
(i) changing demand for the Company s online betting products; and (ii) increasing contraction in the capital markets. 

A significant or prolonged decrease in consumer spending on entertainment
or leisure activities would also likely have an adverse effect on demand for the Company s products, reducing cash flows and revenues,
and thereby materially harming the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a materially
disruptive resurgence of COVID-19 cases or the emergence of additional variants or strains of COVID-19 could cause other widespread or
more severe impacts depending on where infection rates are highest. As steps taken to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 necessitated a shift
away from a traditional office environment for many employees, the Company implemented business continuity programs to ensure that employees
were safe and that the business continued to function with minimal disruptions to normal work operations while employees worked remotely.
The Company will continue to monitor developments relating to disruptions and uncertainties caused by COVID-19. 

and as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the Company s former third-party operator. 

,
including related to intangible assets and related to property and equipment. 

The Company s only significant lease is for office space in Malta,
which has a two-year lease term beginning August 1, 2021, and is classified as an operating lease. The lease has an option to extend the
term for an additional two years with a 10 increase in annual rent. The Company paid 176,001 at commencement and owed an additional
 160,001 in August 2022. The Company has been making monthly payments of on this annual payment. The Company recognized
a right of use asset and lease liability of at commencement based on the present value of lease payments at commencement and
utilizing an estimate incremental borrowing rate of . 

The following table summarizes the lease-related
assets and liabilities recorded in the consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Right of use liability operating lease current portion 

Right of use liability operating lease long term 

Total operating lease liabilities 

The following table provides
the maturities of lease liabilities at September 30, 2022: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 and thereafter 

Total future undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Operating lease expense was and during the years ended
September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

of the Company s
revenue and of the Company s outstanding accounts receivable. In addition, no disaggregation of revenue is required because
all current revenue is generated from gaming revenue. 

i-gaming, or online casino, typically includes
digital versions of wagering games available in land-based casinos, such as blackjack, roulette and slot machines. For these offerings,
the Company functions similarly to land-based casinos, generating revenue through casino hold, as users play against the house. i-gaming
revenue is generated from user wagers net of payouts made on users winning wagers and incentives awarded to users. 

Sportsbook or sports betting involves a user
wagering money on an outcome or series of outcomes occurring. When a user s wager wins, the Company pays the user a pre-determined
amount known as fixed odds. Sportsbook revenue is generated by setting odds such that there is a built-in theoretical margin in each sports
wagering opportunity offered to users. Sportsbook revenue is generated from users wagers net of payouts made on users winning
wagers and incentives awarded to users. 

Performance Obligations 

The Company operates an online betting platform allowing users to place
wagers on a variety of live sporting events, i-gaming and esports events. Each wager placed by users create a single performance obligation
for the Company to administer each event wagered. The performance obligation is satisfied once the event wagered on has been completed.
Gross gaming revenue is the aggregate of gaming wins and losses based on results of each event that customers wager bets on. 

Transaction Price Considerations 

Variability in the transaction price arises
primarily due to market-based pricing, cash discounts, revenue sharing and usage-based fees. The Company offers loyalty programs, free
plays, deposit bonuses, discounts, rebates and other rewards and incentives to its customers. Revenue for Sportsbook and i-gaming is collected
prior to the contest or event and is fixed once the outcome is known. Prizes paid and payouts made to users are recognized when awarded
to the player. 

and for years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The following tables set forth the fair value of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 based on the three-tier fair value hierarchy: 

Derivative asset 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Senior Notes, net of discount 

Note due to Aspire 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount 

Other notes payable, net of discount 

Total liabilities 

Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2021 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets 

Cash 

Derivative asset 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Senior Notes, net of discount 

Note due to Aspire 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount 

Other notes payable, net of discount 

Total liabilities 

as of September 30, 2022. The Company recognized
a gain on derivative instruments of during the year ended September 30, 2022. Subsequent to September 30, 2022, the Company
settled all of its foreign exchange forward contracts. 

paid as follows: (i) a cash amount of ; (ii) , paid in accordance with the terms of an unsecured subordinated
promissory note (the Note and (iii) shares of Company common stock, which were valued at (based on the
weighted-average per-share price of the ten days prior to the execution date of the Acquisition Agreement). The transaction closed on
November 29, 2021. 

The acquired assets were recorded at their estimated fair values. The
purchase price allocation is preliminary, and as additional information becomes available, the Company may further revise the preliminary
purchase price allocation, including the fair value of identified intangible assets, during the remainder of the measurement period. Measurement
period adjustments will be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. Any such adjustments may
be material. 

The purchase price of this acquisition was allocated on a preliminary
basis as follows: 

Customer relationships 

Goodwill 

Total 

Useful life is the period over which an asset
is expected to add to the future cash flows of an entity. Useful life for identifiable assets is generally estimated using a modified
straight-line method or a usage period. The Company has determined that the useful life of the trademarks vary from 5 years to an indefinite
life and determined that the useful life of the Customer Relationships was three years. 

Goodwill represents the excess of the gross considerations
transferred over the fair value of the underlying net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill recognized is not deductible for
local tax purposes. 

Upon completing the acquisition of Aspire, the
company incurred the following costs: 

Equity issuance costs 

Transaction expenses 

Debt issuance costs relate to costs associated with acquiring the loan
from the CP BF Lending LLC. These have been recorded as reduction of the face value of the debt and are amortized over the life of the
loan. Equity issuance costs relate to the costs associated with the private placement. These have been recorded as reduction of the equity
proceeds. Transactions costs relate to all direct and indirect costs associated with the acquisition and expensed as incurred. 

The Company s revenue and net loss for the year ended September
30, 2022 included and , respectively from the Aspire B2C business since the acquisition date, including interest
expense on the debt issued to acquire the business. 

Unaudited proforma information 

The following schedule contains pro-forma consolidated results of
operations for the year ended September 30, 2021 as if the Aspire B2C acquisition occurred on October 1, 2020. The pro forma results
of operations are presented for informational purposes only and are not indicative of the results of operations that would have been
achieved if the acquisition had taken place on October 1, 2020, or of results that may occur in the future. 

Operating loss 

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Loss per common share - basic and diluted 

The most significant proforma adjustments relate to annual interest
on the Senior Notes and Note to Aspire issued in connection with the acquisition, amortization expense of the estimated intangible assets
recognized as part of the purchase price allocation, and the preferred dividends incurred in connection with the financing of the acquisition. 

USD 

() 

() 

Note due
 to Aspire 

EUR 

Convertible
 notes 

USD 

() 

Other 

USD 

() 

() 

Total
 borrowings 

() 

() 

() 

Current 

Long-term 

Total borrowings 

Se nior Note 

On November 29, 2021, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the
 Credit Agreement with CP BF Lending, LLC Lender ), pursuant to which the Lender agreed to make a single loan
to the Company of (the Senior Note ). The Senior Note bears interest on the unpaid principal amount at a rate per annum equal
to 15.0 as follows: (1) cash interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Senior Note at a rate equal to 14.0 per annum, plus (2) payable-in-kind
interest PIK Interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Senior Note at a rate equal to 1.0 per annum. The Company paid to
Lender on the closing date a non-refundable origination fee in an amount equal to . 

The Senior Note matures
in 36 months, provided that the Company may receive two 12-month extensions of the maturity date by paying to the Lender (1) an extension
fee equal to 1.0 of the unpaid principal balance of the Senior Note as of the date of such
extension, and (2) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses paid or incurred by Lender, in each case in connection
with the extension request, including but not limited to fees and expenses for appraisals, collateral exams and audits, and legal counsel.
The foregoing extension right is subject to, among other items, (i) the Senior Note not being in default, (ii) the representations and
warranties contained in Credit Agreement being true and correct; and (iii) the Lender granting its written approval thereof in its sole
discretion. 

The Senior Note may be
prepaid by the Company at any time. In addition, the Credit Agreement provides that in the event there shall be excess cash flow from
the Aspire Business (as such concept is defined in the Credit Agreement) for any calendar month, commencing with the month ended December
31, 2022, the Company shall apply such excess cash flow amount to prepay the outstanding principal balance of the Senior Note; provided
that no such prepayment shall be required once the unpaid principal balance of the Senior Note has been reduced to 15,000,000. 

The Credit Agreement requires the Company to meet certain financial
covenants commencing June 30, 2022. The Senior Note is secured by all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Senior Note
may be accelerated by the Lender upon an event of default, which in addition to customary events of default include: (i) if (1) any of
the Company or its subsidiaries shall fail to maintain in full force and effect any gaming approval (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
required for the operation of its business or (2) any gaming regulator shall impose any condition or limitation on any of the foregoing
entities that could be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect; or (ii) the suspension from trading or failure of the Company s
common stock to be trading or listed on the Nasdaq exchange for a period of three consecutive trading days. 

As of June 30, 2022, the Company had not maintained compliance
with the covenants of the Senior Note and obtained a waiver from its lender which waiver is contingent on the completion of an
equity raise of 3.5 million, which was completed in June 2022. In consideration for obtaining a waiver from the compliance with
certain covenants, the Company agreed to amend the Senior Note such that 5,000,000 of principal loan balance becomes convertible at
 3.58 per share commencing after the Company raises the 5,000,000 of common equity (including the foregoing 3.5 million). 

In connection with the Senior Note, the Company issued the Lender a warrant
(the Lender Warrant to purchase shares of Company common stock at an exercise price of per share expiring
on the earlier to occur of (i) five years following the issue date or (ii) the second anniversary of the satisfaction of all obligations
of the Company under the Credit Agreement. The exercise price is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends
and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Company s common stock. In
addition, the exercise price of the Lender Warrant is subject to weighted-average anti-dilution protection for issuances
by the Company below the exercise price (other than certain defined exempt issuances), and, upon shareholder approval, which was received
on February 9, 2022, the number of shares underlying the Lender Warrant shall also be adjusted for issuances to which the weighted-average 
anti-dilution protection applies. Pursuant to the foregoing anti-dilution provision, in connection with the 3.5 million offering completed
in June 2022, the number of shares underlying the warrant increased to and the exercise price was reduced to . The Lender
will not have the right to exercise any portion of the Lender Warrant if the Lender (together with its affiliates) would beneficially
own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of Company common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as
such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Lender Warrant, which beneficial ownership amount, at the
election of the Lender may be increased to any other percentage not in excess of 19.99 as specified by the Lender. If a fundamental transaction
occurs, then the successor entity will succeed to, and be substituted for the Company, and will assume all of the Company s obligations
under the Lender Warrant with the same effect as if such successor entity had been named in the Lender Warrant itself. 

On September 2, 2022, the Lender provided the Company with a limited
waiver of these covenants until September 30, 2022 in exchange for a one-time payment of to be added to the principal amount
of the Senior Note. In addition, the Senior Note required the Company to maintain a minimum balance of 4.0 million in the account utilized to collect
the revenues from the Company s i-gaming business. 

On September 30, 2022, the Lender provided the Company with a limited
waiver of these covenants until October 31, 2022 in exchange for a one-time payment of to be added to the principal amount of
the Senior Note. In addition, the Senior Note required the Company to maintain a minimum balance of 5.0 million in the account utilized to collect
the revenues from the Company s i-gaming business. 

On October 6, 2022, the
Lender provided the Company with an additional limited waiver allowing the foregoing minimum balance to be reduced to 4.0 million
until October 31, 2022, in exchange for a one-time payment of 
to be added to the principal amount of the Senior Note. On October 31, 2022, the Lender provided the Company with a limited
waiver of these covenants until November 30, 2022 in exchange for a one-time payment of to be added to the principal amount of
the Senior Note. On November 30, 2022, the Lender provided the Company with a limited waiver
of these covenants until December 16, 2022. On December 16, 2022, the Lender provided the Company with a limited waiver of these
covenants until January 9, 2023. On January 9, 2023, the Lender provided the Company with a limited waiver of these covenants until
January 31, 2023 and required a principal payment of which was made on January 10, 2023. This waiver and principal
payment reduced the minimum balance in the account to . The Company does not expect to satisfy certain of these covenants
prior to January 31, 2023 and is currently in discussions with the Lender on modifying the financial covenants, although there is no
assurance that the Company will be successful in making such modifications to the Senior Note. 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company recognized interest
expense of from the amortization debt discount and debt issuance costs related to the Senior Note. 

Note due to Aspire 

The Note provides for an interest rate of 10 per annum. The maturity
date of the Note will be the earlier of that date which is four years from the issuance date or a liquidity event. The Note will require
repayment of the principal amount plus any accrued interest in three equal installments, payable annually starting on the second anniversary
after issuance. No interest payment shall be due until that date which is the last day of the end of the second-year anniversary of issuance
should the Note remain unpaid at such time. Should the Note remain unpaid at the second-year anniversary, the total accrued interest due
at that time shall be paid at the second year anniversary for accrued interest for the period from the issuance date through the second
year anniversary date. Thereafter, and on each annual anniversary date thereafter, the interest due for the prior annual period shall
be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company owes greater than 15,000,000 under the Credit Agreement, then the parties agree
that the Company shall repay any principal amount plus any accrued interest due through the issuance of Company common stock in lieu of
any cash payment and the amount of said common stock shares to be issued by the Company shall be determined by using the Conversion Price
as defined below. Should an event of default occur on the Note, then at the election of Aspire, either (i) the Operator Services Agreement
will be amended such that the fees payable shall increase by 5 during the continuation of the event of default, or (ii) Aspire may elect
to convert the entire outstanding principal amount plus any accrued interest into shares of common stock of the Company at a price per
share based on the weighted-average per-share price for the ten trading days prior to the date of the occurrence of the event of default Conversion Price ). In no event shall the Conversion Price be lower than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, or similar events occurring after the date hereof) and the total maximum number of shares of common stock that may be
issued to Aspire upon any such conversion in the aggregate shall be 650,000 shares (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, or
similar events occurring after the date hereof). 

Convertible Notes and other 

On September 1, 2020, ESEG entered into three promissory notes, with
a combined principal amount of . The notes bore interest at the rate of per annum and matured on and are now
convertible at the noteholder s option. The Company also agreed to pay two of the lenders a total of on September 1, 2025,
bearing no interest. The Company issued each of the lenders a conversion option at a fixed price of 0.50 per share and issued 
warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.30 per share, each with a term of five years.
The convertible notes bear interest at 10 per annum and mature on March 1, 2022. The holder may convert the note into shares of common
stock at any time throughout the maturity date, to the extent and provided that no holder of the notes was or will be permitted to convert
such notes so long as it or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the Company s common stock after
such conversion. The Company determined that the assignment of the notes payable by the subsidiary to the parent company was an extinguishment
of the original notes payable due to the addition of a substantive conversion feature, and the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment
of during the year ended September 30, 2020. 

The Company evaluated the conversion option and concluded a
beneficial conversion feature was present at issuance. The Company recognized the beneficial conversion feature and relative fair
value of the warrants as a debt discount and additional paid in capital. The fair value of the warrants at the grant date was
estimated using a Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: 1) volatility of approximately 85 based on a peer group of
companies; 2) dividend yield of 0 ; 3) risk-free rate of 0.26 ; and 4) an expected term of five years. The 
debt discount will be amortized through the maturity date of the convertible notes payable. During the year ended September 30,
2022, a total of 
of principal and 
of accrued interest was converted into 
shares of common stock. During the twelve months ended September 30, 2021, a total of 
of principal was converted into 
shares of common stock. During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a charge of 
and ,
respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations from the amortization of its debt discount related to the
convertible notes payable and other liabilities described above. 

shares
of common stock with a par value of . In addition, the Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock with
a par value of . The specific rights of the preferred stock, when so designated, shall be determined by the board of directors. 

June 2022 Private Placement 

On June 16, 2022, the Company issued, in a private placement priced
at-the-market under Nasdaq rules: (i) shares of the Company s common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase up to an
aggregate of shares of common stock. The combined purchase price of one share of common stock and accompanying warrant was .
The gross proceeds to the Company from the private placement were approximately million , before deducting fees and other offering
expenses, and excluding the proceeds, if any, from the exercise of the warrants. 

Acquisition of the B2C segment of Aspire Global plc 

On October 1, 2021, in connection with the acquisition of the Aspire B2C business in November
2021, the Company
entered into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain investors (the Investors ).
Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and the Company agreed to issue and sell
to such Investors, simultaneous with the closing of the Acquisition Agreement, an aggregate of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Preferred Stock for a purchase price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of (the
 Private Placement ). For each share of Preferred Stock issued, the Company issued the Investor a warrant to purchase 150 
of the shares of Company common stock underlying the Preferred Stock (the Warrants ). 

Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the Company has obtained shareholder
approval of the conversion of the Preferred Stock and Warrants into Company common stock in compliance with the rules and regulations
of the Nasdaq Stock Market Shareholder Approval ). 

The Preferred Stockholders are entitled to receive dividends, at a
rate of 14.0 per annum, which shall be payable quarterly in arrears on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1, beginning on the first
such date after the issuance date. With limited exceptions, the Preferred Stockholders have no voting rights. The dividends can be paid
in either cash or in the issuance of additional preferred shares. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the
holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company available to
shareholders, an amount equal to the greater of: (i) the purchase price for each share of Preferred Stock then held, or (ii) the amount
the holders would have received had the holders fully converted the Preferred Stock to Company common stock, in each case, before any
distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of the Company s common stock. The Preferred Stock is convertible into Company
common stock at an initial conversion price of 28.00 per share Conversion Price provided that the Conversion Price is
subject to anti-dilution protection upon any subsequent transaction at a price lower than the Conversion Price then in effect. In addition,
 on December 31, 2022 and April 15, 2023 (each an Adjustment Date ), the Conversion
Price shall be adjusted to the lesser of: (i) the Conversion Price in effect on the Adjustment Date, or (ii) 85 of the average closing
price of the Company s common stock for the fifteen trading days prior to the Adjustment Date. On December 30, 2022, the holders
of a majority of the Preferred Stock approved an amendment to the terms of the Preferred Stock to: (i) extend the initial Adjustment Date
from December 31, 2022 to January 31, 2023; and (ii) to modify the definition of Exempt Issuance to permit the issuance
of shares of Company common stock to consultants. On December 30, 2022, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences,
Rights and Limitations of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was filed in the State of Nevada. 

The Warrants are exercisable and expire on the fifth anniversary thereafter.
The Warrants were initially to be exercisable at an exercise price of 30.00 per share, provided that the exercise price is subject to
anti-dilution protection upon any subsequent transaction at a price lower than the exercise price then in effect. Notwithstanding the
foregoing anti-dilution provision, in connection with the 3.5 million offering completed in June 2022, the exercise price was reduced
to 5.00. The Warrants can be exercised on a cashless basis if there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current
prospectus available for, the resale of the ordinary shares underlying the Warrants. 

The holders of the Preferred Stock and Warrants will not have the right
to convert or exercise any portion of the Preferred Stock and Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion, such
holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the Company s common stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such conversion or exercise. 

Shares issued in the prior year 

During the three months ended December 31, 2020, the Company received
gross cash proceeds of in exchange for shares of common stock. In conjunction with this fundraising, broker commission
and expenses of were paid and common stock warrants with an exercise price of and a five-year term were issued.
The fair value of the warrants issued in connection with the financing was estimated to be as discussed below. 

In January 2021, the Company sold shares of common stock to
investors for 3.00 per share, receiving gross proceeds of . The company paid of broker fees and commissions related to this
fundraising and issued warrants to purchase common stock with an exercise price of .00 per share and a term of years. The fair
value of the warrants issued in connection with the financing was estimated to be as discussed below. 

In April 2021, the Company completed its IPO and issued 
shares of common stock for gross cash proceeds of 
and received net proceeds of 
after costs of 
which were recorded in shareholders equity. The Company also issued 
common stock warrants with a five-year term and exercise price of 
to the underwriter. These warrants had an estimated fair value at issuance of . 

2020 Stock Plan 

In December 2020, the Company adopted the EBET, Inc. 2020 Stock Plan,
or the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan is a stock-based compensation plan that provides for discretionary grants of stock options, stock awards,
stock unit awards and stock appreciation rights to key employees, non-employee directors and consultants. 

Under the 2020 Plan, the aggregate value of all compensation granted
or paid to any individual for service as a non-employee director with respect to any calendar year, including awards granted under the
2020 Plan and cash fees paid to such non-employee director, will not exceed 300,000 in total value. For purposes of this limitation,
the value of awards is calculated based on the grant date fair value of such awards for financial reporting purposes. 

The number of shares of the common stock that may be issued under the
2020 Plan is . As of September 30, 2022, the Company had awarded a total shares under the 2020 Plan, with 
remaining under the 2020 Plan. 

Common Stock Awards 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company agreed to award
a total of restricted stock units that convert into common stock to various employees, consultants and officers under the 2020
Plan. Of the restricted stock unit awarded, will vest annually over a period of one to four years, will vest upon the
completion of various performance goals related to the operations of the Company, and shares of common stock underlying awards
made to the Company s CEO will vest equally upon reaching trailing twelve months revenue of million and million . The Company
estimated the fair value of the awards granted prior to the IPO, at per share based on recent sales of common stock. For awards granted
after the IPO, the closing price of the Company s stock on the grant date is used to determine the fair value. 

In November 2020, the Company entered into four consulting agreements
under which the Company issued a total of shares of common stock, which vest equally over terms ranging from three to twelve months.
The Company also awarded shares to an additional consultant in May 2021 which vested immediately but were not yet issued as of
September 30, 2021. 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized a
total of of stock-based compensation expense related to common stock awards and expects to recognize additional compensation
cost of upon vesting of all awards. 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company agreed to award
a total of restricted stock units that convert into common stock to various employees, consultants and officers under the 2020
Plan. Of the restricted stock unit awarded, will vest annually over a period of one to four years and vest over six months.
At September 30, 2022, the Company had restricted stock units in issuance. 

During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized
a total of and , respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to common stock awards and expects to
recognize additional compensation cost of upon vesting of all awards. 

Warrants 

As discussed above, the Company has issued common stock warrants in
connection with its fundraising activities to brokers, an asset purchase agreement and convertible notes issued during the years ended
September 30, 2022 and 2021. The following table summarizes warrant activity during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Expired 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Expired 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at September 30, 2022 

Exercisable at September 30, 2022 

The outstanding and exercisable common stock warrants as of September
30, 2022 had an estimated intrinsic value of . 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company estimated the
fair value of the warrants using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions: 1) stock price of to per
share; 2) dividend yield of ; 3) risk-free rate of between and ; 4) expected term of between years; 5) an exercise price
of or and 6) expected volatility of based on a peer group of public companies. The warrants issued in connection with
the Senior Notes had a fair value of , and the relative fair value of was recorded as debt discount. The estimated
fair value of the warrants issued to preferred stockholders was , and the estimated fair value of the warrants issued in connection
with the June 2022 private placement was . 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company estimated the
fair value of the warrants using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions: 1) stock price of to per share;
2) dividend yield of ; 3) risk-free rate of between and ; 4) expected term of between and years; 5) an exercise price
of , 2 3 or and 6) expected volatility of between and based on a peer group of public companies. The warrants
granted to brokers in connection with sales of common stock during the year ended September 30, 2021, had an estimated fair value of 
which was reflected as a cost of capital, warrants granted to consultants for services had a fair value of , and the warrants granted
in connection with the asset purchase agreement had an estimated fair value of . 

Options 

During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company entered
into various agreements with employees, members of the Board of Directors and consultants whereby the Company awarded common stock options
under the 2020 Plan. Of the unvested options as of September 30, 2022, will vest upon future performance conditions being
met, and the remainder vest equally over periods of between one and four years from issuance. 

The following table summarizes option activity during the years ended
September 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

Granted 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at September 30, 2022 

Exercisable at September 30, 2022 

During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized
stock-based compensation expense of and , respectively, related to common stock options awarded. The exercisable
common stock options had an intrinsic value as of September 30, 2022, of . The Company expects to recognize an additional 
of compensation cost related to stock options expected to vest. 

The Company estimated the fair value of the stock options awarded during
the year ended September 30, 2022 using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions: 1) stock price of to 
per share; 2) dividend yield of ; 3) risk-free rate of between and ; 4) expected term of between and years; 5) an
exercise price between and and 6) expected volatility of based on a peer group of public companies. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Total fixed assets 

Accumulated depreciation 

Fixed assets, net 

The software costs above relate to acquired components of the Company s
existing platform and other future products which were being depreciated over the expected useful life of years. During the year ended
September 30, 2022, the Company determined that the software related to the esports platform was impaired, and recognized a loss of ,
included in Impairment loss on the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. 

Intangible Assets Aspire b2C Acquisition 

As disclosed in Note 3, the Company acquired intangible assets as
part of the Aspire B2C Business acquisition. The acquired intangibles consisted of the following as of September 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Trademarks and tradenames, three year lives 

Customer relationships 

Total acquired intangibles 

Accumulated amortization 

Acquired intangible assets, net 

The Karamba trademarks and tradenames represent approximately 75 of
the total of the acquired intangibles and have an indefinite useful life. The remaining trademarks and tradenames and customer relationships
are amortized over an estimated useful life of three years. Amortization for the year ended September 30, 2023, 2024 and 2025 is expected
to be approximately , and , respectively. 

Intangible Assets Domain Names 

On September 1, 2020, the Company s wholly owned
subsidiary, ESEG, entered into domain purchase agreements to acquire the rights to certain domain names from third parties. The cost
to acquire the domain names was ,
based on the estimated fair value of the consideration transferred to the sellers. ESEG issued notes payable with a combined
principal amount of ,
which were to mature on , bearing interest at .
These notes were exchanged for notes of the Company in September 2020. The Company also agreed to pay a total of 
on , with no interest. The Company estimated discount of these liabilities totaling 
at the date of the transaction, to be amortized over the maturity period of the liabilities. The domain names were recorded as an
intangible asset with an indefinite useful life. In connection with the preparation of these financial statements for inclusion
in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company s management evaluated the domain names
related to its esports operations at September 30, 2022 and determined that the assets were impaired due to the lack of progress in
developing its esports operations and the Company s decision to no longer pursue those operations, recognizing an impairment
loss of ,
included in Impairment loss on the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. 

Intangible Assets - Cryptocurrencies 

The following table presents the activities of the Company s
cryptocurrency holdings for the year ended September 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Additions of cryptocurrency 

Payments of cryptocurrency 

Gain on cryptocurrency 

Cryptocurrency at September 30, 2021 

Additions of cryptocurrency 

Payments of cryptocurrency 

Gain on cryptocurrency 

Cryptocurrency at September 30, 2022 

Additions of cryptocurrency during the year ended September 30, 2022
represent net deposits from players, and payments of cryptocurrency represent payments of accounts payable and accrued expenses. Additions
of cryptocurrency during the year ended September 30, 2021 represent settlement of outstanding accounts receivable of and net
deposits from players of . Payments of cryptocurrency during the year ended September 30, 2021 included payments of accounts payable
and accrued expenses of and prepaid expenses of . Use of cryptocurrency to settle receivables and payables during the period
are reflected as a component of changes in operating assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

Intangible Assets - License Agreement 

On October 1, 2020, the Company entered into an option agreement which
gave the Company rights to acquire a license for proprietary technology related to online betting. The Company paid upon execution
of the option agreement, paid an additional in cash, and issued shares of common stock upon exercise of the option on
or about May 3, 2021. The shares had a fair value of at the date of exercise of the option and execution of the license agreement
resulting in total value for the license agreement of . During the year ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized
amortization expense of and included in product and technology expenses. In connection with the preparation of these
financial statements for inclusion in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company determined that
the intangible asset, which was related to the esports operations due to the lack of progress in developing its esports operations and
the Company s decision to no longer pursue those operations, was impaired and recognized an impairment loss of , included
in Impairment loss on the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. 

shares of common
stock for gross cash proceeds of . The Company paid underwriting fees of and issued warrants to purchase shares
of common stock at a price of per share for a period of five years. 

On September 26, 2020, the Company entered into a consulting agreement
with a registered foreign broker dealer for fundraising services and paid 10 of any gross proceeds through capital raises from non-US
investors introduced by the consultant, up to a maximum payment to the consultant of and the consultant also received warrants
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. These warrants were exercised in April
2021 and were converted into shares of the Company stock. 

Financial Advisor s Claims 

The Company s previous financial advisor, Boustead
Securities LLC Advisor has alleged a breach by the Company over the termination of their engagement and the timing
of the payment and amount of the fees owed to the Advisor among other claims (collectively the Claims ). The fees the
Company expects to pay are accrued in the accompanying balance sheet. On June 2, 2022, the Advisor named EBET in an arbitration
proceeding with Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA in connection with the Claims. The statement of claim
alleges damages of 
million and seeks a declaration that the Company be required to utilize the Advisor for a certain follow-on offering pursuant
to an alleged right of first refusal between the parties. On August 4, 2022, EBET, Inc. counterclaimed against Boustead
Securities, LLC for tortious interference with prospective economic advantage and demanded damages and attorneys fees in an
amount to be determined. The case is ongoing, with a hearing before a 3-arbitrator panel currently scheduled for July 2023.
Arbitration is inherently unpredictable. However, the Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to a portion of the alleged
fee claim asserted and to the claim that the Company has any obligations pursuant to a right of first refusal between the parties.
Nevertheless, cash flows or results of operations could be materially affected in any particular period by the resolution of this
matter. At this time, any estimated loss potentially arising from the Claims cannot be reasonably estimated and no liability has
been recognized. 

Employment Agreements 

On November 5, 2021, the Company entered into
an amended and restated employment agreement, effective October 1, 2021, with Aaron Speach pursuant to which Mr. Speach agreed to continue
to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer for an initial term of three years. The agreement provides for an initial annual
base salary of , which may be increased to retroactively as of the effective date provided the closing and consummation
of the share purchase transaction by and between Company and Aspire Global plc occurs. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Speach is eligible
for an annual bonus of up to 75 of his base salary, as determined solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Pursuant to
the agreement, if Mr. Speach is required to be located outside of the United States for a period of 30 consecutive days or more, the Company
shall pay him a pro-rated monthly travel stipend of for each month that he is so required to live outside of the United States.
Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Speach is eligible to receive the following potential performance stock grants: (i) shares of Company
common stock at such date as the Company reaches total gross revenues of in any trailing 12 month period during the term of
the employment agreement; and (ii) shares of Company common stock at such date as the Company reaches total gross revenues of
 in any trailing 12 month period during the term of the employment agreement. These awards were earned during the year ended
September 30, 2022. Contemporaneous with the execution of the agreement, Mr. Speach received a restricted stock unit award (the RSU
Grant for shares of Company common stock. The RSU Grant shall vest in four equal annual installments, provided Mr. Speach
is employed on each such vesting date. If Mr. Speach s employment is terminated at our election without cause (as
defined in the agreement), Mr. Speach shall be entitled to receive severance payments equal to 150 of the balance due of Mr. Speach s
base salary for the remainder of the initial term of three years. 

On November 5, 2021, the Company s Board
of Directors, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, approved the following policy for compensating non-employee members of
the Board. Each independent director shall receive annual cash compensation of . In addition, the chairperson of the Audit Committee,
Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee shall receive an annual compensation of , and , respectively;
the other members of such committees shall receive an annual compensation of , and , respectively. In addition, the
Company agreed to pay a one-time make-whole payment to the independent directors for services rendered since the Company s initial
public offering of . 

On September 9, 2022, the Company entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Matthew Lourie pursuant to which Mr. Lourie agreed to serve as interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company commencing on such
date. The agreement provides for a monthly salary of . Mr. Lourie may receive a cash bonus of and a restricted stock unit
grant for shares of Company common stock upon a successful transition of services to a full time Chief Financial Officer, provided
that the final determination on the amount of the bonus and grant, if any, will be made by the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors, based on criteria established by the Compensation Committee. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Lourie will receive a restricted
stock unit award for shares of Company common stock, which shall vest in six equal monthly installments, provided Mr. Lourie is
employed on each such vesting date. The Company may terminate the agreement at any time during the term of the agreement on 30 days 
notice. 

to Gogawi Inc. (a company
controlled by certain initial shareholders of the Company). The advances were due on demand and were non-interest bearing. In May 2021,
the Company repaid the advances in full. 

On November 10, 2020, the Company entered into an employment agreement
with Michael Barden, a family member of the Company s Chief Operating Officer, to serve as the Company s marketing director.
The employment agreement provides for an annual salary of 132,000, a technology allowance of 5,000, and an award of 30,000 shares of
common stock in the Company, vesting in four equal annual installments. On August 2, 2022, Mr. Barden s employment was terminated. 

The Company engaged a firm owned by Matthew Lourie, the Company s
Chief Financial Officer to provide financial reporting services. For the year ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred
consulting fees of and , respectively. 

Non-deductible expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

Significant components of the Company s
deferred tax assets after applying enacted corporate income tax rates are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax assets 

The Company has an operating loss carry forward of approximately .
Management currently believes that since the Company has a history of losses it is more likely than not that the deferred tax regarding
the loss carry forwards and other temporary differences will not be realized in the foreseeable future. The Company believes that carryforward
limitations will be applied to the historical net operating losses prior to the Share Exchange. 

The Company has recorded no liability for income taxes associated with
unrecognized tax benefits at the date of adoption and has not recorded any liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits during
2022 and 2021. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded any interest or penalty in regard to any unrecognized benefit. 

and shares), convertible debt, and shares), stock options and shares)
and common stock warrants and shares) were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share due to their
antidilutive effect. 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share 

F- 26 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, including
our chief executive officer, who serves as our principal executive officer, and our chief financial officer, who serves as our principal
financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based
on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective at ensuring that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and
forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief
financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

We do not expect that
our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and
procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting
for as long as we are an emerging growth company pursuant to the provisions of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our chief executive officer
and our chief financial officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as
such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria described in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).
Our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting were, and continue to be, ineffective, as of September 30,
2022, due to a lack of segregation of duties (resulting from the limited number of personnel available) and the lack of formal documentation
of our control environment. 

A material weakness is
a control deficiency (within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standard 1305)
or combination of control deficiencies that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

It should be noted that
any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance that the objectives
of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of
certain events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

29 

In light of the material
weaknesses described above, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our financial statements were
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in
this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting during our most recent calendar quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 

None. 

30 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 

Our Board of Directors
has adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees, which is available on our
website (ebet.gg) under Governance Documents Charters within the Corporate Governance section. We intend
to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this Code and
by posting such information on the website address and location specified above. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

The information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 20221. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans 

The following table sets
forth information regarding our equity compensation plans at September 30, 2022: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities (by class) remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 2,438,625 
 2.25 
 2,092,981 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (2) 
 2,166 
 3.00 

(1) Represents shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding
stock options and rights under our 2020 Stock Plan. 

(2) Consists of warrants issued to consultants. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 

31 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The
following documents are filed or furnished as part of this Form 10-K: 

1. Financial Statements. The financial statements and notes thereto
which are attached hereto have been included by reference into Item 8 of this part of the annual report on Form 10-K. See the Index to
Financial Statements on page 32. 

2. Financial Statement Schedules. The Financial Statement Schedules
have been omitted either because they are not required or because the information has been included in the financial statements or the
notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

3. Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description
 of Document 
 
 2.1 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021 (incorporated
 by reference to the exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed October 1, 2021) 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of EBET, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
 exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of EBET, Inc. (incorporated by reference
 to exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed May 5, 2022) 

3.3 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights
 and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form
 8-K filed January 3, 2023) 

3.4 
 Articles of Merger (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1
 to the Company s Form 8-K filed May 5, 2022) 

4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to exhibit
 4.1 to the Company s Form S-1/A file no. 333-254068) 

4.2 
 Form of Warrant issued in connection with Domain Purchase Agreements 
 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

4.3 
 Form of Convertible Note issued in connection with Domain Purchase Agreements 
 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

4.4 
 Form of Promissory Note between EBET, Inc., Esports Product Technologies
 Malta Ltd. and Aspire Global Plc (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 1, 2021) 

4.5 
 Form of Preferred Stock Investor Warrant (incorporated by reference
 to exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 1, 2021) 

4.6 
 Form of Lender Warrant (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to
 the Company s Form 8-K filed December 1, 2021) 

4.7 
 Description of Securities of EBET, Inc. 

4.8 
 Form of June 2022 Investor Warrant (incorporated by reference
 to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed June 8, 2022) 

32 

10.1 
 2020 Stock Plan of EBET, Inc.,
 as amended, and forms of award agreements thereunder (incorporated by reference to exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form S-8
 file no. 333-266678) 

10.2 
 Domain Purchase Agreement between ESEG Limited and
 Dover Hill LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

10.3 
 Domain Purchase Agreement between ESEG Limited and
 Esports Group LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

10.4 
 Domain Purchase Agreement between ESEG Limited and
 YSW Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

10.5 
 Form of Independent Director Agreement (incorporated
 by reference to exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

10.6 + 
 Software License Agreement between Galaxy Group Ltd.
 and ESEG Limited Dated September 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

10.7 + 
 White Label Agreement by and between Splash Technology
 Limited, and EBET, Inc. dated February 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Form S-1 file no.
 333-254068) 

10.8 
 License Agreement between EBET,
 Inc. and Colossus (IOM) Limited dated May 6, 2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed
 May 12, 2021) 

10.9 
 First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between
 EBET, Inc. and Aaron Speach dated November 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed
 November 9, 2021) 

10.10 + 
 First Amended and Restated Statement of Employment
 Terms between EBET, Inc. and Bart Barden dated November 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Form 8-K filed November 9, 2021) 

10.11 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated
 by reference to exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 9, 2021) 

10.12 
 Form of Preferred Stock Subscription Agreement (incorporated
 by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed October 1, 2021) 

10.13 + 
 Credit Agreement dated November 29, 2021 between EBET,
 Inc., certain subsidiaries of EBET, Inc., and CP BF Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed
 December 1, 2021) 

10.14 
 First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between
 EBET, Inc. and James Purcell dated December 22, 2021 

10.15 
 Form of June 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed June 8, 2022) 

10.16 
 Note Conversion Option Agreement between EBET, Inc.
 and CP BF LENDING, LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed June 8, 2022) 

10.17 
 Amendment to Note Conversion Option Agreement between
 EBET, Inc. and CP BF LENDING, LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed June 17, 2022) 

10.18 
 Employment Agreement between EBET, Inc. and Matthew
 Lourie (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed September 9, 2022) 

10.19 
 Separation of Employment letter between EBET, Inc.
 and James Purcell (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed September 9, 2022) 

33 

21 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to exhibit 21 to the Company s Form 10-K filed December 23, 2021) 

23.1 
 Consent of PWR CPA LLP 

23.2 
 Consent of BF Borgers LLP 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 + 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted. The Company hereby agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC, upon its request, an unredacted copy of this exhibit. 

Item 16. 
 10-K Summary 

None. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

EBET, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Aaron Speach 

Aaron Speach, 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Date: January 13, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Aaron Speach 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 January 13, 2023 
 
 Aaron Speech 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Matthew Lourie 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 January 13,
 2023 
 
 Matthew Lourie 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Michael Nicklas 
 
 Director 
 
 January 13,
 2023 
 
 Michael Nicklas 

/s/ Dennis Neilander 
 
 Director 
 
 January 13,
 2023 
 
 Dennis Neilander 

/s/ Christopher S. Downs 
 
 Director 
 
 January 13,
 2023 
 
 Christopher S. Downs 

35 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 ebet_ex0407.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit
4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES 

The following summary is a description of the
material terms of our capital stock. This summary is not complete, and is qualified by reference to our amended and restated articles
of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated
by reference herein. We encourage you to read our amended and restated articles of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and
the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes for additional information. 

Our amended and restated articles
of incorporation authorize us to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 

Common Stock 

Shares of our common stock have the following rights,
preferences and privileges: 

Voting 

Each holder of common stock is entitled to one
vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Any action at a meeting at which a quorum
is present will be decided by a majority of the voting power present in person or represented by proxy, except in the case of any election
of directors, which will be decided by a plurality of votes cast. There is no cumulative voting. 

Dividends 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive
dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for payment, subject to the rights of holders,
if any, of any class of stock having preference over the common stock. Any decision to pay dividends on our common stock will be at the
discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors may or may not determine to declare dividends in the future. The board s
determination to issue dividends will depend upon our profitability and financial condition any contractual restrictions, restrictions
imposed by applicable law and the SEC, and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 

Liquidation Rights 

In the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably on the basis of the number
of shares held in any of the assets available for distribution after we have paid in full, or provided for payment of, all of our debts
and after the holders of all outstanding series of any class of stock have preference over the common stock, if any, have received their
liquidation preferences in full. 

Other 

Our issued and outstanding shares of common stock
are fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of shares of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights. Shares of our common stock
are not convertible into shares of any other class of capital stock, nor are they subject to any redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

1 

Preferred Stock 

We are authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock. Our articles of incorporation authorizes the board to issue these shares in one or more series, to determine the designations
and the powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof, including the dividend rights, conversion or exchange rights, voting rights (including the number of votes per share), redemption
rights and terms, liquidation preferences, sinking fund provisions and the number of shares constituting the series. Our board of directors
could, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and
other rights of the holders of common stock and which could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire,
or of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. 

Series A Preferred Stock Offering 

On September 30, 2021, the Company entered into
subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain investors (the Investors ). Pursuant to
the Subscription Agreements, the Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and the Company agreed to issue and sell to such Investors
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock for a purchase price of 1,000.00 per share (the Private
Placement ). For each share of Preferred Stock issued, the Company issued the Investor a warrant to purchase 150 of the shares
of Company common stock underlying the Preferred Stock (the Warrants ). The aggregate Private Placement, which was completed
on November 29, 2021 was 37,700,000. 

The Preferred Stock is entitled to receive dividends,
at a rate of 14.0 per annum, in cash or in kind, which shall be payable quarterly in arrears on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October
1, beginning on the first such date after the issuance date and ending on the 18-month anniversary. With limited exceptions, the Preferred
Stock will have no voting rights. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company available to shareholders, an amount equal to the
greater of: (i) the purchase price for each share of Preferred Stock then held, or (ii) the amount the holders would have received had
the holders fully converted the Preferred Stock to Company common stock, in each case, before any distribution or payment shall be made
to the holders of the Company s common stock. The Preferred Stock is convertible into Company common stock at an initial conversion
price of 28.00 per share Conversion Price ); provided that the Conversion Price is subject to anti-dilution protection
upon any subsequent transaction at a price lower than the Conversion Price then in effect. In addition, on each of January 31, 2023 and
April 15, 2023 (each, an Adjustment Date ), the Conversion Price shall be adjusted to the lesser of: (i) the Conversion Price
in effect on the Adjustment Date, or (ii) 85 of the average closing price of the Company s common stock for the fifteen trading
days prior to the Adjustment Date. 

The Warrants expire on the fifth anniversary thereafter.
The Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of 5.00 per share, provided that the exercise price is subject to anti-dilution protection
upon any subsequent transaction at a price lower than the exercise price then in effect. The Warrants can be exercised on a cashless basis
if there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the shares of common
stock underlying the Warrants. 

The holders of the Preferred Stock and Warrants
will not have the right to convert or exercise any portion of the Preferred Stock and Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect
to such conversion, such holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the Company s
common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion or exercise. 

2 

Warrants and Convertible Notes 

On September 1, 2020, our wholly owned subsidiary,
ESEG Limited, entered into three domain purchase agreements. Each of the domain purchase agreements required the issuance of a 10 convertible
note in principal amount of 700,000 and the issuance of a warrant to purchase ordinary shares of ESEG. Two of these agreements also require
an additional cash payment after five years, totaling 675,000. Upon our acquisition of ESEG, we exchanged the ESEG securities issued
to the domain sellers for our securities. Accordingly, we issued each of the three domain seller a 10 convertible note in principal amount
of 700,000, which matures on March 1, 2022 and is convertible at the option of the holder at a conversion price of 0.50 per share, and
we issued the three domain sellers a five-year warrant to purchase 745,000 shares, 635,000 shares, and 635,000 shares, respectively, of
our common stock at an exercise price of 0.30 per share. Each of the foregoing convertible notes and warrants provide that no holder
of these notes or warrants will be permitted to convert such notes or exercise such warrants to the extent that the holder or any of its
affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of our common stock after such conversion or exercise. 

Articles of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws include
a number of anti-takeover provisions that may have the effect of encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral
takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions include: 

Advance Notice Requirements . Our bylaws
establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors
or new business to be brought before meetings of stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely
and given in writing to our corporate Secretary. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not
fewer than 120 calendar days prior to the first anniversary date on which our notice of meeting and related proxy statement were mailed
to stockholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting of stockholders. The notice must contain the information required
by the bylaws, including information regarding the proposal and the proponent. 

Special Meetings of Stockholders . Our bylaws
provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time by only the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer,
the President or the board of directors, or in their absence or disability, by any vice president. 

No Written Consent of Stockholders . Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that any action required or permitted to be taken by stockholders must be effected at a duly
called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such stockholders. 

Amendment of Bylaws . Our stockholders may
amend any provisions of our bylaws by obtaining the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of each class of issued and outstanding
shares of our voting securities, at a meeting called for the purpose of amending and/or restating our bylaws. 

Preferred Stock . Our articles of incorporation
authorizes our board of directors to create and issue rights entitling our stockholders to purchase shares of our stock or other securities.
The ability of our board to establish the rights and issue substantial amounts of preferred stock without the need for stockholder approval
may delay or deter a change in control of us. See Preferred Stock above. 

3 

Nevada Takeover Statute 

The Nevada Revised Statutes contain provisions
governing the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations. Nevada s acquisition of controlling interest 
statutes (NRS 78.378 through 78.3793, inclusive) contain provisions governing the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada
corporations. These control share laws provide generally that any person that acquires a controlling interest 
in certain Nevada corporations may be denied voting rights, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects
to restore such voting rights. These laws will apply to us if we were to have 200 or more stockholders of record (at least 100 of whom
have addresses in Nevada appearing on our stock ledger) and do business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation,
unless our articles of incorporation or bylaws in effect on the tenth day after the acquisition of a controlling interest provide otherwise.
These laws provide that a person acquires a controlling interest whenever a person acquires shares of a subject corporation
that, but for the application of these provisions of the NRS, would enable that person to exercise (1) one-fifth or more, but less than
one-third, (2) one-third or more, but less than a majority or (3) a majority or more, of all of the voting power of the corporation in
the election of directors. Once an acquirer crosses one of these thresholds, shares which it acquired in the transaction taking it over
the threshold and within the 90 days immediately preceding the date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling
interest become control shares to which the voting restrictions described above apply. These laws may have a chilling effect
on certain transactions if our amended and restated articles of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws are not amended to provide
that these provisions do not apply to us or to an acquisition of a controlling interest, or if our disinterested stockholders do not confer
voting rights in the control shares. 

Nevada s combinations with interested
stockholders statutes (NRS 78.411 through 78.444, inclusive) provide that specified types of business combinations 
between certain Nevada corporations and any person deemed to be an interested stockholder of the corporation are prohibited
for two years after such person first becomes an interested stockholder unless the corporation s board of directors
approves the combination (or the transaction by which such person becomes an interested stockholder in advance, or unless
the combination is approved by the board of directors and 60 of the corporation s voting power not beneficially owned by the interested
stockholder, its affiliates and associates. Furthermore, in the absence of prior approval certain restrictions may apply even after such
two-year period. For purposes of these statutes, an interested stockholder is any person who is (1) the beneficial owner,
directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (2) an affiliate or
associate of the corporation and at any time within the two previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or
more of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term combination is sufficiently
broad to cover most significant transactions between a corporation and an interested stockholder . These laws generally apply
to Nevada corporations with 200 or more stockholders of record. However, a Nevada corporation may elect in its articles of incorporation
not to be governed by these particular laws, but if such election is not made in the corporation s original articles of incorporation,
the amendment (1) must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock representing a majority of the outstanding voting power
of the corporation not beneficially owned by interested stockholders or their affiliates and associates, and (2) is not effective until
18 months after the vote approving the amendment and does not apply to any combination with a person who first became an interested stockholder
on or before the effective date of the amendment. We have not made such an election in our original articles of incorporation or in our
amended and restated articles of incorporation. 

Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws limit
the liability of our officers and directors and provide that we will indemnify our officers and directors, in each case, to the fullest
extent permitted by the Nevada Revised Statutes. We expect to obtain additional directors and officers liability insurance
coverage prior to the completion of this offering. 

Listing 

Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital
Market under the symbol EBET. 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent for our common stock is Continental
Stock Transfer and Trust located at 1 State Street, 30 th Floor, New York, NY 10004. 

4 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ebet_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

To Whom it May Concern 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Prospectus
constituting a part of Registration Statement Form S-8 (file number 333-256062), Registration Statement Form S-8 (file number 333-266678),
Registration Statement Form S-3 (file number 333-265538), Registration Statement Form S-3 (file number 333-266677) and Registration Statement
Form S-1 (file number 333-262228) of our report dated December 23, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and schedules
of EBET, Inc. appearing in the entity s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

We also consent to the reference to us under the caption Experts 
in the Prospectus. 

/s/PWR CPA, LLP 

PWR CPA, LLP 

 Houston, Texas 

 January 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ebet_ex2302.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-256062 and 333-266678), Forms S-3 (File Nos. 333-265538 and 333-266677) and
Form S-1 (File No. 333-262228) of our report dated January 13, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of EBET, Inc. as
of September 30, 2022 and to all references to our firm included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Certified Public Accountants 

 Lakewood, CO 

 January 13, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ebet_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION BY OFFICER 

I, Aaron Speach, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 of EBET, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Aaron Speech 

Aaron Speech 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ebet_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION BY OFFICER 

I, Matthew Lourie, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 of EBET, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew Lourie 

Matthew Lourie 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ebet_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF OFFICER 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350,
Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer
of EBET, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Form 10-K for the year ended September
30, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Aaron Speach 

Aaron Speech 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ebet_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF OFFICER 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350,
Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer
of EBET, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Form 10-K for the year ended September
30, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 13,
 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew Lourie 

Matthew Lourie 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 ebet-20220930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 ebet-20220930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 ebet-20220930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 ebet-20220930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

