<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1166708_0001493152-23-009729.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12130987</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>597668</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1915676</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4136820</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2266274</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2889551</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009729.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330160057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009729
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Brownie's Marine Group, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001166708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		IRS NUMBER:				300024898
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-99393
		FILM NUMBER:		23780544

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3001 NW 25TH AVENUE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			POMPANO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33069
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-462-5570

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3001 NW 25TH AVENUE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			POMPANO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33069

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED COMPANIES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020207

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009729.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
DC 20549 

FORM

(MARK
ONE) 

Annual
 Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Transition
 report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______. 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 Not
 applicable 
 
 Not
 applicable 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

 (Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232-405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files.) No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 file 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately . 

There
were shares of common stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 

Part I 
 3 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 16 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 16 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 16 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 16 

Part II 
 17 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 17 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved. 
 18 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 18 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 26 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 26 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 26 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 26 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 28 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 28 

Part III 
 28 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 28 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 30 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 32 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 34 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 35 

Part IV 
 36 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 36 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 37 

Signatures 
 38 

2 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This
Annual Report includes forward-looking statements that relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to differ materially from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. Words such as, but not limited to, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, 
 intend, plan, targets, likely, aim, will, would, 
 could, and similar expressions or phrases identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements
largely on our current expectations and future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results
of operation, business strategy and financial needs. 

You
should read thoroughly this Annual Report with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what
we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements including those made in Part I. Item 1A. Risk
Factors appearing elsewhere in this Report. Other sections of this Report include additional factors, which could adversely impact our
business and financial performance. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all
risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or
circumstances that exist after the date on which they are made, except as required by applicable law. 

PART
I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 

Unless
specifically set forth to the contrary, when used in this report references to the Company, we, our, 
 us, and similar terms refers to Brownie s Marine Group, Inc., a Florida corporation, and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
Trebor Industries, Inc., a Florida corporation Trebor doing business as Brownie s Third Lung, Brownie s High
Pressure Compressor Services, Inc. a Florida corporation BHP doing business as LW Americas LWA ), BLU3,
Inc., a Florida corporation BLU3 ), Submersible Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation SSI ), doing business
as Spare Air and Live Blue, Inc. LBI ), a Florida corporation. 

Overview 

The
Company, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, designs, tests, manufactures and distributes tankless dive systems, rescue air systems
and yacht-based self-contained underwater breathing apparatus SCUBA air compressor and nitrox generation fill systems
and acts as the exclusive distributor for North and South America for Lenhardt Wagner GmbH L W compressors
in the high-pressure breathing air and industrial gas markets. The Company is also the exclusive United States and Caribbean distributor
for Chrysalis Trading CC, a South African manufacturer of fitness and dive equipment, doing business as Bright Weights Bright
Weights ), of a dive ballast system produced in South Africa. 

On
September 3, 2021, the Company, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the Merger Agreement with Submersible Acquisition, Inc., a Florida corporation incorporated in 2017, and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Acquisition
Sub ), Submersible Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation Submersible or SSI ), and Summit Holdings V,
LLC, a Florida limited liability company Summit and Tierra Vista Group, LLC, a Florida limited liability company Tierra
Vista and, together with Summit, the Sellers ), the owners of all of the capital stock of Submersible, pursuant to
which Acquisition Sub merged with and into Submersible (the Merger ), and Submersible, the surviving corporation, became
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Submersible
is a manufacturer of high-pressure tanks and redundant air systems for the military and recreational diving industries, based in Huntington
Beach, California and sells its products to governments, militaries, private companies and the dive industry throughout the world. 

3 

On
February 13, 2022 the Company formed LBI, which is being developed as a full retail, guided tour and training model utilizing the technology
developed by BLU3 to provide new users and interested divers a guided tour experience, training, and the ability to purchase all of their
diving and watersports needs. 

On
May 2, 2022, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with Gold Coast Scuba,
LLC, a Florida limited liability company Gold Coast Scuba ), Steven M. Gagas and William Frenier, the sole members of Gold
Coast Scuba (together, the LLC Members and LBI. Pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, LBI acquired substantially
all of Gold Coast Scuba s assets and assumed certain non-material liabilities of the business associated with these assets. In
addition, LBI assumed the lease for the premises for Gold Coast Scuba. 

The
Company has five subsidiaries focused on various sub-sectors of our industry as described below: 

Brownie s
 Third Lung | Surface Supplied Air SSA 

BLU3,
 Inc. | Ultra-Portable Tankless Dive Systems 

LW
 Americas | High Pressure Gas Systems 

Submersible
 Systems, Inc. | Redundant Air Tank Systems 
 Live
 Blue, Inc. | Guided Tours 

Our
wholly owned subsidiaries do business under their respective trade names on both a wholesale and retail basis from our headquarters and
manufacturing facility in Pompano Beach, Florida, and a manufacturing facility in Huntington Beach, California. 

Surface
Supplied Air Products 

Our
Third Lung systems have been the market leader in gasoline powered, high-performance and more recently in the battery powered SSA diving
systems. Taking full advantage of our proprietary compressor system, a series of traditional fixed speed electric compressors
were developed for the built-in-boat market in 2005. In 2010, we introduced our variable-speed battery powered hookah system which provides
divers with gasoline-free all day shallow diving experiences. These systems provide performance and runtimes for up to 3 hours by utilizing
a variable speed technology that controls battery consumption based on diver demand. 

In
2022, we continued to expand our dealer network and our marketing efforts with both the consumer and our network of dealers. The Company
continues to pursue distributors and dealers outside of the United States in order to diversify the seasonality as well as geography
risks. Additionally, we continue to pursue more aggressively the boat builder market to offer our SSA systems as an option on newly built
boats, expanding our market beyond the traditional consumer markets for our products. 

Our
SSA products include: 

Tankless Dive Systems: The Company produces a line of tankless dive products, commonly called hookah or recreational SSA systems.
These systems allow one to four divers to enjoy the marine environment up to a depth of 45 feet without the bulk and weight of conventional
SCUBA gear. We believe that the removal of barriers to entry into the sport of diving and the reduction of complicated and bulky SCUBA
gear invites a broader range of the general public to participate more actively and enjoyably at their own pace and schedule. Our product
is designed to reduces the effort required for its transport and use while exploring, cruising or traveling. 

A
line of land-based systems is available for light-duty commercial applications that demand portability and performance. In addition to
the gasoline-powered units and the variable speed battery powered units, a series of AC electric powered systems is also available for
light to commercial use. Powered by battery for portability or household current for unlimited dive duration, these units are used primarily
by businesses that work in aquatic maintenance and marine environments. 

4 

BIAS (Boat Integrated Air Systems): The Company developed several tankless products and complimentary accessories that
it believes makes boat diving easier. The BIAS battery powered tankless kit allows boat builders, dealers and end users to seamlessly
install a pre-packaged kit directly into the boat and our E-Reel, a level-winding battery powered hose reel system, provides compact
storage of up to 150 feet of hose. Boaters can perform their own in-water maintenance and inspections, or just dive for enjoyment. In
addition to supplying air to divers, BIAS may be used for supporting air horns, inflating boat fenders/water toys and activating pneumatically
operated doors. 

Ultra-Portable
Tankless Dive Systems 

Through
our wholly owned subsidiary BLU3, we develop and market a next generation electric, surface supplied air shallow dive system that is
completely portable to the user. The BLU3 line currently consists of two models, NEMO and NOMAD, targeting specific performance levels
and price points. 

NEMO
dive systems are currently sold in various countries through Amazon, and also through dealers worldwide. NEMO, designed to be the world s
smallest dive system is capable of taking a diver to 10 feet for 60 to 90 minutes on one charge of its lithium-ion battery. NEMO is portable
and its batteries are FAA compliant for airline travel. 

NOMAD
dive system NOMAD began shipping in the third quarter of 2021 and is currently sold to consumers via our website, Amazon
and through our network of dealers worldwide. The NOMAD is highly portable and expands dive capability to up to 30 feet. NOMAD has been
marketed through BLU3 s internet presence and marketing campaigns as well as at industry and other trade shows across the country. 

BLU3 continues to innovate in
the SSA sector and currently expects to introduce a new product to its line-up in 2023. 

We
believe the BLU3 product lines are changing the way that people get into the water and explore the next atmosphere. The units are ultra-portable
and can travel with the consumer to their adventures, wherever they may be. 

High
Pressure Gas Systems 

Through
our wholly-owned subsidiary LW Americas, we design, manufacture, sell and install SCUBA tank fill systems for on-board yacht use under
the brand Yacht-Pro . Our systems provide complete diving solutions for yachts, including nitrox systems which allow
yacht owners to fill tanks with oxygen enriched air on board. The Yacht-Pro compressor systems offer a completely marine-prepared,
variable frequency drive VFD driven, automated alternative to other compressors on the market. We also design complete
dive lockers, mixed gas production and distribution systems, and the Nitrox Maker . Nitrox is oxygen-enriched air, which reduces
the effects of nitrogen on divers and is the industry standard for dive professionals. The Nitrox Maker continuously generates
oxygen rich breathing gas directly from low-pressure air with no stored oxygen or other gases required onboard. Our light duty compressor,
the new Yacht Pro Essential is specifically designed as a turn-key kit for the boat builders and is optimized to integrate to onboard
power systems and withstand the marine environment with all components and hardware impervious to spray from the elements. The Yacht
Pro series contains models for both medium-duty applications, such as recreational divers and small groups, and heavy-duty use
as found on research vessels, commercial operations and live-aboard dive boats. All Yacht Pro models come with the variable speed
frequency drive reducing the initial start-up power demand typically associated with high pressure compressor systems. 

5 

In
August 2017, we entered into a five-year exclusive distribution agreement with L W, which agreement automatically renews for successive
five-year terms unless terminated as provided for in the agreement. Under the terms of the Exclusive Distribution Agreement, we were
appointed the exclusive distributor of L W s complete product line in North America and South America, including the Caribbean.
We are conducting this business direct to end-users and establishing sales, distribution and service centers for high pressure air and
industrial gas systems in the dive, fire, CNG, military, scientific, recreational and aerospace industries under the brand name L W
Americas/LWA . 

We
are exclusively developing a sales, distribution and service capability to assist L W with completing a worldwide network of L W s
agencies and service centers. 

In
addition to breathing air compressors and related peripheral equipment, L W also offers compressors, storage and purification systems
to meet the high-pressure requirements for natural gas filling stations, and high-pressure inert gases such as argon, helium and nitrogen
for industrial applications including welding and laser cutting, and for general laboratory use. 

We
believe the product lines from L W, will allow LW Americas to offer high quality, competitive products into the first responder and
industrial market that utilize compressed air. Our goal will be to build a network of jobbers, dealers, installers and high-pressure
compressor distributors by leveraging our know-how, brand awareness, complimentary products and creating sustainable distribution and
core product original equipment manufacturer OEM integration relationships. 

Redundant
Air Tank Systems 

In
September 2021, the Company acquired SSI to further expand its product offerings and manufacturing capabilities. SSI has been manufacturing
redundant air systems for recreational divers, private companies and militaries throughout the world for more than 40 years. Their state-of-the-art
manufacturing facility in Huntington Beach, California is equipped to add to the machining and product development capabilities of the
Company. 

The
SSI acquisition gives the Company access to a world-wide base of in excess of 400 dealers and distributors, GSA contracting capability,
as well as the direct source for the redundant air needs for our Brownie s Third Lung and BLU3 diving equipment and expands warehousing
capabilities, reducing freight costs for both sets of customers. 

SSI
continues to innovate their technologies to meet changing military and commercial needs and is in development of the next generation
of their Helicopter Emergency Egress Device HEED product line, specifically designed for aircraft and military vehicle
use. Additionally, SSI has found use for their products in the medical field and continues to develop customer relationships in that
area to grow revenue and diversify its product and customer portfolio. 

6 

In
February 2022, the Company incorporated LBI to begin its expansion into the retail, training and guided tour market. The Company s
vision for LBI is to become a fully integrated retail experience where the Company s unique products can be showcased, training
can be offered, and a tourist model created. LBI will provide experienced based activities for the consumer in the various watersport
activities it sells. In addition, LBI aims to provide training in those activities with the goal to have the consumer purchase the equipment,
particularly the unique technologies provided by BLU3, from its retail stores. LBI looks to provide the full Live Blue experience for
those consumers ready to enjoy all things watersports. 

In
May 2022, LBI acquired the assets of Gold Coast Scuba, a dive retail and training facility based in Lauderdale-By-The-Sea, Florida.
This retail location is the base in which the Live Blue brand will be developed. 

Diving
and Snorkeling Industry 

The
Sports, Fitness Industry Association SFIA estimated there were 2.7 million participants in the U.S. scuba diving market
in 2022. According to a report published by SFIA in early 2023. The study further stated that the participation rate by casual divers
increased 22 in 2022. 

In
contrast, the SFIA study indicated that participation in snorkeling in 2022 was 7.7 million in the U.S. 

The
Company has entered the tourist market via a guided tour program within LBI that is currently intended to act as an incubator for a
scalable franchise model. The Company believes that the guided tour model is an important building block in introducing its battery
powered diving products to the consumer market. Additionally, this model will not only give consumers the opportunity to try
before you buy , but also provide experiential training for the consumer to increase enjoyment and safety of our diving
products. 

Yachting
Industry 

The
global luxury yacht market is estimated to be 8.91 billion in 2022 and expected to reach 9.38 billion in 2023 according to Allied Market
Research and is poised to grow at a compound annual growth rate CAGR of 5.4 from 2022 to 2030 to reach 13.6 billion,
according to Research and Markets.com, a market research firm, in their industry report dated April, 2022. The Company s BIAS systems
have been designed with this industry in mind. The Company markets directly to the yachting industry by leveraging its relationships
with large yacht servicing companies, yacht builders and yacht brokerages. 

The
recreational sailing and boating market and yachting industries also continue to grow. Grandview Research estimates that the recreational
boating market was valued at 44.5 billion in 2022 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4 through 2030. 

High
Pressure Compressor Line 

According
to Allied Market Research report published in February 2018, the North American high pressure compressor market is 880 million growing
at an estimated CAGR of 3 . 

7 

The
Company expects to continue to distribute L W compressors through its YachtPro, and BIAS systems, while continuing to focus on the
expansion of its distribution into non-marine related distribution channels that the Company believes should positively impact its market
reach. 

Intellectual
Property 

Trade
Names 

The
Company either owns or has licensed from entities in which Robert Carmichael, our Chairman, has an ownership interest, the following
registered and unregistered trade names, trademarks and service marks: Brownie s Third Lung , browniedive.com, Brownie s,
Brownie s Third Lung oval symbol, browniedive, YachtPro, NitroxMaker , BLU3, diveBLU3.com, BLU3 Nemo, BLU3-Vent, Submersible
Systems, Spare Air, HEED 3, Snorkelator, easy dive, spareair.com, HELO, RES, Gold Coast Scuba, fast float rescue harness, tankfill.com,
browniestankfill, browniestankfill.com, browniespublicsafety.com, browniespublicsafety, Peleton Hose System, Twin-Trim, and Kayak Diving
Hose Kit. 

The
Company owns the following patents: 

Patent
 number 
 
 Description 
 
 Issued
 Date 
 
 Expiration
 Date 
 
 Owned
 by 
 
 10,758,246 
 
 Abdominal
 Aortic Tourniquet 
 
 9/1/2020 
 
 3/17/2034 
 
 Trebor
 Industries, Inc. 
 
 9,782,182 
 
 Abdominal
 Aortic Tourniquet 
 
 10/10/2021 
 
 10/26/2033 
 
 Trebor
 Industries, Inc. 
 
 9,351,737 
 
 Abdominal
 Aortic Tourniquet 
 
 5/31/2016 
 
 3/2/2034 
 
 Trebor
 Industries, Inc. 
 
 11,265,625 
 
 Automated
 Self-Contained Hooka system with unobtrusive aquatic data recording 
 
 3/1/2022 
 
 10/30/2039 
 
 BLU3,
 Inc. 
 
 11,077,924 
 
 System
 for adjusting pressure limits based on depth of diver(s) 
 
 8/3/2021 
 
 3/20/2039 
 
 Brownie s
 Marine Group, Inc. 

Application
 number 
 
 Description 
 
 Filed
 Date 
 
 Owned
 by 
 
 17/683,502 
 
 Automated
 Self-Contained Hooka system with unobtrusive aquatic data recording 
 
 3/1/2022 
 
 BLU3,
 Inc. 
 
 17/389,648 
 
 System
 for adjusting pressure limits based on depth of diver(s) 
 
 7/30/2021 
 
 Brownie s
 Marine Group, Inc. 

License
Agreements 

On April 6, 2018, the Company entered into a patent license agreement (the
 STS Agreement with Setaysha Technical Solutions, LLC STS pursuant to which the Company licensed certain
intellectual property, including patent rights, non-patent rights and know-how from STS for use in our ultra-portable tankless dive system
products. Under the STS Agreement, the Company paid an initial license fee in April 2018 through the issuance of 759,422 shares of common
stock with a fair value of 30,000. The STS Agreement further provides for royalties based on annual net revenues. On December 31, 2019,
the Company entered into Addendum No. 1 to the STS Agreement Addendum No. 1 which amended the payments due upon the first
commercial sale of Nemo. Upon entering into Addendum No. 1, 8,250 was paid to STS in cash and 8,250 was paid on January 10, 2020. On
February 6, 2020, the Company issued 828,221 shares of common stock with a fair value of 18,635 in satisfaction of 13,500 for the first
commercial sale of the Nemo dive system. On June 30, 2020, the Company entered into Addendum No. 2 to the STS Agreement concerning STS s
assistance related to designing and commercializing certain diving products. Addendum No. 2 provides for a minimum yearly royalty of 60,000,
or 15,000 per fiscal quarter, beginning in December 2019 and increasing by 2.15 per year. With the introduction of the NOMAD in the
last quarter of 2021, the Company is obligated to pay an additional annual minimum royalty of 60,000 per year for the years 2022, 2023
and 2024, which increased the quarterly minimum royalty by 15,000 per quarter. On November 1, 2022 the Company issued to the designees
of STS 1,155,881 shares of common stock with a fair value of 30,000 in accordance with the STS Agreement. 

8 

Marketing 

Print
Literature, Public Relations, and Advertising 

We
have in-house graphic design capability to create and maintain product support literature, catalogs, mailings, web-based advertising,
newsletters, editorials, advertorials, and press releases. We also, from time-to-time, target specific markets by selectively advertising
in journals and magazines that we believe reach our potential customers. In addition, we strive to issue press releases, newsletters,
and social media postings periodically to keep the public informed of our latest products and related endeavors. 

Tradeshows 

In
2021, the Company was represented directly or indirectly at The Palm Beach Boat Show, The Annapolis Motor and Sailing Shows, The Fort
Lauderdale Boat show, Diving Equipment and Manufacturing show. In 2022, the Company expanded its marketing reach via tradeshows by attending
all shows attended in 2021, The Seattle Boat Show, The Dubai Boat Show, and the HAI Heli-Expo, along with various other trade and industry
shows. 

Websites 

We
sell our products online through our and our subsidiaries websites and many of our products are marketed on some of our customers 
websites. In addition to these websites, numerous other websites have quick links to the Company s website. Our products are available
both domestically and internationally. Internet sales and inquiries are also supported by the Company. 

Product
Research and Development 

Research
and development costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and were 18,393 and 75,439, respectively, none of
which cost is borne directly by customers. 

Government
Regulation 

The
SCUBA industry is self-regulating; therefore, the Company is not subject to government industry specific regulation. However, SSI, our
tank manufacturing company is subject to Department of Transportation DOT regulation and testing of each of their tanks.
The Company strives to promote safe diving practices within the industry and believes it is at the forefront of self-regulation through
responsible diving practices. The Company is subject to all regulations applicable to for profit companies as well as all
trade and general commerce governmental regulation. All required federal and state permits, licenses, and bonds to operate its facility
have been obtained. 

Distribution/Customers 

The
Company has historically been predominantly a wholesale distributor to retail dive stores, marine stores, boat dealers, builders, and
the US and international militaries. Currently, the Company generates a significant amount of direct-to-consumer sales via its websites
and its relationship with Amazon via BLU3, BTL and SSI. Retail sales customers include boat owners, recreational divers, commercial divers
and pilots. The Company sells products to three entities owned by the brother of Robert Carmichael, the Company s Chairman, and
two companies owned by Mr. Carmichael. Combined sales to these six entities for 2022 and 2021, represented 11.4 and 17.9 , respectively,
of total net revenues. 

The
majority of L W high pressure compressors and NitroxMaker systems have been sold to commercial dive stores, dive operators
(resorts and liveaboard dive boats), yacht builders, yacht owners, and high-pressure compressor distributors. 

Sales
of YachtPro compressor systems have been split between retail sales directly to consumers and wholesale sales to OEM boat builders/resellers/brokers. 

9 

Suppliers/Raw
Materials 

Principal
raw materials for our business include machined parts such as rods, pistons, bearings, hoses, regulators, compressors, engines, high-pressure
valves and fittings, sewn goods, and various plastic parts including pans, covers, intake staffs, and quick release connections which
are typically purchased on a per order basis. Most materials are readily available from multiple vendors. Some materials require greater
lead times than other materials. Accordingly, we strive to avoid out of stock situations through careful monitoring of these inventory
lead times, and through avoiding single source vendors whenever possible. Principle suppliers include Lenhardt Wagner GmbH, Xometry,
Inc., Burgess Manufacturing Corp, Bix International, Inc., Carrol Stream Motor Company, Zhejiang Xiangyang Gear Electormechan, Co, Tian
Li He Technology Co, Ltd, Xiamen Feipeng Insdustry Co. Ltd. and Catalina Cylinders, Inc. 

Competition 

We
consider the most significant competitive factors in our business to be innovation, lifestyle, fair prices, shopping convenience, variety
of available products, knowledgeable and prompt customer service and rapid and accurate order fulfillment. We currently have one significant
competitor within the BTL business model, Airline by JSink, Inc. There are a variety of competitors, including Aqua Lung America, Coltri
America and Bauer Compressors, Inc. in our redundant air tank systems and high-pressure compressor systems sales. In 2022 competition
has surfaced in the BLU3 business segment from companies such as AirBuddy, and a few other very low-cost Chinese manufactured competitors. 

Overall,
we are operating in a moderately competitive environment. The price structure for all the products we distribute compares favorably with
the majority of our competitors based on quality and available features. We believe that our key competitive advantage is our ability
to create new products and, in some cases, new markets. 

Employees

We
currently have thirty-six full-time employees, and four part-time employees. 

Seasonality

Our
product lines have historically been seasonal in nature in the United States. The peak season for the diving related products, BTL, BLU3,
SSI and LBI is the second and third quarters of the year. The peak season for high pressure products is typically the fourth and first
quarters of the year. The Company continues to address the seasonality of the business by expanding its reach beyond the traditional
markets in the U.S. to other areas of the world that may somewhat offset the seasonality. 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors. 

Investing
in our common stock involves risks. In addition to the other information contained in this report, you should carefully consider the
following risks before deciding to purchase our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks might cause you to lose all
or a part of your investment. Some statements in this report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking
statements. Please refer to Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for more information regarding forward-looking
statements. 

FINANCIAL
RISKS 

We
have a history of losses. 

We
incurred net losses of 1,892,891 and 1,588,467, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. On December 31, 2022 we
had an accumulated deficit of 16,437,495. While our revenues increased 37.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2021, and our
gross profit margin increased from 30.3 in 2021 to 32.6 in 2022, our gross profit is not sufficient to cover our operating expenses
of 4,644,596 and 3,742,262 for the twelve months ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Operating expenses include non-cash
stock compensation expenses of 962,474 and 1,154,801 for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the year ended
December 31, 2022, our selling, general and administrative expenses, increased 19.8 from 2021. There are no assurances that we will
be able to increase our revenues to a level which supports profitable operations and provide sufficient capital to pay our operating
expenses and other obligations as they become due. 

10 

Our
auditors have raised substantial doubts as to our ability to continue as a going concern . 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt relating to our
ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2022. We have recurring losses from operations and had a net loss of approximately 1,732,000 and have used approximately
 678,400 in net cash in our operations in the year ended December 31, 2022 as well as an accumulated deficit of approximately
 16,437,000. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our principal sources of
liquidity are sales of equity and debt securities. We do not have any firm commitments to raise additional working capital. As we
are a small company who stock is quoted on the OTC Markets, we expect to encounter difficulty in raising working capital upon terms
and conditions satisfactory to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding or generate sufficient revenues, our
business and results of operations will be adversely affected, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. 

We
rely on revenues from related parties. 

We
generate revenues from sales to related parties, which accounted for 11.4 of our net revenues in 2022 and 17.9 of our net revenues
in 2021. The loss of revenues from these related parties would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations
and financial condition in future periods. 

We
depend on licenses with Robert Carmichael, our Chairman, who owns much of our intellectual property. 

The Company has licensed from entities in which Robert
Carmichael, our Chairman, has an ownership interest, the following registered and unregistered trade names, trademarks and service marks:
Brownie s Third Lung , browniedive.com, Brownie s, Brownie s Third Lung oval symbol, browniedive, YachtPro. Failure
to maintain such licenses with Mr. Carmichael would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business
and the trading price of our stock. 

Our
management has previously determined that we did not maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting. For a detailed description
of these material weaknesses and our remediation efforts and plans, see Part II, Item 9A-Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report.
If the result of our remediation of the identified material weaknesses is not successful, or if additional material weaknesses are identified
in our internal control over financial reporting, our management will be unable to report favorably as to the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting and/or our disclosure controls and procedures, and we could be required to further implement expensive
and time-consuming remedial measures and potentially lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports
which could have an adverse effect on our stock price and potentially subject us to litigation. 

The U.S. Consumer Products Safety Commission CPSC has issued a voluntary recall for one of our products. 

On December
22, 2022, the CPSC issued a voluntary recall notice for the Nomad tankless dive system, which is distributed by BLU3, Inc. As part of the
recall procedure, the CPSC has approved the Company s proposed remedy for the recall and BLU3 will begin to receive units back from
consumers to repair affected Nomad units. The Company has evaluated the costs of this recall and has deemed it necessary to set a reserve
for those costs related to the recall of 160,500. However, the Company is unable to currently calculate the full financial impact
to the Company over the long term, and whether it may have a material adverse impact on the financial condition of the Company in future
periods. 

BUSINESS
AND OPERATIONAL RISKS 

We
are dependent upon certain key members of management and qualified employees and consultants. 

Our
success depends to a significant degree on the abilities and efforts of our senior management. and on our ability to attract, retain
and motivate highly qualified marketing, technical, engineering and sales personnel and consultants. These people are in high demand
and often have competing employment opportunities. The labor market for skilled employees is highly competitive and we may lose key employees
or be forced to increase their compensation to retain these people. Employee turnover could significantly increase our recruitment, training
and other related employee costs. The loss of key personnel, or the failure to attract qualified personnel, could result in delays in
development or fulfillment of any current strategic and operational plans and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

11 

Our
failure to obtain and enforce intellectual property protection may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability, and the ability of our patent and trademark licensors, and entities owned and controlled by Robert
Carmichael to obtain and defend our intellectual property, including patent protection for our products and processes, preserve our trade
secrets, defend and enforce our rights against infringement and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties, both
in the United States and in other countries. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual proprietary rights, existing copyright,
trademark and trade secret laws afford only limited protection. 

Our
industry is characterized by frequent intellectual property litigation based on allegations of infringement of intellectual property
rights. Although we are not aware of any intellectual property claims against us, we may be a party to litigation in the future. 

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to adequately protect, or uncertainty regarding validity, enforceability
or scope of them could undermine our competitive position and reduce the value of our products and brand, and litigation to protect our
intellectual property rights may be costly. 

We
attempt to strengthen and differentiate our product portfolio by developing new and innovative products and product improvements. As
a result, our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights are important assets to us. Various
events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights as well as to our products and services. For example,
effective intellectual property protection may not be available in countries in which our products are sold. Also, although we have registered
our trademark in various jurisdictions, our efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant
impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Litigation might be necessary to protect
our intellectual property rights and any such litigation may be costly and may divert our management s attention from our core
business. An adverse determination in any lawsuit involving our intellectual property is likely to jeopardize our business prospects
and reputation. Although we are not aware of any of such litigation, we have no insurance coverage against litigation costs, and we would
be forced to bear all litigation costs if we cannot recover them from other parties. All foregoing factors could harm our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Any unauthorized use of our intellectual property could harm our operating results. 

We
may be exposed to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties, which, if determined against us, could adversely affect our
business and subject us to significant liability to third parties. 

Our
success mainly depends on our ability to use and develop our technology and product designs without infringing upon the intellectual
property rights of third parties. We may be subject to litigation involving claims of patent infringement or violations of other intellectual
property rights of third parties. Holders of patents and other intellectual property rights potentially relevant to our product offerings
may be unknown to us, which may make it difficult for us to acquire a license on commercially acceptable terms. There may also be technologies
licensed to us and that we rely upon that are subject to infringement or other corresponding allegations or claims by third parties which
may damage our ability to rely on such technologies. In addition, although we endeavor to ensure that companies that work with us possess
appropriate intellectual property rights or licenses, we cannot fully avoid the risks of intellectual property rights infringement created
by suppliers of components used in our products or by companies we work with in cooperative research and development activities. Our
current or potential competitors may obtain patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our products.
The defense of intellectual property claims, including patent infringement suits, and related legal and administrative proceedings can
be both costly and time consuming, and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical personnel and management.
These factors could effectively prevent us from pursuing some or all of our business operations and result in our customers or potential
customers deferring, canceling or limiting their purchase or use of our products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

12 

We
may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

The
laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions.
This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement or the misappropriation of our intellectual property rights. Many foreign
countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries
limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries,
patents may provide limited or no benefit. Patent protection must ultimately be sought on a country-by-country basis, which is an expensive
and time-consuming process with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly, we may choose not to seek patent protection in certain countries, and
we will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries. 

Proceedings
to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts from other aspects of
our business. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In addition,
changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate
protection for our technology and the enforcement of intellectual property. 

We
rely on third party vendors and manufacturers. 

We
deal with suppliers on an order-by order basis and have no long-term purchase contracts or other contractual assurances of continued
supply or pricing. In addition, we have no long-term contracts with our manufacturing sources and compete with other companies for production
facility capacity. Historically, we have purchased enough inventories of products or their substitutes to satisfy demand. However, unanticipated
failure of any manufacturer or supplier to meet our requirements or our inability to build or obtain substitutes could force us to curtail
or cease operations. Certain of our product components are manufactured in China. Due to Covid, and the logistics challenges existing
currently, we have experienced delays and may experience continued delays in our supply chain, including component products, which are
manufactured in China. Our senior management will continue to monitor our situation on a daily basis; however, we expect that these factors
and others we have yet to experience may materially adversely impact our company, its business and operations for the foreseeable future. 

We
are dependent on consumer discretionary spending. 

The
success of our business depends largely upon a number of factors related to consumer spending, including current and future economic
conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as employment, business conditions, tax rates, and interest rates. In times of economic
uncertainty, consumers tend to defer expenditures for discretionary items, which effects demand for our products. Any significant deterioration
in overall economic conditions that diminishes consumer confidence or discretionary income can reduce our sales and adversely affect
our financial results. The impact of weakening consumer credit markets; layoffs; corporate restructurings; higher fuel prices; declines
in the value of investments and residential real estate; and increases in federal and state taxation can all negatively affect our results.
There can be no assurance that in this type of environment consumer spending will not decline, thereby adversely affecting our growth,
net sales and profitability or that our business will not be adversely affected by continuing or future downturns in the economy, boating
industry, or dive industry. If declines in consumer spending on recreational marine accessories and dive gear are other than temporary,
we could be forced to curtail or cease operations. 

Government
regulations may impact us. 

The
SCUBA industry is self-regulating, therefore, from an industry perspective the Company is not subject to government industry specific
regulation. However, our tank manufacturing operation is required to comply with DOT, as well as being approved to sell in various countries
outside of the United States. The Company strives to be a leader in promoting safe diving practices within the industry and is at the
forefront of self-regulation through responsible diving practices. The Company is subject to all regulations applicable to for
profit companies as well as all trade and general commerce governmental regulation. All required federal and state permits, licenses,
and bonds to operate its facility have been obtained. There can be no assurance that our operations will not be subject to more restrictive
regulations in the future, which could force us to curtail or cease operations. 

13 

Our
failure to adequately protect personal information that is collected on our website and our third-party payment platforms could have
a material adverse effect on our business. 

A
wide variety of local, state, national, and international laws, directives and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection,
disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data (including with respect to the European Union s General Data Protection
Regulation and U.S. state laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act). These data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations
continue to evolve and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions
and increased costs of compliance. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or to protect such data, could result
in enforcement actions against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by end-customers
and other affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill (both in relation to existing end-customers and prospective
end-customers), any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance, and business. Changing definitions
of personal data and personal information, within the European Union, the United States, and elsewhere may limit or inhibit our ability
to operate or expand our business, including limiting strategic partnerships that may involve the sharing of data. The evolving data
protection regulatory environment may require significant management attention and financial resources to analyze and modify our information
technology infrastructure to meet these changing requirements all of which could reduce our operating margins and impact our operating
results and financial condition. 

Bad
weather could have an adverse effect on operating results. 

Our
business is significantly impacted by weather patterns. Unseasonably cool weather, extraordinary amounts of rainfall, or unseasonably
rough surf, may decrease boat use and diving, thereby decreasing sales. Accordingly, our results of operations for any prior period may
not be indicative of results of any future period. 

The
manufacture and distribution of recreational diving equipment could result in product liability claims. 

We,
like any other retailer, distributor and manufacturer of products that are designed for recreational sporting purposes, face an inherent
risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products results in injury. Such claims may include, among
other things, that our products are designed and/or manufactured improperly or fail to include adequate instructions as to proper use
and/or side effects, if any. We do not obtain indemnification from parties supplying raw materials , manufacturing our products
or marketing our products. In the event that we do not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification, product liabilities relating
to defective products could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial conditions, which could force us to curtail
or cease our business operations. 

The
worldwide impact from the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact our business. 

While
we have been relatively successful in navigating such impact to date, we have previously been affected by temporary manufacturing closures,
and employment and compensation adjustments. There are also ongoing related risks to our business depending on the progression of the
pandemic, and recent trends in certain regions have indicated potential returns to limited or closed government functions, business activities
and person-to-person interactions. Global trade conditions and consumer trends may further adversely impact us and our industries. For
example, pandemic-related issues have exacerbated port congestion and intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulting in additional
expenses to expedite delivery of critical parts. Similarly, increased demand for personal electronics has created a shortfall of microchip
supply, and it is yet unknown how we may be impacted. We cannot predict the duration or direction of current global trends from this
pandemic, the sustained impact of which is largely unknown, is rapidly evolving and has varied across geographic regions. Ultimately,
we continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will
have to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce and other resources accordingly. 

14 

SHAREHOLDER
RISKS 

The
issuance of shares of our common stock upon exercise of our outstanding options, warrants, convertible debt and Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock may cause immediate and substantial dilution to our existing shareholders. 

We
presently have vested and unvested options, warrants, convertible debt and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that if exercised would
result in the issuance of an additional 266,722,242 shares of our common stock. The issuance of shares upon exercise of options will
result in dilution to the interests of other shareholders. 

Our
common stock may be affected by limited trading volume and may fluctuate significantly. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets. There is a limited public market for our common stock and there can be no
assurance that an active trading market for our common stock will develop. As a result, this could adversely affect our shareholders 
ability to sell our common stock in short time periods, or possibly at all. Thinly traded common stock can be more volatile than common
stock traded in an active public market. Our common stock has experienced, and is likely to experience in the future, significant price
and volume fluctuations, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance.
In addition, we believe that factors such as quarterly fluctuations in our financial results and changes in the overall economy or the
condition of the financial markets could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. 

Our
company is a voluntary filer with the SEC and in the event that we cease reporting under the Exchange Act, investors would have limited
information available to them about the company. 

While
we voluntarily file reports with the SEC under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), we do not have a class of securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. To the extent that our duty to
file Exchange Act reports has automatically suspended under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as a voluntary filer, we may elect to
cease reporting under the Exchange Act at such time which would limit the information available to investors and shareholders about the
company. 

Our
common stock is deemed to be penny stock, which may make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares due to suitability
requirements. 

Our
common stock is deemed to be penny stock as that term is defined under the Exchange Act. Penny stocks generally are equity
securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges. Our common stock
is covered by an SEC rule that imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other
than established customers and accredited investors, which are generally institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000, or individuals
with net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. 

Broker/dealers
dealing in penny stocks are required to provide potential investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks. Moreover, broker/dealers
are required to determine whether an investment in a penny stock is a suitable investment for a prospective investor. These requirements
may reduce the potential market for our common stock by reducing the number of potential investors. This may make it more difficult for
investors in our common stock to sell shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose of them. This could cause our stock price to decline. 

Our
officers and directors are able to control the Company. 

Our
officers and directors and their affiliates own or have the right to vote a majority of the common stock of our company. As a result,
they have significant influence over the management and affairs of the Company and control over matters requiring stockholder approval,
including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets.
Their interests may differ from the interests of other shareholders and thus result in corporate decisions that are disadvantageous to
other shareholders. This concentration of ownership and influence in management and board decision-making could also harm the price of
our capital stock by, among other things, discouraging a potential acquirer from seeking to acquire shares of our capital stock (whether
by making a tender offer or otherwise) or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

15 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item
 2. 
 Properties.

Pompano
Beach, FL 

Our
Pompano Beach, Florida facilities are comprised of two adjoining properties totaling approximately 16,566 square feet of leased space
the bulk of which is factory and warehouse space. The initial 37-month lease covering approximately 8,541 square feet commenced on September
1, 2014. The lease provided for payment of a 5,367 security deposit, base rent of approximately 4,000 per month over the term of the
lease plus sales tax, and payment of 10.76 of annual operating expenses for common areas maintenance, subject to periodic adjustment.
On December 1, 2016, we entered into an amendment to the initial lease agreement, commencing on October 1, 2017, which extended the term
of the lease for an additional 84 months, expiring September 30, 2024. The base rent was increased to 4,626 per month with a 3 annual
escalation throughout the amended term. 

On
November 11, 2018, the Company entered a new 69-month lease agreement for an additional 8,025 square feet adjoining its existing facility
in Pompano Beach, Florida. The new lease provided for a 6,527 security deposit, an initial base rent of approximately 4,848 per month
escalating at 3 per year during the term of the lease plus Florida state sales tax and payment of 10.11 of the building s annual
operating expenses for common area maintenance, subject to adjustment as provided in the lease. 

Huntington
Beach, California 

Our
Huntington Beach, California facility is comprised of a leased 13,000 square foot free standing building of which the bulk of the square
footage is warehouse and manufacturing space. The initial lease, signed in January, 2013 was for five years with a base rent of 7,410. 

On
January 4, 2018, the Company entered into a sixty-one month term lease renewal for its facility in Huntington Beach, California, commencing
on February 1, 2018. Base rent is approximately 9,300 per month for the first 12 months with a 2.5 annual escalation throughout the
term. The Company paid a security deposit of 8,450 with the initial lease that the landlord continues to hold. 

On September 14, 2022, SSI entered into a sixty-month
lease renewal for its facility in Huntington Beach, California commencing on February 1, 2022. Base rent is approximately 17,550 per
month for the first 24 months with an annual escalation clause of 3.0 thereafter. Obligations under the lease are guaranteed by the Company.
The Company paid an additional security deposit of 10,727 upon entering into the lease. 

On
September 30, 2022, SSI entered into a sublease of its facility in Huntington Beach, California with Camburg Engineering, Inc.( Tenant commencing October 1, 2022, The term of the sublease is through December 31, 2023 with a base monthly rent of 2,247 for the first twelve
months with an 3 annual escalation thereafter. The Tenant also pays a monthly common area maintenance of 112. The Tenant provided a
security deposit of 2,426 upon entering into the sublease. 

Lauderdale-By-The-Sea,
Florida 

On
May 2, 2022, LBI, entered into a lease assignment agreement with Gold Coast Scuba, LLC and Vicnsons Realty Group, LLC whereby LBI is
the assignee to the remainder of the lease for approximately 1,600 square feet of retail space located at 259 Commercial Blvd., Suites 2 and 3 in Lauderdale-By-The Sea,
Florida. The lease is in its third year of a three-year term and has a 2,816 per month base rent. The lease provides an option to renew
for an additional term of two years with an increase of base rent by 3.5 

We
believe that the facilities are suitable for their intended purpose, are being efficiently utilized and provide adequate capacity to
meet demand for the foreseeable future. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 

There
are no pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of ours, any owner of record
or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, or security holder is a party adverse to us or has a material
interest adverse to us. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosure. 

Not
applicable. 

16 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The
Company s common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol BWMG . On March 28, 2023, the
closing sale price of our common stock was 0.02395 per share. 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of March 28, 2023, the Company had approximately 448 shareholders of record. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend
to retain any earnings, if any, to finance the growth of the business. We cannot assure you that we will ever pay cash dividends. Whether
we pay any cash dividends in the future will depend on our financial condition, results of operations and other factors that the board
of directors will consider. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights ) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Plans approved by our shareholders (1) 
 3,467,647 
 .0400 
 21,532,353 
 
 Plans not approved by shareholders (2) 
 234,971,520 
 .0361 
 - 

(1)
Represents stock options granted to employees under the Equity Compensation Plan as described in Item 10 of this Annual Report. 25,000,000
shares are reserved for issuance under the Plan. 

(2)
Represents (i) five-year options granted to each of Robert Carmichael, Mikkel Pitzner and Blake Carmichael to purchase an aggregate of
35,295,237 shares of common stock at 0.018 per share, (ii) a three-year option to purchase 2,000,000 shares of common stock at 0.0229
per share to Jeffrey Guzy, a former director, (iii) a three-year option to purchase 2,000,000 shares of common stock at 0.0229 per share
to Biz Launch Advisors, LLC, a formal financial consultant, (iv) a three-year option to purchase an aggregate of 125,000,000 shares of
common stock at 0.045 per share and a to Robert Carmichael, (v) a five-year option to purchase 5,434,783 shares of common stock at 0.0184
per share, a four-year option to purchase an aggregate of 30,000,000 shares of common stock at 0.0184 per share and a five year option
to purchase 2,403,846 shares of common stock at .0401 per share, and a five-year option to purchase 3,968,254 at .0252 per share to
Christopher Constable (vi) a five-year option to purchase an aggregate of 21,759,400 shares of common stock at 0.0399 per share to Blake
Carmichael, (vii) a five-year option to purchase 7,110,000 shares of common stock at 0.0531 per share to Christeen Buban, President
of SSI. 

17 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except
as set forth below, there were no sales of equity securities during the period covered by this Report that were not registered under
the Securities Act and were not previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company. 

On
November 1, 2022, the Company issued 1,155,881 shares of common stock as required by the STS agreement for relating milestones reached
for sales of the Nemo and Nomad dive systems. 

On
December 13, 2022, the Company issued 5,714,285 units to Charles F. Hyatt, with each unit consisting of one share of common
stock and a two-year common stock purchase warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0175 per share in
consideration of 100,000. 

On
December 31, 2022, the Company issued 198,204 shares of common stock to the holders of convertible notes for payment of interest for
the three months ending December 31, 2022. 

The
above issuances did not involve any underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering and we believe are exempt
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(2) thereof and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

Item
 6. 
 Reserved 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements
and related notes appearing in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere
in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, our actual results could differ materially from the results described
in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Forward-looking statements represent
our management s beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report. Actual future results may be materially different
from what we expect. We undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after
the date on which they are made, except as required by federal securities and any other applicable law. 

The
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our audited financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 

Recent
Developments 

On
December 22, 2022, the CPSC issued a recall notice for the Nomad tankless
dive system, which is distributed by BLU3, Inc. As part of the recall procedure, the CPSC has approved the Company s proposed remedy
for the recall and BLU3 will begin to receive units back from consumers to repair affected Nomad units. Additionally, BLU3 will re-start
its manufacturing process for the Nomad tankless dive system utilizing the material and design changes approved during the recall process,
and immediately re-establish the product in all of its sales channels. The Company has set an allowance for expenses related to this recall of 160,500. 

18 

Impact
of COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
Company has previously been affected by temporary manufacturing closures, and employment and compensation adjustments. The market continues
to suffer from the impacts of the pandemic via supply chain shortages and freight delays. The continued freight delays have and will
likely continue to result in additional expenses to expedite delivery of critical parts. Additionally, increased demand for personal
electronics has created a shortfall of microchip supply which are used in our battery powered products, and it is yet unknown how we
may be impacted. 

We
continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will have
to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce and other resources accordingly. 

Results
of Operations 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Overall,
our net revenues increased 37.7 in 2022 from 2021, which included an increase of 48.6 in net revenue from sales to third parties
and a decrease of 12.0 in sales to related parties. Our cost of revenues in 2022 was 67.4 of our total net revenues as compared
to 69.7 in 2021. Included in our cost of revenues are royalty expenses we pay to Robert Carmichael which decreased 18.4 in 2022
from 2021. We reported a gross profit margin of 32.6 in 2022 as compared to 30.3 in 2021. 

Net
Revenues 

The
following tables provide net revenues, costs of revenues, and gross profit margins for our segments for 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 change 

Legacy SSA Products 
 2,601,622 
 2,897,210 
 (10.2 
 
 High Pressure Gas Systems 
 1,118,081 
 616,039 
 81.5 
 
 Ultra-Portable Tankless Dive Systems 
 3,052,192 
 2,241,359 
 36.2 
 
 Redundant Air Tank Systems 
 1,592,601 
 472,771 
 236.9 
 
 Guided Tour Retail 
 212,876 
 - 
 100.0 
 
 Total revenue 
 8,577,372 
 6,227,379 
 37.7 

Cost
of revenues as a percentage of net revenues 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Legacy SSA Products 
 74.6 
 74.6 
 
 High Pressure Gas Systems 
 61.8 
 62.7 
 
 Ultra-Portable Tankless Dive Systems 
 61.2 
 64.1 
 
 Redundant Air Tank Systems 
 69.7 
 74.5 
 
 Guided Tour Retail 
 82.2 
 - 

19 

Gross
profit margins 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Legacy SSA Products 
 25.4 
 25.4 
 
 High Pressure Gas Systems 
 38.3 
 37.3 
 
 Ultra-Portable Tankless Dive Systems 
 38.8 
 35.9 
 
 Redundant Air Tank Systems 
 30.3 
 25.4 
 
 Guided Tour Retail 
 17.8 
 - 

SSA
Products segment 

The decrease in net revenues of 10.2 from this segment for the year ended
December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 can be attributed to decrease in revenue to the dealer base in 2022.
Related party dealer revenue decreased by 13.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022 which is demand that shifted from BTL to BLU3 according
to the customer. Other parts of the dealer base chose to remain conservative on their inventory balances through the end of the third
quarter of 2022 and all of fourth quarter of 2022 due to economic uncertainties. BTL also saw a decrease in affiliate sales as these
customers were not as active in the marketplace in 2022 as they were in prior years. These decreases were offset by an increase of 4.0 
in direct-to-consumer sales from our website and factory store, as compared to 2021. Other Customers increased 201.4 for 2022, from the
year ended December 31, 2021, as sales through Amazon are included in Other Customers, and BTL experienced increased activity from Amazon
with the Bright Weights line of products now available on that website. 

Our aggregate costs of revenues
as a percentage of net revenues in this segment remained stable at 74.6 for year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December
31, 2021. The Company was able to offset cost increases from 2021 to 2022 for the components in their finished goods with price increases
at all levels. Additionally, the change is the customer mix also allowed the Company to retain more margin at a time of rising costs. 

Revenue
channels for this segment are set forth below. Direct to Consumer represents items sold via our website, trade shows and walk-ins to
our factory store. Dealer revenue represents sales to customers that have dealer agreements that typically operate with the lowers margin.
Affiliates are resellers of our products that do not have formal dealer agreements. Other represents all other sales, inclusive of Amazon
sales, which do not fit in any of the categories. 

Net Revenue 
 
 Cost of Sales as a of Net Revenue 
 Margin as a of Net Revenue 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Direct to Consumer (website included) 
 931,505 
 895,348 
 4.0 
 71.9 
 62.5 
 28.1 
 37.5 
 
 Dealers 
 1,538,460 
 1,888,233 
 (18.5 
 77.3 
 79.9 
 22.7 
 20.1 
 
 Affiliates 
 63,467 
 97,222 
 (34.7 
 35.1 
 61.6 
 64.9 
 38.4 
 
 Other 
 68,190 
 16,407 
 315.6 
 89.0 
 201.4 
 11.0 
 (101.4 
 
 Total 
 2,601,622 
 2,897,210 
 (10.2 
 74.6 
 74.6 
 25.4 
 25.4 

High
Pressure Gas Systems segment 

Sales of high-pressure breathing
air compressors had an 81.5 increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. All sectors
showed improvement over the previous year. As a percentage of revenue, the direct-to-consumer sector, which included yacht owners and
direct to dive stores, had the most significant increase year over year of 154.3 . The demand from dive stores in the Caribbean increased
as the region has recovered from COVID and began to re-invest into new equipment for their facilities. The reseller sector improved 90.2 
year over year from 2021 to 2022. This can be directly attributed to the addition of a new distribution customer in Mexico. The OEM sector
also showed an increase of 23.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as the LWA continued
to supply boat and yacht builders with their equipment. 

20 

Our
costs of revenues as a percentage of net revenues in this segment improved from 62.7 to 61.7 for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. This can be attributed to the change is sales mix with increasing direct to consumer sales which tend to carry higher margins. 

Net Revenue 
 Cost of Goods Sold as a of Net Revenue 
 Gross Margin as a of Revenue 

2022 
 2021 
 change 
 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Resellers 
 660,178 
 347,034 
 90.2 
 67.3 
 63.6 
 32.7 
 36.4 
 
 Direct to Consumers 
 245,097 
 96,380 
 154.3 
 53.1 
 68.9 
 46.9 
 31.1 
 
 Original Equipment Manufacturers 
 212,806 
 172,625 
 23.3 
 54.4 
 57.3 
 45.6 
 42.7 
 
 Total 
 1,118,081 
 616,039 
 81.5 
 61.7 
 62.7 
 38.3 
 37.3 

Ultra-Portable Tankless Dive Systems 

Net revenues in this segment increased 36.2 for the year ended December
31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. In early November 2022, BLU3 recognized a flaw in the Nomad dive system that
could result in a loss of air for the diver and filed with the CSPC for a voluntary
recall and stopped selling the Nomad dive system until a fix could be created. The recall application with the fix was approved by the
CPSC in January 2023. Notwithstanding the foregoing recall, BLU3 s sales increased in the year ended December 31, 2022 from the
year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenue can be attributed to the introduction of the Nomad dive system and the strong sales
in all categories in 2022, as compared to 2021 

The largest contribution to the revenue increases
for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year, is the growth in direct to consumer revenues from the Company s
website and trade shows, accounting for 31.7 growth and sales via the Amazon channel accounting for 95.3 growth. 

Our
aggregate cost of revenue from this segment as a percentage of net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased to 61.2 as
compared to 64.1 for the year ended December 31 2021. The decrease can be attributed to efficiencies in both the product cost
and labor cost in building the NOMAD. 

Net Revenue 
 Cost of Sales as a of Net Revenue 
 Margin as a of Net Revenue 

2022 
 2021 
 change 
 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Direct to Consumer 
 1,244,030 
 944,493 
 31.7 
 78.6 
 54.3 
 21.4 
 45.7 
 
 Dealers 
 799,369 
 780,388 
 2.4 
 40.4 
 64.5 
 59.6 
 35.5 
 
 Amazon 
 1,008,794 
 516,478 
 95.3 
 56.1 
 81.4 
 43.9 
 18.6 
 
 Total 
 3,052,193 
 2,241,359 
 36.2 
 61.2 
 64.1 
 38.8 
 35.9 

Redundant
Air Tank Systems 

Net revenue in the Redundant Air Tank Systems System
segment was 1,592,602 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 includes only four
months of activity as SSI was acquired in September, 2021. Dealers continue to be SSI s largest customer sector accounting for 66 
of total revenues. Except for profit margin for repairs, dealer margins continue to be the lowest margin sector as SSI sees this sector
as the volume driver and sets prices to help enable dealers to generate profits. SSI has a worldwide customer base that includes (1) commercial
accounts with aircraft requiring redundant air systems for their pilots and passengers, such as helicopters flying to oil rigs located
in bodies of water (2) government accounts that are typically domestic and international military customers with egress systems (3) dealer
accounts that are resellers including, international distributors to the military, commercial account or dive shops, and domestic and
international dive shops that carry a spare air product (4) direct to consumer sales which are online sales and sales via trade shows
direct to consumer and (5) Company provided repairs and warranty repairs to all sectors. 

21 

Net Revenue 
 Cost of Sales as a of Net Revenue 
 Margin as a of Net Revenue 

2022 
 2021 
 change 
 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Commercial 
 215,506 
 88,876 
 142.5 
 45.8 
 55.5 
 54.2 
 44.5 
 
 Dealers 
 1,051,046 
 287,877 
 265.1 
 73.2 
 89.0 
 26.8 
 11.0 
 
 Government 
 130,832 
 42,875 
 205.1 
 43.1 
 25.6 
 56.9 
 74.4 
 
 Repairs 
 29,493 
 - 
 N/A 
 271.2 
 0.0 
 -171.2 
 - 
 
 Direct to Consumers (Website) 
 165,725 
 53,143 
 211.8 
 63.5 
 68.2 
 36.5 
 31.8 
 
 Total 
 1,592,602 
 472,771 
 236.9 
 69.7 
 74.6 
 30.3 
 23.2 

Guided
Tours and Retail 

The
guided tour and retail segment is a new segment as of May 2022 and is derived from retail revenues of LBI. Revenue in this segment
currently primarily includes retail sales, and tours and lessons. Retail sales represent the sales of product at the retail facility,
while tours and lessons represent revenue derived from diving excursions and lessons. 

Margins
for this segment are suppressed for the year ended December 31, 2022 as cost of goods sold include the amount overpaid for the inventory at acquisition, as
well as a portion of the costs of closing the transaction. 

Net Revenue 
 Cost of Sales as a of Net Revenue 
 Margin as a of Net Revenue 

2022 
 2021 
 change 
 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Retail Sales 
 130,295 
 - 
 N/A 
 70.8 
 - 
 29.2 
 - 
 
 Tours and Lessons 
 82,581 
 - 
 N/A 
 100.3 
 - 
 -0.3 
 - 
 
 Total 
 212,876 
 - 
 N/A 
 82.2 
 - 
 17.8 
 - 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses, consisting of selling, general and administrative SG A expenses and research and development costs, are
reported on a consolidated basis for our operating segments. Aggregate operating expenses increased 24.1 for the year ended December
31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Selling,
General Administrative Expenses (SG A Expenses) 

SG A
increased by 26.2 for the years ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. SG A during those years
are as follows: 

Expense Item 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Payroll 
 1,946,985 
 1,144,020 
 70.2 
 
 Non-Cash Stock based compensation options 
 998,474 
 1,150,801 
 (13.2 
 
 Professional Fees 
 340,221 
 469,206 
 (27.5 
 
 Advertising 
 499,441 
 343,232 
 45.5 
 
 All Others 
 841,081 
 559,564 
 50.3 
 
 Total SG A 
 4,626,202 
 3,666,823 
 26.2 

22 

Payroll
increases for the year ended December 31, 2022 can be attributed to an increase in the BLU3 payroll which contributed 29.4 of the increase.
BLU3 added customer service and engineering staff as well as increased pay for key employees in 2022. The addition of a full year of
SSI payroll comprised approximately 21.4 of the payroll increase. The balance of the increase can be attributed to the hiring of a
social media/marketing manager, and several other operating and administrative personnel to support the growth in each of our divisions. 

Non-Cash
Stock compensation expenses decreased 13.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The
decrease can be attributed to fewer options being issued during the year as well as certain vesting criteria not being met in 2022 that
were met in 2021. 

Professional fees, representing legal, accounting and other professional
fees, which we paid in a combination of cash, common stock, or stock options, decreased 27.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as
compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. While accounting fees increased, 75.8 in 2022, the lack of acquisition in 2022 resulted
in a reduction of legal fees of 43.2 . Additionally, other professional fees saw a decrease as two contract employees became salaried
employees in 2022. 

Advertising
expense increased 45.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 74.8 of the increase
can be directly attributed to an increase of direct, internet and Amazon marketing by BLU3. The addition of SSI attributed 19.9 of the
increase in advertising expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. These increases are offset by decreases in Trebor advertising
expenses associated with the agreement with the Company s provider of marketing and advertising, which was entered into in the
third quarter of 2020, and was not renewed as of July 31, 2021. 

Other expenses increased 50.3 
for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary driver to the increase in other expenses
is the addition of a reserve for expenses related to the 2022 recall of the Nomad dive system. This reserve accounted for 57.0 of the
overall increase in other expenses. 

Research
 Development Expenses (R D Expenses) 

R D
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 75.6 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease can be primarily
attributed to the completion of the R D for BLU3 s NOMAD in late 2021. 

Other
Income 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 other income and expenses totaled approximately 42,500 in interest expense as compared to approximately
 264,200 in other income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately
 42,500 as compared to approximately 21,500 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase can be attributed to the increase in
convertible debt related to the SSI acquisition, as well as the financing of tools and dyes for both the SSI and BLU3 operations. Other
income for the year ended December 31, 2021 included a gain on the forgiveness of Trebor and SSI PPP loans totaling approximately 275,800
and the forgiveness of a loan payable of 10,000. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
had cash of 484,427 on December 31, 2022.The following table summarizes total current assets, total current liabilities and working
capital at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 of Change 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 3,265,714 
 2,966,432 
 10.1 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 1,792,151 
 1,396,197 
 28.4 
 
 Working Capital 
 1,473,563 
 1,570,235 
 (6.2 

23 

The increase in our current assets
on December 31, 20221 from December 31, 2021 primarily reflects increases in inventory of approximately 527,000. The increase in inventory
is offset by decreases in cash of approximately 158,700, accounts receivable of approximately 33,300 and prepaid assets of approximately
 35,300 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in inventory was due to inventory in BLU3 that was procured to continue to
produce the Nomad dive system through the end of 2022, and to ensure enough inventory through the holidays, as well as the addition of
the inventory in connection with the Gold Coast Scuba asset acquisition by LBI. 

The
increase in our total current liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021
reflects an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately 85,100, an increase in customer deposits of
approximately 23,600, an increase of approximately 185,000 in other liabilities, primarily attributed to the reserve for Nomad
recall expenses of 160,500, and an increase of approximately 36,800 in operating lease liabilities with the signing of the SSI
lease renewal, and an increase in related party demand note, net, related to funds lent to LBI. 

Summary
Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (678,356 
 (769,467 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 (62,164 
 517,701 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 581,805 
 549,722 

Net cash used in operating activities
for 2022 was primarily the result of a net loss of 1,892,891, an additional cash used to fund inventory of 443,421, as well as the
change in long term lease liability of 242,690 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. The cash used related
to net loss was offset by 998,474 in non-cash stock related compensation expenses and 47,501 non-cash expenses for shares issued for
professional fees during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net cash used in investing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 67,466 reflects primarily the cash used to acquire the assets of Gold Coast Scuba of 30,000
as well as the cash used to purchase fixed assets, net of debt totaling approximately 21,125, and fixed asset purchases of 16,341. This
compares to cash provided by the purchase of SSI of 541,378 and cash used for the purchase of fixed assets of 23,677 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31,
2022 reflects 305,000 in proceeds related to the sale of the Company s common stock and units comprised of stock and warrants and
 265,000 in proceeds from the exercise of warrants. The increase in net cash was offset by repayments of notes payable and other debt
of 54,976. This is compared to cash provided from the sale of common stock and units of 640,000 and the repayment of debt and notes
payable totaling 90,278 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Going
Concern 

Our
audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern,
and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm
on our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes an explanatory paragraph stating the Company
has net losses and an accumulated deficit which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. If the Company
is unable to raise additional funds when needed, or does not have sufficient cash flows from sales, it may be required to scale back,
delay or cease operations, liquidate assets and possibly seek bankruptcy protection. We have a history of losses, and an accumulated
deficit of 16,437,495 as of December 31, 2022. Despite a working capital surplus of 1,473,563 at December 31, 2022, the continued losses
and cash used in operations raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to continue to increase revenues, control expenses,
raise capital, and to continue to sustain adequate working capital to finance its operations. The failure to achieve the necessary levels
of profitability and cash flows would be detrimental to the Company. We are continuing to engage in discussions with potential sources
for additional capital, however, our ability to raise capital is somewhat limited based upon our revenue levels, net losses and limited
market for our common stock. If we fail to raise additional funds when needed, or if we do not have sufficient cash flows from operations,
we may be required to scale back or cease certain of our operations. 

24 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
Company s management discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s
consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The
preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of its
assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related footnote disclosures. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates its estimates
for product returns, bad debts, inventories, income taxes, warranty obligations, litigation and other subjective matters impacting the
financial statements. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to
be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. 

The
Company believes the following critical accounting policies affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of its consolidated financial statements. 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 

Allowances
for doubtful accounts are estimated based on estimates of losses related to customer accounts receivable balances. Estimates are developed
by using standard quantitative measures based on historical losses, adjusting for current economic conditions and, in some cases, evaluating
specific customer accounts for risk of loss. The establishment of reserves requires the use of judgment and assumptions regarding the
potential for losses on receivable balances. Though the Company considers these balances adequate and proper, changes in economic conditions
in specific markets in which the Company operates and any specific customer collection issues the Company identifies could have a favorable
or unfavorable effect on required allownace balances. 

Inventories 

The
Company values inventory at the lower of cost (determined using the first-in first-out method) or net realizable value. Management s
judgment is required to determine the allowance for obsolete or excess inventory. Inventory on hand may exceed future demand either because
the product is outdated or because the amount on hand is more than will be used to meet future needs. Inventory allowances are estimated
by the individual operating companies using standard quantitative measures based on criteria established by the Company. Though the Company
considers these reserve balances to be adequate, changes in economic conditions, customer inventory levels or competitive conditions
could have a favorable or unfavorable effect on required allownace balances. 

Deferred
Taxes 

The
Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. While
the Company has considered future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the
valuation allowance, in the event the Company were to determine that it would not be able to realize all or part of its net deferred
tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be charged to income in the period such determination was made.
Likewise, should the Company determine that it would be able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded
amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would increase income in the period such determination was made. 

Warranties 

The
Company accrues a warranty reserve for estimated costs to provide warranty services. Warranty reserves are estimated using standard quantitative
measures based on criteria established by the Company. Estimates of costs to service its warranty obligations are based on historical
experience, expectation of future conditions and known product issues. To the extent the Company experiences increased warranty claim
activity or increased costs associated with servicing those claims, revisions to the estimated warranty reserve would be required. The
Company engages in product quality programs and processes, including monitoring and evaluating the quality of its suppliers, to help
minimize warranty obligations. 

25 

Off
balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our
consolidated financial statements appear beginning at page F-1. 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under Exchange Act. In designing
and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures
are met. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
Based on their evaluations as of the end of the period covered by this report, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective such that the information relating to our company, required
to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange Commission reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in SEC rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure as a result of continuing material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting described below. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, which results in more than a remote likelihood
that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

Our
management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the design
and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures (defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)) as of December 31, 2022
and based upon the such evaluation, have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were not effective
due to the material weaknesses identified below. 

To
address these material weaknesses, management performed additional procedures to ensure the financial statements included herein fairly
present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Our internal
control system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board regarding the preparation
and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of the inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

26 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The framework
used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the documents entitled 2013 Internal Controls 
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment,
management concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective as of December
31, 2022 and that material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting described below existed. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCOAB Audit Standard No. 5, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Management has identified the following material weaknesses: 

There
 are an insufficient number and lack of qualified accounting department and administrative personnel and support; 

There
 are insufficient written policies and procedures to ensure the correct application of accounting and financial reporting with respect
 to GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; 

Insufficient
 segregation of duties, oversight of work performed and lack of controls in our finance and accounting functions due to limited personnel; 

The
 Company s systems that impact financial information and disclosures have ineffective information technology controls; 

Inadequate
 controls surrounding revenue recognition, to ensure that all material transactions and developments impacting the financial statements
 are reflected and properly recorded; and 

Evaluation
 of disclosure controls and procedures was not sufficiently comprehensive due to limited personnel. 

Internal
Control Remediation Efforts . 

Subject
to sufficient resources, management expects to remediate the material weaknesses identified above as follows: 

Management
 has leveraged and will continue to leverage experienced consultants to assist with ongoing GAAP and SEC compliance requirements.
 We intend to expand our finance department through the hiring of a certified public accountant to strengthen the segregation of duties,
 internal controls and enhance our current staff. 

Segregation
 of duties will be analyzed and adjusted Company-wide, where possible. The Company is in the process of hiring additional personnel
 in the accounting department as part of the internal controls implementation and documentation of those controls and procedures. 

The
 Company plans on evaluating various accounting systems to enhance our system controls. 

We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are
committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. We do not,
however, expect that the material weaknesses in our disclosure controls will be remediated until such time as we have added to our accounting
and administrative staff allowing improved internal control over financial reporting. 

27 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 

None. 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

The
following are the names, ages and positions of our current executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Robert
 M. Carmichael 
 
 61 
 
 Chairman,
 President, and Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Christopher
 H. Constable 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Charles
 F. Hyatt 
 
 54 
 
 Director 

Key
 Employee 

Blake
 Carmichael 
 
 28 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President of BLU3 

Our
directors are elected for a term of one year and serve until such director s successor is duly elected and qualified. Each executive
officer serves at the pleasure of the Board. 

Robert
M. Carmichael. Since April 2004, Mr. Carmichael has served as our Chairman and President, and from April 2004 until November
2020 served as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Carmichael has served as our Chief Financial Officer since 2017 and a director since
2005. Mr. Carmichael was selected to serve as a director for his general business management experience with specific experience in the
diving industry. 

Christopher
H. Constable . Mr. Constable as served as our Chief Executive Officer and a director since November 2020. Mr. Constable sat
on the board of directors of Bon Natural Life, Ltd. (NASDAQ: BON), and served as the Chairman of the audit committee until March,
2022. Prior to joining our company, from August 2020 through the November 2020, Mr. Constable provided business and financial
consulting services. From 2003 through February 2020 Mr. Constable served as Chief Financial Officer of John Keeler Co., Inc.,
d/b/a Blue Star Foods, a privately held international seafood company which in 2018 merged into Blue Star Foods Corp., a Miami,
Florida-based sustainable seafood company (NASDAQ: BSFC). Mr. Constable served as Chief Financial Officer and a director of Blue
Star Foods Corp until February 2020. Prior thereto, from 1999 to 2003, Mr. Constable was a consultant at Gateway Capital Corp., a
business consulting firm, where he analyzed the financial and reporting capabilities of prospective lending customers with revenues
from 10 to 100 million. Additionally, Mr. Constable was involved with loan workouts of facilities that required either liquidation
or restructuring to ensure collectability for the financial institutions. From 1990 to 1999, Mr. Constable was a commercial banker
at Mercantile Bankshares in Baltimore, Maryland, Finova Capital Corporation and Capital Bank, both in south Florida. Mr. Constable
received his B.S. in Finance with an Accounting Minor from the Merrick School of Business at the University of Baltimore in 1989.
Mr. Constable was selected to serve as a director for his experience with public companies and over 30 years background in finance
and accounting. 

28 

Charles
F. Hyatt . Mr. Hyatt has served as a director since March 2019. Mr. Hyatt is involved in the automotive industry and present
owner of several franchise car dealerships in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, including Myrtle Beach Hyundai (since 1999). In the past
his ownerships also included Hyatt Buick GMC (from 2001 to 2022), Myrtle Beach Suzuki (from 2004 until 2012), Sun Coast Mazda and
Mitsubishi (from 2001 until 2009), Stone Mountain Chevrolet (from 2001 until 2009. From 1994 to 1997, Mr. Hyatt served as Wholesale Purchase
Director with Lamar Ferrel Chevrolet, and from 1991 to 1994 as General Manager of Bob Harris Ford. From 1988 to 1990, Mr. Hyatt was the
Demonstration Director of Auto Dialysis, and from 1986 to 1998, the General Manager/Operational Partner of Ken Hyatt Dodge, Chrysler
and Plymouth. Since 2013, Mr. Hyatt has owned and operates the Gilligan Island Funland Golf amusement park. Mr. Hyatt sits on the American
Cross Heroes committee and is the winner of the Jefferson Award (2017) for his community involvement. Mr. Hyatt was selected to serve
on the board of directors for his general business management experience. 

Key
Employee 

Blake
Carmichael . Since December 2017, Mr. Carmichael has served as Chief Executive Officer of BLU3. He joined our company in May 2017
as an electrical engineer with a primary focus to develop new battery powered hookah diving products. Mr. Carmichael graduated from Florida
Atlantic University in May 2017 with a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering. During college, he worked in 2014 and 2015 as a
participant in the University of Central Florida / Lockheed Martin College Work Experience Program as a systems engineer with a focus
on testing for infrared imaging systems used in military aircraft. In the summer of 2016, he participated in the Naval Surface Warfare
Center s Naval Research Enterprise Intern Program with a focus on integrating underwater vehicles for survey and recovery at the
South Florida Ocean Measurement Facility. 

There
are no family relationships between any of the executive officers and directors. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

We
have not established an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee or a Nominating Committee The entire Board participates in the nomination
and audit oversight processes and considers executive and director compensation. Given the size of the Company, the entire Board is involved
in such decision-making processes. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority
to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not
aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors. 

We
are not a listed company under SEC rules and therefore are not required to have an audit committee comprised of independent
directors. 

Christopher
Constable is an financial expert within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
following table provides information concerning the compensation paid to our Company s non-employee director for services rendered
as a director during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Fees
 earned 
 or paid in cash 
 ) 

Stock 
 awards 
 ) 

Option 
 awards 
 ) 

Non-equity
 incentive 
 plan compensation 
 ) 

Nonqualified 
 deferred 
 compensation 
 earnings 
 ) 

All
 other 
 compensation 
 ) 

Total
 
 ) 

Charles
 Hyatt 

18,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

18,000 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Not
applicable. 

29 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has not as yet adopted a code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 due to our small
size and limited resources and because management s attention has been focused on matters pertaining to business operations. 

Shareholder
Communications 

Although
we do not have a formal policy regarding communications with our Board, shareholders may communicate with the Board by writing to us
at Brownie s Marine Group, Inc., 3001 NW 25th Avenue, Suite 1, Pompano Beach, Florida 33069, Attention: Mr. Christopher H. Constable.
Shareholders who would like their submission directed to a member of the Board may so specify, and the communication will be forwarded,
as appropriate. 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

The
following table provides certain information regarding compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer and
the other executive officer with compensation exceeding 100,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 (each a Named Executive
Officer ). 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards )(1) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 No equity incentive plan compensation ) 
 Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Robert Carmichael 
 2021 
 120,000 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 105,474 (2) 
 225,474 
 
 Chairmen, President and CFO 
 2022 
 120,000 

- 
 - 
 - 
 84,994 (3) 
 204,994 
 
 Christopher Constable, 
 2021 
 199,474 
 - 
 
 98,976 (4) 
 - 
 - 
 2,661 (5) 
 301,111 
 
 CEO 
 2022 
 199,255 

95,969 (6) 
 - 
 - 
 5,756 (5) 
 300,980 

(1) 
 Represents the aggregate
 grant date fair value of the shares of our common stock, computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718. The assumptions made in the valuations
 of the stock awards are included in Note 13 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 

(2) 
 Represents (i) 18,000
 in director compensation (ii) 12,313 in health insurance premiums paid on behalf of Mr. Carmichael, and (iii) an aggregate of 75,161
 in royalties paid to an entity controlled by Mr. Carmichael under the terms of a license agreement with the Company. 

(3) 
 Represents (i) 18,000
 in director compensation (ii) 5,686 in health insurance premiums paid on behalf of Mr. Carmichael, and (iii) an aggregate of 61,308
 in royalties paid to an entity controlled by Mr. Carmichael under the terms of a license agreement with the Company. 

(4) 
 Represents a five-year option to purchase 2,403,846 shares of common stock. 

(5) 
 Represents health insurance
 premiums paid by the Company on behalf of Mr. Constable. 

(6) 
 Represents a five-year option to purchase 3,968,254 shares of common stock. 

30 

Equity
Plan 

On
May 26, 2021, the Company adopted the Company s Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides for the award
of stock options (incentive and non-qualified), stock awards and stock appreciation rights to officers, directors, employees and consultants
who provide services to the Company. The terms of awards under the Plan are made by the Administrator of the Plan appointed by the Company s
Board of Directors, or in the absence of an Administrator, by the Board. The Company has reserved 25,000,000 for issuance under the Plan.
The term of the Plan is ten years. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

The
table below reflects all equity awards made to each Named Executive Officer that were outstanding on December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Robert Carmichael 
 20,761,904 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 0.018 
 7/29/2024 

25,000,000 (2) 
 100,000,000 
 - 
 0.045 
 4/30/2023 
 
 Christopher 
 5,434,783 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 0.0184 
 11/5/2025 
 
 Constable 
 5,000,000 (4) 
 25,000,000 
 - 
 0.0184 
 11/5/2024 

2,403,846 (5) 
 - 
 - 
 0.0401 
 11/5/2026 

3,968,254 (6) 
 - 
 - 
 0.0252 
 11/5/2027 

(1) 
 Options fully vested in
 January 2020 

(2) 
 Options vest based upon
 certain corporate milestones as discussed in Note 13 of the financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

(3) 
 Options fully vested in
 November 2020 

(4) 
 Options vest based upon
 certain corporate milestones as discussed in Note 13 of the financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

(5) 
 Options fully vested in
 November 2021 

(6) 
 Options fully vested in
 November 2022 

31 

Christopher
Constable Employment Agreement 

On
November 5, 2020, we entered into a three-year employment agreement (the Constable Employment Agreement ), which agreement
will automatically renew for one-year successive terms unless either party notifies the other of its desire to terminate the agreement
at least 60 days prior to the then current term. Pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. Constable will serve as our Chief Executive Officer and
a director. In consideration for his services, Mr. Constable is entitled to an annual base salary of 200,000, payable in accordance
with the customary payroll practices of the Company, and upon execution of the Constable Employment Agreement and on each anniversary
thereof, a non-qualified immediately exercisable five-year stock option to purchase that number of shares equal to 100,000 of the value
of the Company s common stock at an exercise price equal to the market price of the common stock on the date of issuance. Pursuant
to the Agreement, on November 5, 2020, we issued Mr. Constable an option to purchase 5,434,783 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of 0.0184 per share pursuant to an option award agreement and upon the first anniversary we issued Mr. Constable an option to
purchase 2,403,846 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0401. 

In
addition, Mr. Constable is entitled to receive four-year stock options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price equal
to 0.0184 per share in the amounts listed below based upon the following performance milestones during the term of the Constable Employment
Agreement: (i) 2,000,000 shares - if the Company s total net revenues, as reported in its statement of operations in its financial
statements in its filings with the SEC, including as a result of a stock or asset acquisition of a third party Net Revenues are in excess of 5,000,000, in the aggregate, for four consecutive fiscal quarters; (ii) 3,000,000 shares - if the Net Revenues are
in excess of 7,500,000, in the aggregate, for four consecutive fiscal quarters; (iii) 5,000,000 shares - if the Net Revenues are in
excess of 10,000,000, in the aggregate, for four consecutive fiscal quarters; and (iv) 20,000,000 shares - if the Company s common
stock is listed on the on NASDAQ or New York Stock Exchange. Mr. Constable is also entitled to participate in all benefit programs the
Company offers to its executives, reimbursement for business expenses and three weeks of annual paid vacation. 

The
agreement may be terminated for cause (as defined in the Agreement), upon his death or disability, or by the Company without
cause. Furthermore, Mr. Constable may terminate the Agreement for good reason (as defined in the agreement). If the Company
terminates the agreement for cause, or if it terminates upon Mr. Constable s death or disability, or if he voluntarily terminates
the Agreement, neither Mr. Constable nor his estate (as the case may be) is entitled to any severance or other benefits following the
date of termination. If the Company terminates the Agreement without cause or Mr. Constable terminates the Agreement for good reason,
the Company is obligated to continue to pay Mr. Constable s base salary for a period of six months. The Agreement also contains
customary confidentiality, non-disclosure and indemnification provisions. 

Blake
Carmichael Employment Agreement 

On
August 1, 2021, we entered into a three-year employment agreement with Blake Carmichael (the Blake Carmichael Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Carmichael will continue to serve as Chief Executive Officer of BLU3. In consideration for his services, Blake
Carmichael will receive (i) an annual base salary of 120,000, payable in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company,
and (ii) a cash bonus equal to 5 of the net income of BLU3 payable quarterly, beginning with the first full calendar quarter after the
execution of the agreement, and (iii) a non-qualified five-year stock option to purchase 3,759,400 shares of common stock at an exercise
price 0.0399, 33.3 of which stock subject to the option vested immediately upon grant, 33.3 vests on the second anniversary and 33.3 
vests on the third anniversary of the agreement. In addition, Blake Carmichael was granted a five-year stock option to purchase up to
18,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0399 per share which vests upon the achievement of certain annual financial
metrics as set forth in the Agreement. 

Item 12.
 
 Security Ownership of
 Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Our
voting securities consist of our common stock and preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, designated Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series A Stock ). Each share of Series A Stock is convertible into one share of our common stock at any time
at the option of the holder at a conversion price of 18.23 per share. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each
share held, and holders of our Series A Stock are entitled to 250 votes for each share held. Our common stock and Series A Stock vote
together as on any matters submitted to our shareholders for a vote. 

32 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 30, 2023, the number of shares of common stock and Series A Stock beneficially owned by (i) each
person, entity or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) known to the Company to be
the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each of the Company s directors (iii) each Named Executive
Officer and (iv) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal
stockholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under
the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person directly or indirectly
has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes
the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of
which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the SEC rules, more than one person may be deemed
to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or
she may not have any pecuniary interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the
shares beneficially owned and each stockholder s address is c/o Brownie s Marine Group, Inc., 3001 NW 25th Avenue, Suite
1, Pompano Beach, Florida 33069. The percentages below are calculated based on 436,949,252 issued and outstanding shares of common stock
and 425,000 shares of Series A Stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Robert M. Carmichael 
 110,006,047 (1) 
 21.7 
 
 Christopher H. Constable 
 16,806,833 (2) 
 3.7 
 
 Charles F. Hyatt 
 164,285,713 (3) 
 36.2 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (three persons) 
 228,781,648 (1)(2)(3) 
 53.7 
 
 5 or Greater Shareholder 

Joseph Perez 135 Weston Road, Suite 328, Weston, Florida 33326 
 50,000,000 
 11.4 
 
 Summit Holdings V, LLC 3427 Bannerman Road, Suite D208 Tallahassee, Florida 32312 
 27,032,388 
 6.4 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

Robert M. Carmichael 
 425,000 
 100 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (one person) 
 425,000 
 100 

(1) 
 Includes: (i) 14,587,190
 shares held by 940A Associates, Inc., a corporation over which Mr. Carmichael is the sole owner and has voting and dispositive power;
 (ii) an aggregate of 23,320 shares issuable upon conversion of 425,000 shares of Series A Stock (iii) options to purchase an
 aggregate of 20,761,904 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.018 per share and (iv) options to purchase an aggregate of
 50,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.045. Does not include the voting power over 106,250,000 shares of common
 stock by virtue of Mr. Carmichael s beneficial ownership of 425,000 shares of Series A Stock. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes (i) options to
 purchase an aggregate of 10,434,783 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0184 per share, (ii) options to purchase 2,403,846
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0401 per share and (iii) options to purchase 3,968,254 shares of common stock at
 an exercise price of .0252 per share. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes warrants to purchase
 an aggregate of 17,142,858 shares of common at an exercise price of .0175 per share. 

33 

Item 13.
 
 Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

We
sell products to Brownie s Southport Divers, Inc., Brownie s Palm Beach Divers, and Brownie s Yacht Toys, companies
owned by the brother of Robert Carmichael. Combined net revenues from these entities for the years December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled
 977,145 and 1,116,085, respectively. Accounts receivable from Brownie s SouthPort Diver s, Inc., Brownie s Palm Beach
Divers, and Brownie s Yacht Toys at December 31, 2022, were 16,875, 6,773 and 15,532, respectively. Accounts receivable from
Brownie s SouthPort Diver s, Inc., Brownie s Palm Beach Divers, and Brownie s Yacht Toys at December 31, 2021,
were 50,818, 7,195 and 17,779, respectively. 

We
also sell products to Brownie s Global Logistics, LLC BGL and 940 Associates, Inc. 940 A ), entities
wholly-owned by Robert Carmichael. Combined net revenues from these three entities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were
 4,646 and 245, respectively. In addition, from time to time Mr. Carmichael purchases products from us for his personal use. Accounts
receivable from BGL, 940 A and Mr. Carmichael totaled 2,408 at December 31,2022 and 897 at December 31, 2021. 

We
owed BGL 2,980 and 32,267 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which represents purchase of inventory including batteries for
Sea Lion (battery operated unit) and Honda engines for our regular gasoline powered units. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also
had an amount due of 5,000 to Mr. Carmichael for an advance to BLU3,Inc. 

We
are a party to an exclusive license agreement, dated February 22, 2005, with 940 A to license the trademark Brownies Third Lung ,
 Tankfill , Brownies Public Safety and various other related trademarks as listed in the agreement. The agreement
provides for a royalty to be paid equal to the greater of 2.5 on all sales of Trebor or 15,000 per quarter. Total royalty fees paid
to 940 A in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 61,308 and 75,161, respectively. The Company had accrued royalties of
 2,845 and 7,735 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On September 30, 2022, the Company
issued a convertible demand 8 promissory note in the principal amount of 66,793 to Robert Carmichael for funds to meet the working capital
needs of LBI. Interest on the note is payable in shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to the 90 day value
weighted average price VWAP of the Company s stock prior to the quarterly interest payment date. The note holder
may demand payment or convert the outstanding principal at a conversion rate of 0.021 per share at any time. The conversion rate was
calculated at a 35 discount to the 90 day VWAP of the Company s stock as of the date of the note. 

On March 25, 2021, the Company
issued 27,500,000 shares of common stock to Charles Hyatt, a director, in a private offering for proceeds of 275,000. 

On August 1, 2021, we entered
into the Blake Carmichael Employment Agreement with Blake Carmichael, Chief Executive Officer of BLU3, and son of Robert Carmichael, the
Company s Chairman, President and a director. 

On September 1, 2021, the Company
issued 10,000,000 units, each unit Unit consists of one share of common stock and a two-year warrant to purchase one share
of common stock at an exercise price of 0.025 per share to Charles Hyatt a director, in a private offering for proceeds of 250,000. 

On September 1, 2021, the Company
issued 600,000 Units to Grace Hyatt, the adult child of Charles Hyatt, in a private offering for proceeds of 15,000. 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued Charles Hyatt, a director, 10,000,000 shares upon the exercise of a warrant at 0.025 per share
in consideration of 250,000. 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued Grace Hyatt, the adult child of Charles Hyatt, a director, 600,000 shares upon the exercise of a
warrant at 0.025 per share in consideration of 15,000. 

On March 14, 2022, the Company
issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to Charles Hyatt, a director, upon exercise of a warrant at an exercise price of 0.04 per share
for proceeds of 250,000. 

On March 14, 2022, the Company issued 600,000 shares of common stock to
Grace Hyatt, the adult daughter of Charles Hyatt, a director, upon exercise of a warrant at an exercise price of 0.04 per share for proceeds
of 15,000. 

On December 13, 2022, the Company
issued 5,714,286 shares of common stock and a two-year warrant to purchase 5,714,286 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0175
per share to Charles Hyatt a director, in a private offering for proceeds of 100,000. 

Blake
Carmichael, the Chief Executive Officer of BLU3 is the son of Robert Carmichael, the Company s Chairman, President and a director. 

Director
Independence 

The
Company has one independent director, Charles Hyatt, who is considered independent as defined under Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq
Marketplace Rules. 

34 

Item 14.
 
 Principal Accounting
 Fees and Services. 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by Liggett Webb, PA for 2022 (until October
10, 2022) and 2021. As of October 10, 2022, Liggett Webb, P.A. resigned as the independent registered public accounting firm engaged
to audit the financial statements of the Company. Also on such date, the Company s Board of Directors engaged Assurance
Dimensions, Inc. to serve as its independent registered public accounting firm to review its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended September 30, 2022 and year ended December 31, 2022 year end audit. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 90,040 
 72,900 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 2,700 
 2,200 
 
 Other 
 - 
 37,500 
 
 Total 
 92,740 
 112,600 

Audit
Fees 

Audit
fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements included
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and the review of financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q. 

The
other fees in 2021 of 37,500 consist of expenses associated with the audit of the Company s acquisition in September, 2021. Additionally,
we incurred tax related fees of 2,700 and 2,200 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Administration
of the Engagement; Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services 

We
have not yet established an audit committee. Until then, there are no formal pre-approval policies and procedures. The audit and tax
fees paid to the auditors with respect to 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by the entire board of directors. 

The
percentage of hours expended on respective engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent
fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees
was 0 . 

35 

PART
IV 

Item 15.
 
 Exhibits, Financial
 Statements Schedules 

Incorporated
 by Reference 

No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 Filed 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 

2.2 
 
 Merger Agreement, dated June 18, 2002 by and among United Companies Corporation, Merger Co., Inc. and Avid Sportswear Golf Corp. 
 
 S-4 
 
 6/24/02 
 
 2.02 

2.3 
 
 Articles of Merger of Avid Sportswear Golf Corp. with and into Merger Co., Inc. 
 
 S-4 
 
 6/24/02 
 
 2.03 

2.4 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated September 3, 2021, among the Company, Submersible Acquisition, Inc., Submersible Systems, Inc. and the Shareholders of Submersible Systems, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/9/21 
 
 10.1 

2.4 
 
 Plan of Conversion 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/28/15 
 
 2.1 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Conversion (Nevada) 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/28/15 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Conversion (Florida) 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/28/15 
 
 3.2 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (Florida) 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/28/15 
 
 3.3 

3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/16/15 
 
 3.5 

3.6 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/28/15 
 
 3.4 

4.1 
 
 2021 Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/16/21 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Form of 2017 Secured Convertible Promissory Note 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/17/18 
 
 4.2 

4.3 
 
 10 Unsecured Convertible Debenture dated May 3, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/20/18 
 
 4.3 

4.5 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant to Robert Carmichael dated July 29, 2019 + 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/1/19 
 
 4.5 

4.6 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant to Jeffrey Guzy dated January 9, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/10/20 
 
 4.1 

4.7 
 
 66,793 Convertible Demand Note, dated September 30, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/12/22 
 
 4.1 

10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 23, 2004 by and among the Company, Trebor Industries, Inc. and Robert M. Carmichael 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/9/04 
 
 16.1 
 
 10.2 
 
 Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease, dated September 14, 2022 between Submersible Systems, Inc. and Slater Palms LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/12/22 
 
 10/1/22 
 
 10.3 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement, effective January 1, 2005, between 940 Associates, Inc. and Trebor Industries Inc. 
 
 10-QSB 
 
 8/15/05 
 
 10.20 

10.4 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated September 1, 2014, between Liberty Property Limited Partnership and Trebor Industries, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/17/18 
 
 10.11 

10.5 
 
 Lease Amendment, dated December 1, 2016, between Liberty Property Limited Partnership and Trebor Industries, Inc. 
 
 10-K

4/22/22

10.5

10.6 
 
 Exclusive Distribution Agreement, dated August 7, 2017, between and Lenhardt Wagner GmbH 
 
 10-K 
 
 6/7/19 
 
 10.15 

10.7 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated November 11, 2018, between Liberty Property Limited Partnership and the Company 
 
 10-K 
 
 6/7/19 
 
 10.16 

10.9 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, dated April 14, 2020, between the Company and Robert Carmichael + 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/17/20 
 
 10.1 

10.10 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/30/20 
 
 10.1 

10.11 
 
 Promissory Note, dated May 12, 2020, in the principal amount of 159,600 issued to South Atlantic Bank 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/13/20 
 
 10.1 

10.12 
 
 Patent License Agreement, dated April 6, 2018 between Setaysha Technical Solutions, Inc. and the Company 
 
 10-K 
 
 6/29/20 
 
 10.17 

10.13 
 
 Addendum No. 1 to Patent License Agreement dated December 31, 2019, between Setaysha Technical Solutions, Inc. and the Company 
 
 10-K 
 
 6/29/20 
 
 10.18 

10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement Dated August 1, 2021, between the Company and Blake Carmichael 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/22/21 
 
 10.22 

10.19 
 
 Director Agreement, dated April 1, 2019, between the Company and Charles Hyatt 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/4/19 
 
 10.1 

10.20 
 
 Employment Agreement dated September 3, 2021, between the Company and Christeen Buban 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/22/21 
 
 10.23 

10.21 
 
 Form of letter agreement for incentive compensation + 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/1/20 
 
 10.1 

36 

10.22 
 
 Addendum No. 2 to Patent License Agreement, dated June 30, 2020, between Setaysha Technical Solutions, Inc. and the Company 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/26/20 
 
 10.1 

10.23 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 5, 2020, between Christopher Constable and the Company. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/12/20 
 
 10.2 

10.24 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement Non-Plan, dated November 5, 2020, between the Company and Christopher Constable 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/12/20 
 
 10.1 

10.27 
 
 First Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated December 1, 2016 between Trebor Industries, Inc. and Liberty Property Limited Partnership 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/22/22 
 
 10.27 

10.28 
 
 8 Convertible Promissory Note, dated September 3, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/9/21 
 
 4.1 

10.29 
 
 Confidentiality, Non-Competition And Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated September 3, 2021, between the Company and Richard S. Kearney 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/9/21 
 
 10.2 

10.30 
 
 Investment Banking Engagement Agreement, dated August 6, 2021, between the Company and Newbridge Securities Corporation 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/22/21 
 
 10.21 

10.31 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, among the Company, Gold Coast Scuba, LLC, LLC Members and Live Blue, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/3/22 
 
 10.67 

10.32 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/12/22 
 
 10.1 

10.33 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/12/22 
 
 10.2 

10.34 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated September 14, 2022, between Slater Palms, LLC and the Company 

10.35 
 
 Sublease Agreement, dated September 20, 2022, between Camburg Engineering, Inc. and the Company 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
 Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 

 +
Management Contract 

Item 16.
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 Brownie s
 marine group, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Christopher
 H. Constable 

Christopher H. Constable 

Chief Executive Officer, 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Robert
 M. Carmichael 

Robert M. Carmichael 

Chief Financial Officer, 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Robert M. Carmichael 

Robert M. Carmichael 

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Financial
 Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Christopher H. Constable 

Christopher H. Constable 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Charles F. Hyatt 

Charles F. Hyatt 

Director 

Date: March 30, 2023 

38 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Brownie s Marine Group, Inc. 

 Index to Audited Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 5036) 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 287) 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 
Brownie s Marine Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Brownie s Marine Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December
31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then
ended, and the related consolidated notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company had a net loss of approximately 1,893,000 and cash used in operating activities of
approximately 678,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as well as an accumulated deficit of approximately 16,437,000 as of December 31, 2022. These
factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Assessment
of Impairment 

The
Company is required to test the carrying amount of goodwill at least annually, or more frequently upon the occurrence of certain events.
The Company is also required to assess the recoverability of its long-lived assets, including its amortizable intangible assets, whenever
certain events occur or circumstances change that may be indicators of impairment. We identified this area as a critical audit matter
because the annual goodwill impairment test and the evaluation of recovery of long-lived assets requires significant judgment regarding
the evaluation of qualitative factors. Additionally, these assessments also require appropriate determination of reporting units and
asset groups, including the allocation of acquired tangible and intangible assets to such groupings. The evaluation of a certain asset
group also required comparison of future non-discounted cash flows to the carrying value of the asset group, which required estimates
of future cash flows associated with that asset group, including growth rates, profitability rates and estimates of other sources and
uses of cash such as changes in working capital and capital expenditures. The Company engaged a third-party valuation specialist to assist
with its assessment. 

Our
audit procedures to address the risk of material misstatement relating to goodwill and intangible assets included, among others, evaluating
the appropriateness of asset groupings at the reporting unit level and asset group level. We also evaluated management s assessment
of qualitative factors associated with the reporting unit containing goodwill and associated with all relevant asset groups. Our procedures
also included evaluating management s forecast of non-discounted cash flows associated with a certain asset group where a qualitative
factor required such further analysis. We also assessed the competence, independence, qualifications, experience, and capabilities of
the third-party valuation specialist, and evaluated the appropriateness and reasonableness of the methodology and assumptions used by
comparing them to external and historical data; testing the calculation and forecast model for mathematical accuracy; validating the
appropriateness and reliability of inputs and amounts used; and evaluating the adequacy of the financial statement disclosures relating
to goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets, including disclosure of key assumptions and judgments. As a result of our
testing we did not take exception to management s conclusion that no impairment should be recognized related to goodwill or long-lived
assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2023 

March
 30, 2023 

PCAOB No.: 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of: 

 Brownie s
Marine Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Brownie s
Marine Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has experienced net losses and has an accumulated deficit. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
matters are described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

W e conducte d
 ou r audit s i n
 ac c ordanc e
 wit h th e standard s
 o f th e PCAOB .
 Thos e s tan d ar d s
 requir e tha t w e
 pla n an d perfor m
 th e a udit to obta i n
r e asonable as s u r a nc e
 abou t whethe r th e
 fina n cial stat e m e nts
 ar e fre e o f
 materia l misstatement , w h eth e r
 du e t o erro r
 o r fraud . Th e
 Compa n y i s
 n ot require d t o
 hav e , nor
 w er e w e engage d
to p erform , a n audi t
 o f it s interna l
 c ontrol s o ve r
 financia l re p o rting .
 As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. Accor d ingly , w e ex p r e ss
 n o suc h opini on. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures including examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also include evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 3 

Valuation
of Stock Options 

As
described in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company measures fair value of stock options at fair value using level
three inputs. To determine fair value of stock options, the Company determines the appropriate valuation methodology and assumptions,
including unobservable inputs. Stock options are measured at fair value using a Black-Scholes valuation model that uses significant assumptions,
including the Company s stock price, volatility, risk-free interest rate, probability of vesting and probability of exercise occurrence
through expiration date. 

Auditing
management s estimate for the fair value of stock options was highly judgmental as it involved our assessment of the significant
assumptions used by the Company because the fair value calculations were sensitive to changes in assumptions described above, and certain
inputs used in the determination of fair values were based on unobservable data, including, but not limited to, the volatility, probability
of vesting and probability of exercise. 

To
test the fair value of stock options, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the methodologies used in
the valuation model and the significant assumptions used by the Company. 

Merger
with Submersible Systems, Inc. 

As
described in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, on September 3, 2021, the Company completed its merger with Submersible
Systems, Inc. The Company recognizes separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date
fair values under ASC 805, Business Combinations. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred
and the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. The Company uses its best estimates
and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The Company s estimates are
inherently uncertain and actual results may differ from expectations. The Company may record measurement period adjustments during the
measurement period (one year from the acquisition date) that result from obtaining additional information about the facts and circumstances
that existed as of the acquisition date. If this additional information had been known, it would have affected the accounting for the
business combination as of the acquisition date. 

Auditing
management s estimate for the fair value of the consideration paid, identifiable assets acquired, and liabilities assumed including
an amount for goodwill was highly judgmental as it involved our assessment of the significant assumptions used by the Company regarding
certain future expected cash flows and the valuation methodologies used by the valuation specialist engaged by the Company in determining
the fair values of these assets. 

To
test the fair value of consideration paid, identifiable assets acquired, and liabilities assumed including an amount for goodwill, we
performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the methodologies used in the valuation model and the significant
assumptions used by the Company and the valuation specialist. 

/s/ . 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018 

April 22, 2022 

PCAOB
No.: 

F- 4 

BROWNIE S
MARINE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable - net 

Accounts receivable - related parties 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net 

Operating lease assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable - related parties 

Customer deposits and unearned revenue 

Other liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Related party convertible demand note, net 
 
 - 
 
 Current maturities loans payable 

Total current liabilities 

Loans payable, net of current portion 

Convertible notes, net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingent liabilities (see note 15) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock; 
 par value: 
 shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021. 

Common stock payable shares and shares, respectively as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

BROWNIE S
MARINE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development costs 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (income) expense, net 

Gain on settlement of debt 
 - 

Gain on the forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Interest expense 

Total other (income) expense - net 

Loss income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Basic loss per common share 

Diluted loss per common share 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

BROWNIE S
MARINE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Common Stock Payable 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Shares Outstanding 
 Par 
 Shares Outstanding 
 Par 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Stockholders 
Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Units issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for acquisition 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Debt Discount on sellers note 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock option expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Debentures and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for exclusivity 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Shares issued for the purchase of units 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for Asset Purchase 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for Royalty Agreement 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for accrued interest in convertible notes 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for employee bonus 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock option expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

BROWNIE S
MARINE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Common stock issued for services 

Shares issued for royalty 
 
 - 
 
 Allowance (recovery) for bad debt 
 - 

Allowance for slow moving inventory 

Allowance for Nomad recall 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued for exclusivity 
 - 

Stock Based Compensation - options 

Shares issued for employee bonus 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued for accrued interest in convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on settlement of debt 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Change in accounts receivable, net 

Change in accounts receivable - related parties 

Change in inventory 

Change in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Change in other assets 

Change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Change in customer deposits and unearned revenue 

Change in long term lease liability 

Change in other liabilities 

Change in accounts payable - related parties 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows used in investing activities: 

Cash used in asset acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Cash acquired in business acquisition 
 - 

Cash used in purchase of fixed assets, net of debt 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of units 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds of convertible note 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) Increase in cash 

Cash, beginning balance 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash Paid for Interest 

Cash Paid for Income Taxes 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Operating lease obtained for operating lease liability 

Shares issued for asset acquisition 

Convertible notes issued for acquisition 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature on notes issued for acquisition 

Shares issued for payment of convertible note interest 
 
 - 
 
 Fixed asset purchase through the issuance of debt 

Prepayment for equipment through financing 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued for the conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

BROWNIE S
MARINE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively. The Company had an accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 of . 

The
Company believes that existing operational cash flow may not be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations, this raises
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the twelve months after the date that the financial statements were issued. Therefore, the Company will seek to continue to raise
additional funds as needed and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing including commercial banks and other lending
institutions. The Company has issued common stock and has historically issued convertible notes to finance working capital needs and
may continue to seek to raise additional capital through sale of common stock or other securities or obtaining short term loans. The
Company has no firm commitment for any additional capital and there are no assurances it will be successful in obtaining additional
funds. 

If
the Company fails to raise additional funds when needed, or does not have sufficient cash flows from sales, it may be required to scale back
or cease operations, liquidate assets and possibly seek bankruptcy protection. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

per EIN. At December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company had approximately and , respectively, in excess of the FDIC insured limit. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to years. The cost of repairs and maintenance is charged to expense
as incurred. Expenditures for property betterments and renewals are capitalized. Upon sale or other disposition of a depreciable asset,
cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in other income (expense). 

The
Company periodically evaluates whether events and circumstances have occurred that may warrant revision of the estimated useful lives
of fixed assets or whether the remaining balance of fixed assets should be evaluated for possible impairment. The Company uses an estimate
of the related undiscounted cash flows over the remaining life of the fixed assets in measuring their recoverability. 

such impairment. 

such impairment.

Revenues - related parties 

Total Revenues 

See further disaggregate
revenue disclosures by segment and product type in Note 16. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales consists of the cost of the components of finished goods, the costs of raw materials utilized in the manufacture of products,
in-bound and out-bound freight charges, direct manufacturing labor as well as certain internal transfer costs, warehouse expenses incurred
prior to the manufacture of the Company s finished products, inventory allowance for excess and obsolete products, and royalties
paid on licensing agreements. Components account for the largest portion of the cost of sales. Components include plastic molded parts,
gas powered engines, aluminum pressure bottles, electronic parts, batteries and packaging materials. 

Cost of revenues - related parties 

Royalty expense - related parties 

Royalty expense 

Total cost of revenues 

Lease
liabilities are recognized at the present value of the fixed lease payments using a discount rate based on similarly secured borrowings
available to us. Lease assets are recognized based on the initial present value of the fixed lease payments, reduced by landlord incentives,
plus any direct costs from executing the leases. Leasehold improvements are capitalized at cost and amortized over the lesser of their
expected useful life or the lease term. 

When
we have the option to extend the lease term, terminate the lease before the contractual expiration date, or purchase the leased asset,
and it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the option, we consider these options in determining the classification and measurement
of the lease. Costs associated with operating lease assets are recognized on a straight-line basis within operating expenses over the
term of the lease. 

Current lease liabilities 
 Current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Weighted average discount rate 

Variable lease cost 
 - 

Total lease costs 

Operating right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

2024 

- 

2025 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

2026 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 - 

Total 

Less: Imputed interest 

) 

) 

() 
 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

Detailed information on leases can be found in Note
15. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

deposit against large tankfill systems prior to ordering and/or building the systems. It will also take deposits for
large rescue tank orders for both domestic and international customers. The remaining balance due is payable upon delivery,
shipment, or installation of the system. Additionally, returns of all other merchandise are subject to a 
restocking fee as stated on each sales invoice. Customer deposits totaled 
and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company records net deferred tax assets to the extent the Company believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making
such determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable
temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. A valuation allowance
is established against deferred tax assets that do not meet the criteria for recognition. In the event the Company were to determine
that it would be able to realize deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, it would make an
adjustment to the valuation allowance which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 

The
Company follows the accounting guidance which provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is
more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation
processes, based on the technical merits. Income tax positions must meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold at the effective
date to be recognized initially and in subsequent periods. Also included is guidance on measurement, derecognition, classification, interest
and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. 

and ,
respectively. 

Usage
of Authorized but Unissued Shares of Common Stock - The Company has issued options, warrants and convertible promissory notes which
are convertible into shares of common stock in certain situations the total of which exceeds the current authorization. The Company has
adopted a policy for the sequence of usage of remaining authorized but unissued shares of common stock (the Sequencing Policy which outlines the order in which the conversion of these equity-linked instruments may be settled in shares. Under the Company s
Sequencing Policy, the most recently issued equity-linked securities, including stock options, warrants, and convertible promissory notes,
are settled in shares first. 

and , respectively, potentially dilutive shares were not recognized as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
These shares reflect shares potentially issuable under convertible note agreements, outstanding warrants, outstanding stock options and
the conversion of preferred stock. 

Raw materials 

Work In Process 

Finished goods 
 
 - 
 
 Rental Equipment 

Total Inventory, net 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded allowances for obsolete or slow moving inventory of approximately and ,
respectively. 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Computer equipment and software 

Vehicles 

Leasehold improvements 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
and amortization expense totaled 
and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included in the depreciation and amortization expense for the year
ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and 
for amortization of intangible assets, respectively. 

consisted
of refundable deposits . Other assets at December 31, 2021 of 
 consisted of refundable deposits. 

and , respectively, of total net revenues. 

Brownie s
Southport Divers, Inc. represented concentration in outstanding accounts receivable of of total outstanding accounts receivable
as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. Brownie s Global Logistics, LLC represented concentration in outstanding
accounts receivable of less than of total outstanding accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Additionally,
the Company has a non-related party customer, Amazon, that represented of total outstanding accounts receivable as of December
31, 2022. 

Revenue
from Amazon accounted for of revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, but did not exceed of total revenue for
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company has two vendors that for the year ended December 31, 2022 supplied more than 10 each of the Company s overall
purchases. Tian Li He Technology supplied 
of overall purchases and L W supplied 
of overall purchases for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no vendor concentrations beyond 
of total purchases for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and , respectively. Accounts receivable from Brownie s SouthPort Diver s, Inc., Brownie s Palm Beach
Divers, and Brownie s Yacht Toys at December 31, 2022, were , and , respectively. Accounts receivable from
Brownie s SouthPort Diver s, Inc., Brownie s Palm Beach Divers, and Brownie s Yacht Toys at December 31, 2021,
were , and , respectively. 

We
also sell products to Brownie s Global Logistics, LLC BGL and 940 Associates, Inc. 940 A ), entities
wholly-owned by Robert Carmichael. Combined net revenues from these three entities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were
 and , respectively. In addition, from time to time Mr. Carmichael purchases products from us for his personal use. Accounts
receivable from BGL, 940 A and Mr. Carmichael totaled at December 31,2022 and at December 31, 2021. 

We
owed BGL and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which represents purchase of inventory including batteries for
Sea Lion (battery operated unit) and Honda engines for our regular gasoline powered units. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also
had an amount due of to Mr. Carmichael for an advance to BLU3,Inc. 

We
are a party to an exclusive license agreement, dated February 22, 2005, with 940 A to license the trademark Brownies Third Lung ,
 Tankfill , Brownies Public Safety and various other related trademarks as listed in the agreement. The agreement
provides for a royalty to be paid equal to the greater of on all sales of Trebor or per quarter. Total royalty fees paid
to 940 A in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively. The Company had accrued royalties of
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
September 30, 2022, the Company issued a convertible demand promissory note in the principal amount of to Robert Carmichael
for funds to meet the working capital needs of LBI. There is no amortization schedule for the note, and interest is payable in shares
of common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to the 90 day value weighted average price VWAP of the Company s
stock prior to the quarterly interest payment date. The note holder may demand payment or convert the outstanding principal at a conversion
rate of per share at any time. The conversion rate was calculated at a discount to the 90 day VWAP of the Company s stock
as of the date of the note. The Company recorded for the beneficial conversion feature. As this conversion rate is a fixed rate,
the embedded conversion feature is not a derivative liability. 

Effective
July 29, 2019 the Company agreed to pay the members of the Company s Board of Directors, including Mr. Carmichael, a management
director, an annual fee of for serving on the Company s Board of Directors for the year ending December 31, 2019. As of
December 31, 2021, the Company had accrued in Board of Directors fees. On August 21, 2020 the Company s Board of
Directors approved the continuation of the 2019 Board compensation policy for the year ending December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company accrued an additional in Board of Directors fees for a total of in accrued fees. 

On
April 14, 2020 the Company entered into a Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement with Mr. Carmichael. Under the terms of the option agreement,
as additional compensation the Company granted Mr. Carmichael an option to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of per share. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company expensed
 and in relation to this option agreement, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares vested
from this option. 

Also,
on November 5, 2020 the Company entered into a Non-Qualified Option Agreement with Mr. Constable. Under the terms of this option agreement,
as additional compensations, the Company granted an option (the Bonus Option to purchase up to an aggregate of 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, the Company expensed and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares vested from this
option. 

On
March 25, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Charles. Hyatt, a member of our Board of Directors in consideration
of . 

On
August 1, 2021 as part of the Blake Carmichael Agreement (see Note 15) the Company entered into a Non-Qualified Stock Option
agreement with Blake Carmichael. Under the terms of the Blake Carmichael agreement, Blake Carmichael is entitled to (i) a five-year
option to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 
(the BC Compensation Options ), and (ii)(ii) a -year
option to purchase up to 
shares to vest annually on a contract year basis, based upon the achievement of certain financial metrics tied to revenue and
EBITDA, which for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company expensed 
and , respectively. 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company issued Charles Hyatt, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, 
units, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and a two-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise
price of 
per share in consideration of . 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company issued Grace Hyatt, the adult child of Charles Hyatt, 
units of the securities of the Company, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and a two-year warrant to purchase
one share of common stock at an exercisable at 
per share in consideration of . 

On
November 5, 2021 the Company entered into a Non-Qualified Stock Option agreement with Christopher Constable as part of his
employment agreement as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the option agreement, the Company granted
Mr. Constable a five -year
option to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of ,
the Compensation Options . The Compensation Options were immediately vested. The fair value of the options on the date
of the grant was 
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: (i) risk free interest rate of .53 ,
(ii) expected life of 
years, (iii) dividend yield of ,
and (iv) expected volatility of .
Stock option expense recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 for this option was . 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued Charles Hyatt, a director, shares upon the exercise of a warrant at per share
in consideration of . 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued Grace Hyatt, the adult child of Charles Hyatt, a director, shares upon the exercise of a
warrant at per share in consideration of 

On
November 5, 2022 the Company entered into a Non-Qualified Stock Option agreement with Christopher Constable as part of his
employment agreement as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the option agreement, the Company granted
Mr. Constable a five -year
option to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 
the Compensation Options . The Compensation Options were immediately vested. The fair value of the options on the date
of the grant was 
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: (i) risk free interest rate of . ,
(ii) expected life of 
years, (iii) dividend yield of 
and (iv) expected volatility of .
Stock option expense recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 for this option was . 

On
December 13, 2022, the Company issued 
units, each unit consists of one share of common stock and a two-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise
price of 
per share to Charles Hyatt a director, in a private offering for proceeds of . 

Accrued payroll and fringe benefits 

Accrued warranty expense 

Accrued payroll taxes and withholding 
 - 

Accrued Sales Tax 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Total 

Balances
due certain vendors are in arrears to varying degrees. The Company is handling all delinquent accounts on a case-by-case basis. 

Accrued recall reserve fee 

Accrued Board of Directors fees 

Total 

Further information regarding the recall reserve fee
can be found in note 15. 

- 
 (4 

- 
 (5 

- 
 (6 

- 

Convertible
debentures consist of the following at December 31, 2021: 

Origination Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Interest Rate 
 Origination Principal Balance 
 Original Discount Balance 
 Period End Principal Balance 
 Period End Discount Balance 
 Period End Balance, Net 
 Accrued Interest Balance 
 Reg. 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (2 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (3 

(4 

(5 

(1) 
 
 in exchange for a convertible note (the Hoboken Convertible Note ). The holder at its option may convert all or part
 of the note plus accrued interest into common stock at a price of discount as determined from the average four highest closing
 bid prices over the preceding five trading days. The Company valued the beneficial conversion feature of the convertible debenture
 at , which was accreted to interest expense over the period of the note. On February 22, 2021, this note and accrued interest
 of were converted by the holder into shares of common stock in accordance with the terms of the note. 

(2) 
 principal amount secured convertible promissory note, initially due , subject to extension.
 The note is secured with such assets of the Company equal to the principal and accrued interest, is guaranteed by the Company s
 wholly-owned subsidiaries, Trebor and BHP and the personal guarantee of Mr. Carmichael. 

The conversion price under
 the note initially ranged from per share if converted in the first year to per share if converted in year five. The
 lender may convert at any time until the note plus accrued interest is paid in full. Various other fees and penalties apply if payments
 or conversions are not done timely by the Company. The lender will be limited to maximum conversion of of the outstanding common
 stock of the Company at any one time. In 2019, the maturity date of the note was extended for one additional year to December 31,
 2019 with a reduction in the conversion price to per share. The Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of 
 upon the modification of conversion price. On June 10, 2021, this note and accrued interest of were converted by the holder
 into shares of common stock in accordance with the terms of the note. 

(3) 
 principal amount secured convertible promissory note, initially due , subject to extension.
 The note is secured with such assets of the Company equal to the principal and accrued interest, is guaranteed by the Company s
 wholly owned subsidiaries, Trebor and BHP and the personal guarantee of Mr. Carmichael. 

The conversion price under
 the note initially ranged from per share if converted in the first year to per share if converted in year five. The
 lender may convert at any time until the note plus accrued interest is paid in full. Various other fees and penalties apply if payments
 or conversions are not done timely by the Company. The lender will be limited to maximum conversion of of the outstanding common
 stock of the Company at any one time. In 2019, the note was extended for one additional year to December 31, 2019 with a reduction
 in the conversion price to per share. The Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of upon the modification
 of conversion price. The maturity date was further extended to December 31, 2021. On August 18, 2021, this note and accrued interest
 of were converted by the holder into shares of common stock in accordance with the terms of the note. 

(4) 
 note payable to Summit Holding V, LLC as part of the acquisition of SSI. The note carries unsecured
 convertible promissory note, due . Payments on the note are to be equivalent to of the adjusted net profit of
 Submersible Systems, Inc., payable calendar quarterly commencing on December 31, 2021. Interest is payable in company stock at the
 conversion price of and shall be paid quarterly. The note holder may convert any outstanding principal and unpaid interest
 at a conversion rate of at any time up to the maturity date of the note. The Company recorded for the beneficial
 conversion feature. 

Total Note Payments 

Current portion of note payable 
 - 
 
 Non-Current Portion of Notes Payable 

(5) 
 unsecured convertible promissory note for to Tierra Vista Partners, LLC as part of the acquisition
 of SSI. Payments on the note are to be equivalent to of the adjusted net profit of SSI, payable calendar quarterly commencing
 on December 31, 2021. Interest is payable quarterly in common stock of the Company at the conversion price of per share.
 The note holder may convert any outstanding principal and unpaid interest at a conversion rate of at any time up to the
 maturity date of the note. The Company recorded for the beneficial conversion feature. 

Total Note Payments 

Current portion of note payable 
 - 
 
 Non-Current Portion of Notes Payable 

(6) 
 promissory note in the principal amount of to Robert Carmichael for funds to meet
 the working capital needs of LBI. There is no amortization schedule for the note, and interest is payable in shares of common stock
 of the Company at a conversion price equal to the 90 day VWAP of the Company s stock prior to the quarterly interest payment
 date. This note is classified as a current liability as the note holder may demand payment or convert the outstanding principal at
 a conversion rate of per share at any time. The Company recorded for the beneficial conversion feature. 

Loans
Payable 

- 
 - 

2024 
 - 

- 
 - 

2025 
 - 

- 
 - 

2026 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total Loan Payments 
 - 

- 
 - 

Current Portion of Loan Payable 
 - 

- 
 - 

Non-Current Portion of Loan Payable 
 - 

- 
 - 

(1) 
 . The Company entered into an Equipment Finance Agreement with Marlin Capital
 pursuant to which it agreed to make equal monthly installments of . The Equipment Finance Agreement contains customary
 events of default. The loan balance was as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 

(2) 
 with a zero interest rate payable over months with a monthly
 payment of and is personally guaranteed by Mr. Carmichael. The loan balance as of December 31, 2022 was and as
 of December 31, 2021. 

(3) 
 payable over equal monthly installments of
 (the Navitas 1 ). The equipment finance agreement contains customary events of default. The loan balance as of
 December 31, 2022 was and as of December 31, 2021. 

(4) 
 (the SBA Loan ),
 under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), which was established under the recently enacted Coronavirus Aid, Relief,
 and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The intent and purpose
 of the PPP is to support companies, during the COVID-19 pandemic, by providing funds for certain specified business expenses, with
 a focus on payroll. As a qualifying business as defined by the SBA, we used the proceeds from this loan to primarily help maintain
 our payroll and cover our rent and utilities as we navigated our business through the lockdowns associated with the COVID-19 pandemic
 until our return to normal operations earlier in 2020. 
 
 The
 term of the note is , though it may be payable sooner in connection with an event of default under the note. The SBA Loan
 carries a fixed interest rate of one percent per year, and a monthly payment of , with the first payment due seven months from
 the date of initial cash receipt. Under the CARES Act and the PPP, certain amounts of loans made under the PPP may be forgiven if
 the recipients use the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll costs and certain rent or utility costs, and meet other
 requirements regarding, among other things, the maintenance of employment and compensation levels. We used the SBA Loan for qualifying
 expenses and have applied for forgiveness of the SBA Loan in accordance with the terms of the CARES Act. On April 28, 2021, the Company
 was notified by South Atlantic Bank that the SBA Loan was forgiven in full under the terms of the CARES Act. The company recorded
 the forgiveness as a gain on the forgiveness of the PPP loan of on our consolidated income statement. 
 
 The
note balance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was . 

(5) 
 (the Submersible
 SBA Loan ), under the CARES Act. 
 
 The
 term of the note is , but may become due and payable upon an event of default under the note. The Submersible SBA
 Loan carries a fixed interest rate of , and a monthly payment of ,
 with the first payment due seven months from the date of initial cash receipt. As part of the forgiveness application and directly
 related to the acquisition of SSI by the Company, SSI was required to place 
 in an escrow account until forgiveness is determined and City National Bank has been paid in full by the SBA. On October 15, 2021,
 the Company was notified by City National Bank that the Submersible SBA Loan was forgiven in full under the terms of the CARES Act.
 The restricted cash in escrow was released in full by the bank as a result of this forgiveness on November 8, 2021. 
 
 The
note balance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was . 

(6) 
 of which was financed by NFS Leasing on August 15, 2022. month term beginning in August 2022 with a monthly payment of . The financing agreement contains customary
 events of default, is guaranteed by the Company and NFS Leasing has a lien on all of the assets of SSI. The loan balance as of December
 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. 

(7) 
 payable over equal monthly installments of 
 Navitas 2 ). The equipment finance agreement contains customary events of default. The loan balance as of December
 31, 2022 was and as of December 31, 2021. 

million in consideration consisting of the issuance of shares of its common stock (valued at million), the
issuance of in unsecured convertible promissory notes in exchange for all of the equity of Submersible. The shares
of the Company s common stock issued for the million in consideration are subject to leak out agreements whereby the shareholders
are unable to sell or transfer shares based upon the following: 

Up to 

Up
to 

Up
to 

Up to 

The
Leak-Out provision may be waived by the Company, upon written request by the holder of the common stock, if the Company is trading on
either the NYSE American or Nasdaq, and has a rolling 30-day average trading volume of shares per day; provided, however ,
that (i) only up to 5 of the previous days total volume can be sold in one day by a holder; and (ii) the holder can only sell through
executing trades On the Offer. 

The
transaction costs associated with the Merger were in legal fees paid in cash, and shares of the Company s
common stock with a fair value of . 

Fair
Value of Consideration Transferred and Recording of Assets Acquired 

shares at fair market value 

8 Unsecured, Convertible promissory note payable to seller 

Total purchase price 

Tangible assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed 

Net tangible assets acquired 

Identified Intangible Assets 

Customer Relationships 

Trademarks 

Non-compete agreements 

Total Intangible Assets 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price 

In
determining the number of shares of the common stock issued, the Company considered the value of the stock as defined the Merger
Agreement to be the calculated based on the volume weighted average price VWAP of a share of the Company s
common stock on the OTC Markets for (i) 180 days prior to the date of the parties execution and delivery
of the binding term sheet for the Merger or (ii) 180 days prior to the closing date of the Merger, whichever results in a lower
VWAP. Based on this calculation, the Company utilized calculation (i) resulting in a conversion price of .
This conversion price resulted in the issuance of 
shares of common stock with a fair value of 
on the closing date. 

. 

Goodwill
represents the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized.
The goodwill arising from the acquisition is attributable to the value of the potential expanded market opportunity with new customers.
The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 

Pro Forma Information 

Net Loss 

() 
 
 Basic and Diluted Loss per Share 

() 
 
 Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding 

The
information included in the pro forma amounts is derived from historical information obtained from the sellers of the businesses.
The pro forma amounts above for basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding have been adjusted to include the stock
issued in connection with the acquisition of SSI. 

Gold
Coast Scuba, LLC Asset Acquisition 

On
May 2, 2022, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with Gold Coast Scuba,
LLC, a Florida limited liability company Gold Coast Scuba ), Steven M. Gagas and William Frenier, the sole members of Gold
Coast Scuba (together, the LLC Members and Live Blue, Inc. Pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, Live
Blue acquired substantially all of Gold Coast Scuba s assets and assumed certain non-material liabilities of the business associated
with these assets. In addition, LBI assumed the lease for the premises for Gold Coast Scuba as part of this asset acquisition. 

In
consideration for the assets purchased, the Company paid to the LLC Members. The purchase price was paid by (a) the issuance
to the LLC Members of an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock (the Consideration Shares with
a fair market value of ; and (b) a cash payment of . 

Up to 

Up
to 

Up to 

. 

The
transaction costs associated with the acquisition were in legal fees paid in cash. 

While the
agreement was structured as an asset purchase agreement, we also assumed the operations of Gulf Coast Scuba resulting in the recognition
of a business combination. During 2022 we recognized revenue of 
 and net loss of associated with this business. The business combination was not material for purposes of disclosing pro forma financial information.
In connection with this transaction, we recognized the following assets and liabilities: 

Fixed Assets 

Retail Inventory 

Right of use asset 

Lease liability 

Net Assets Acquired 

- 
 
 Acquisitions of Submersible Systems, Inc. 
 - 

Balance, December 31 

Customer Relationships 

Non-Compete Agreements 

Total 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

shares of common stock related to the conversion of a convertible note and accrued
interest of . 

On
March 1, 2021, the Company issued a consultant shares of its common stock related to investor relation services at a fair value
of . 

On
March 25, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Charles F. Hyatt, a member of our Board of Directors, in
consideration of . 

On
February 28, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a consultant with a fair value of for professional business
services. 

On
June 10, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock related to the conversion of a convertible note and accrued interest
of . 

On
August 18, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock related to the conversion of a convertible note and accrued
interest of . 

On September 1, 2021, the Company issued Charles Hyatt, a member of our Board of Directors, units of the Company, with the unit consisting of one share of
common stock and a two- year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share in consideration of
 . The Company did not pay any fees or commissions in connection with the sale of the unit. 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company issued Grace Hyatt, the adult child Charles Hyatt, 
units of the Company, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and a two- year warrant to purchase one share of
common stock at an exercise price of 
per share in consideration of .
The Company did not pay any fees or commissions in connection with the sale of the unit. 

In
September, 2021, the Company issued 
units of the Company to three accredited investors, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and a two-year warrant to
purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 
per share in consideration of .
The Company did not pay any fees or commissions in connection with the sale of the unit. 

On
September 3, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Tierra Vesta Group as part of the purchase agreement of Submersible
Systems, Inc. with a fair value of . 

On
September 3, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Summit Holdings V, LLC. as part of the purchase agreement
of Submersible Systems, Inc. with a fair value of . 

On
September 22, 2021, the Company issued a law firm shares of common stock with a fair value of as partial consideration
for its legal services related to acquisition of SSI. 

In
November and December, 2021 the Company issued shares of its common stock with a fair value of to a consultant for services
related to the dive retail industry. 

On
December 31, 2021 the Company issued shares of its common stock with a fair market value of to a vendor related to exclusive
distribution of its product line in the US and Caribbean. 

On
January 17, 2022, the Company issued a law firm shares of common stock with a fair value of as part of the agreed upon
compensation for a representation agreement. 

On
January 31, 2022, the Company issued a consultant shares of common stock with a fair value of for consulting services
related to the dive industry. 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued Charles Hyatt, a director, shares from the exercise of a warrant at per share
in consideration of . 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued Grace Hyatt, the adult child of Charles Hyatt, a director, shares from the exercise of a
warrant at per share in consideration of . 

On
February 28, 2022, the Company issued a consultant, shares of common stock with a fair value of for consulting services
related to the dive industry. 

On
May 3, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to the asset purchase agreement with Gold Coast Scuba, LLC
with a fair value of . 

On
May 31, 2022, the Company issued a consultant, shares of common stock with a fair value of for consulting services related
to the dive industry. 

On
June 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to an employee as a retirement gift. The fair value of this stock was
 . 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to the holders of convertible notes for payment of interest through
June 30, 2022. The fair value of these shares was . 

On
September 7, 2022, the Company issued to two accredited investors, units of the Company, with each unit consisting of one share
of common stock and a two-year common stock purchase warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per
share in consideration of . The Company did not pay any fees or commissions in connection with the sale of the units. 

On
September 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to the holders of convertible notes for payment of interest for
the three months ending September 30, 2022. The fair value of these shares was . 

On November 1, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate
of shares to the designated shareholders in accordance with the amended STS Agreement. The fair value of these shares was . 

On
December 13, 2022, the Company issued units, at an exercise price of per share to Charles Hyatt a director, in a private offering
for proceeds of . 

On December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock to the holders of convertible notes for payment of interest for the three months ending December 31, 2022. The fair value
of these shares was . 

Preferred
Stock 

During
the second quarter of 2010, the holder of the majority of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock approved an amendment
to the Company s Articles of Incorporation authorizing the issuance of shares of blank check preferred stock. The blank
check preferred stock as authorized has such voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights
as may be determined by our Board of Directors of the Company from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the Florida Business
Corporation Act. In April 2011 the Board of Directors designated shares of the blank check preferred stock as Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into a share of the Company s common stock at
any time at the option of the holder at a conversion price of per share. Holders of shares of . The Company s common stock and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock vote together
as on any matters submitted to our shareholders for a vote. As and December 31, 2022 and 2021, the shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock are owned by Robert Carmichael. 

Equity
Compensation Plan 

On May 26, 2021 the Company adopted an Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan ).
Under the Plan, stock options may be granted to employees, directors, and consultants in the form of incentive stock options or non-statutory
stock options, stock purchase rights, time vested and/performance invested restricted stock, and stock appreciation rights and unrestricted
shares. The maximum number of shares that may be issued under the
Plan is shares. The term of the Plan is ten years. 

The
Company also issued options outside of the plan that were not approved by the security holders. These options may be granted to employees,
directors, and consultants in the form of incentive stock options or non-qualified stock options. 

Equity Incentive Options issued outside of the Equity Compensation Plan 

Total 

Options 

The
Company has issued options to purchase approximately 
 shares at an average price of 
 with a fair value of approximately .
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued options to purchase 
 and 
 shares, respectively. Upon exercise, shares of
new common stock are issued by the Company. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized an expense of approximately and , respectively,
of non-cash compensation expense (included in General and Administrative expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations)
determined by application of a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following inputs: exercise price, dividend yields, risk-free
interest rate, and expected annual volatility. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately of unrecognized pre-tax
non-cash compensation expense related to options to purchase shares, which the Company expects to recognize, based on a weighted-average
period of years. The Company uses straight-line amortization of compensation expense over the requisite service period for time-based
options. For performance-based options the Company evaluates the likelihood of a vesting qualification being met, and will establish
the expense based on that evaluation. The maximum contractual term of the Company s stock options is years. The Company recognizes
forfeitures as they occur. There are options to purchase approximately shares that have vested as of December 31, 2022. 

- 

Expected term 
 Years 
 - Years 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
- .53 
 
 Forfeiture Rate 

The
expected volatility was determined with reference to the historical volatility of the Company s stock. The Company uses historical
data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options granted represents
the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual
life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant. 

Weighted 

Weighted 
 Average 

Average 
 Remaining 
 Aggregate 

Number of Options 
 Exercise Price 
 Contractual Life in Years 
 Intrinsic Value 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding December 31, 2021 

Exercisable December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

Exercised 

- 

- 

Cancelled 

- 

- 

Outstanding December
 31, 2022 

Exercisable December
 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Outstanding options 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately of unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense related to options
to purchase shares, which the Company expects to recognize, based on a weighted-average period of years. 

Warrants 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company issued Charles Hyatt units, each unit consisted of one share of common stock and a two-year
warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share in consideration of . 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company issued Grace Hyatt, the adult child of Charles Hyatt, units, each unit consisted of one share
of common stock and a two-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share in consideration
of . 

On
September, 2021, the Company issued units to three accredited investors, each unit consisting of one share of common stock
and a two-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at per share in consideration of . 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued Charles Hyatt shares of common stock upon the exercise of a warrant at per share
in consideration of . 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued Grace Hyatt, the adult child of Charles Hyatt, shares of common stock upon the exercise
of a warrant at per share in consideration of . 

On
September 7, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of units to two accredited investors. Each unit consisted of one share of
common stock and a two-year common stock purchase warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 
 per share in consideration of . 

On
December 13, 2022, the Company issued to Charles Hyatt, units. Each unit consisted of one share of common
stock and a two-year common stock purchase warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share in
consideration of . 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding December 31, 2021 

Exercisable December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 

Cancelled 
 
 - 

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Exercisable December 31, 2022 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income tax expense 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Reserves for slow moving inventory 

Depreciation 

Reserve for recall 
 
 - 
 
 Net operating loss carryforward 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Reserve for recall 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

The
effective tax rate used for calculation of the deferred taxes as of December 31, 2022 was .
The Company has established a 
valuation allowance against deferred tax assets of approximately ,
due to the uncertainty regarding realization reserve against the deferred tax assets. The change in valuation allowance was an
increase of .
The Company has approximately 
of and 
that carryforward indefinitely but is limited to 80 of taxable income in any one year. 

The
effective tax rate used for calculation of the deferred taxes as of December 31, 2021 was . The Company has established a 
valuation allowance against deferred tax assets of due to the uncertainty regarding realization reserve against the deferred
tax assets. The change in valuation allowance was an increase of 40,100. 

State tax, net of Federal benefits 

Permanent differences 

Temporary differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

The
Company s income tax returns for 2019 through 2022 remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Services and state tax
authorities. 

security deposit; base rent of approximately per month over the term of the lease
plus sales tax; and payment of of annual operating expenses (common areas maintenance), which was approximately per month
subject to periodic adjustment. On December 1, 2016, , expiring . The base rent
was increased to per month with a annual escalation throughout the amended term. 

On
January 4, 2018, the Company entered into a sixty-one month lease renewal for its facility in Huntington Beach, California commencing
on February 1, 2018. Terms included base rent of approximately per month for the first 12 months with an annual escalation clause
of thereafter. The Company paid a security deposit of upon entering into the lease. 

On
November 11, 2018, the Company entered a sixty-nine month lease commencing on January 1, 2019 for approximately square feet adjoining
its existing facility in Pompano Beach, Florida. Terms of the new lease include a security deposit; initial base rent of approximately
 per month escalating at per year during the term of the lease plus Florida state sales tax and of the buildings annual
operating expenses (common area maintenance) which is approximately per month, subject to adjustment as provided in the lease. 

On May 2, 2022, LBI entered into a lease assignment
agreement with Gold Coast Scuba, LLC and Vicnsons Realty Group, LLC whereby LBI is the assignee to the remainder of the lease for the
property located at 259 Commercial Blvd., Suites 2 and 3 in Lauderdale-By-The Sea, Florida. The lease is in its third year of a three-year term and has a per month base rent. The lease provides an option to renew for an additional term of two years with an increase
of base rent by . 

On September 14, 2022, SSI entered into a sixty-month
lease renewal for its facility in Huntington Beach, California effective February 1, 2022. Terms included base rent of approximately
 per month for the first 24 months with an annual escalation clause of thereafter. Obligations under the lease are guaranteed
by the Company. The Company paid an additional security deposit of upon entering into the lease. 

On September 30, 2022, SSI entered into a sublease
of its facility in Huntington Beach, California with Camburg Engineering, Inc.( Tenant commencing October 1, 2022, The term
of the sublease is through December 31, 2023 with a base monthly rent of for the first twelve months with an annual escalation
thereafter. The Tenant also pays a monthly common area maintenance of . The Tenant provided a security deposit of upon entering
into the sublease. 

Royalty
Agreement 

On
June 30, 2020, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to its Patent License Agreement with Setaysha Technical Solutions, LLC STS ).
The amendment set certain limits and expectations of the assistance from STS related to designing and commercializing certain diving
products and revised the royalty payments due to STS as consideration for uncompensated services. The Company is obligated to pay STS
a minimum yearly royalty of ,
or 
 per fiscal quarter, beginning in December 2019
and increasing by 
per year. The minimum royalty was temporarily increased to 
 for fiscal years 2022, 2023 and 2024, with a
fourth quarter true up against earned royalties. In addition, if the Company terminates the Agreement with STS prior to December 31,
2023, the Company is obligated to pay STS ,
less cumulative royalties paid in excess of 
 for the years 2019 through 2024. In accordance
with the amendment, the Company will pay additional minimum royalties of 
 per year or 
 per quarter for the years 2022 through 2024.
On November 1, 2022 the Company issued to the designees of STS shares of common stock with a fair value of 30,000 in accordance
with the Patent License Agreement. Royalty recorded under this Agreement was 
 and 
 for twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, respectively. As included in other liabilities, accrued royalties under this agreement were and at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Consulting
and Employment Agreements 

On
June 9, 2020, the Company entered into a one-year advertising and marketing agreement with Figment Design for per month which
agreement terminated on July 31, 2021. 

On
November 5, 2020, the Company entered into a three-year employment agreement with Christopher Constable (the Constable Employment
Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Constable serves as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Previously, Mr. Constable had provided
advisory services to the Company through an agreement with Brandywine LLC. In consideration for his services, Mr. Constable shall receive
(i) an annual base salary of , payable in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company, and (ii) upon execution
of the Employment Agreement and on each anniversary of the date of the Agreement during the term, a non-qualified immediately exercisable
five-year option to purchase that number of shares equal to of the value of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price equal to the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. Accordingly, on November 5, 2020, Mr. Constable
was issued an option to purchase shares of the common stock at an exercise price of per share and on November 5, 2021,
Mr. Constable was issued an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per
share. 

In
addition, Mr. Constable shall be entitled to receive four-year stock options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price
equal to per share in the following amounts based upon the following performance milestones during the term of the Constable
Employment Agreement: (i) shares if the Company s total net revenues, as reported in its statement of operations
in its financial statements in its filings with the SEC, including as a result of a stock or asset acquisition of a third party Net
Revenues are in excess of , in the aggregate, for four consecutive fiscal quarters; (ii) shares if
the Company s Net Revenues are in excess of , in the aggregate, for four consecutive fiscal quarters; (iii) 
shares if the Company s Net Revenues are in excess of , in the aggregate, for four consecutive fiscal quarters;
and (iv) shares if the Company s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ or New York Stock Exchange. 

On
March 1, 2021, the Company entered into an investor relations consulting agreement with BGM Equity Partners, LLC. The term of the agreement
is twelve months. As compensation, the Company issued shares of its common stock valued at to BGM Equity Partners.
The agreement expired on March 1, 2022. 

On
August 1, 2021, the Company and Blake Carmichael entered into a three-year employment agreement (the Blake Carmichael Employment
Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Carmichael shall serve as Chief Executive Officer of BLU3. In consideration for his services,
Blake Carmichael shall receive (i) an annual base salary of , payable in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the
Company, and (ii) a cash bonus equal to 5 of the net income of BLU3 payable quarterly, beginning with the first full calendar quarter
after the execution of the agreement. (iii) upon execution of the Employment Agreement, a non-qualified five-year stock option to purchase
 shares at , . 

In
addition, Blake Carmichael shall be entitled to receive a five-year stock option to purchase up to shares of common stock
at an exercise price of per share that will vest upon annual financial metrics based upon a revenue measurement, expediency measurement
and an EBITDA measurement. 

On
August 6, 2021, the Company entered into a six-month, non-exclusive mergers and acquisitions services agreement with Newbridge Securities
Corporation which provides for a commission for the first paid in aggregate purchase price consideration and on an aggregate
purchase price in excess of for any merger or acquisition target sourced by Newbridge, to be paid in common stock of the Company.
Such agreement expired by its terms. 

On
September 3, 2021, SSI and Christeen Buban entered into a three-year employment agreement (the Buban Employment Agreement pursuant to which Ms. Buban shall serve as the President of SSI. In consideration for her services, Mrs. Buban shall receive (i) an annual
base salary of , payable in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company, (ii) a car allowance and cell phone
allowance of per year, (iii) a five-year option issued under the Plan to purchase shares of common stock of the Company
at per share, which option vests quarterly over the eight calendar quarters. 

In
addition, Mrs. Buban shall be entitled to receive a five-year stock option to purchase up to shares of common stock of the
Company at an exercise price of per share, which vests upon the attainment of certain defined annual financial metrics, as set
forth in the Buban Employment Agreement. 

On May 2, 2022, the Company entered into a two-year
employment agreement with Steven Gagas (the Gagas Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Gagas shall serve as the General
Manager of the dive shop currently operating within LBI. In consideration for his services Mr. Gagas shall receive an annual salary of
 . 

On
January 17, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with The Crone Law Group, PC CLG for the provision of legal services.
In consideration therefor, the Company will pay CLG a monthly flat fee of for the SEC reporting work, and its normal
hourly rate for any other legal work and issued shares of common stock with a fair market value of to CLG. 

On December
22, 2022, the U.S. Consumer Products Safety Commission (the CPSC issued a voluntary recall notice for the Nomad tankless
dive system, which is distributed by BLU3, Inc. As part of the recall procedure, the CPSC has approved the Company s proposed remedy
for the recall and BLU3 will begin to receive units back from consumers to repair affected Nomad units. The Company has evaluated the
costs of this recall and has deemed it necessary to set an allowance of for such costs. 

Legal 

The
Company was a defendant in an action, Basil Vann, as Personal Representative of the Estate of Jeffrey William Morris v. Brownie s
Marine Group, Inc., filed on May 6, 2019 in the Circuit Court of the 17th Judicial Circuit, Broward County, Florida. The complaint, related to consulting services provided to the Company by the deceased between 2005 and 2017, alleged breach of contract and quantum
meruit and sought in unpaid consulting fees together with interest. In April 2020, the Company filed a Motion to Dismiss,
and at a hearing held in May 2021, the Court struck certain allegations contained in the complaint, the parties agreed that the quantum
meruit allegation is deemed to be an alternative to the breach of contract allegation but permitted certain other allegations to stand.
The parties entered mediation pursuant to the Court s order. This action was settled for on July 12, 2021. The Company
paid monthly installments of . The settlement was fully paid during the second quarter of 2022. 

- 

Cost of Revenue 

- 

Gross Profit 

- 

Depreciation/Amortization 

- 
 - 

- 

Income (loss) from operations 

- 

- 

Total Assets 

- 

units, with each 
 at an exercise price of 
per share in consideration of . 

F- 33 

<EX-10.34>
 2
 ex10-34.htm

Exhibit 10.34 

STANDARD
INDUSTRIAL/COMMERCIAL MULTI-TENANT LEASE - GROSS 

1. Basic
 Provisions Basic Provisions ). 

1.1 Parties. This
Lease Lease ), dated for reference purposes only September 14, 2022 , is made by and between Slater
Palms LLC Lessor and Submersible Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation Lessee ),
(collectively the Parties , or individually a Party ). 

1.2(a)
 Premises: That certain real property, including all improvements therein or to be provided by Lessor under the terms of this Lease,
commonly known as (street address, unit/suite, city, state, zip): 

7413
Slater Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647 Premises ). The Premises are located in the County of Orange ,
and are generally described as (describe briefly the nature of the Premises and the Project ): a freestanding
industrial building of approximately 13,000 square feet which is part of a larger multi-tenant business park .
In addition to Lessee s rights to use and occupy the Premises as hereinafter specified, Lessee shall have non-exclusive rights
to any utility raceways of the building containing the Premises Building and to the Common Areas (as defined in
Paragraph 2.7 below), but shall not have any rights to the roof, or exterior walls of the Building or to any other buildings in the Project.
The Premises, the Building, the Common Areas, the land upon which they are located, along with all other buildings and improvements thereon,
are herein collectively referred to as the Project . (See also Paragraph 2) 

1.2(b)
 Parking: Twenty-six (26) unreserved vehicle parking spaces. (See also Paragraph 2.6) 

1.3
 Term: Five (5) years and zero (0) months Original Term commencing
 February 1, 2023 Commencement Date and ending January 31, 2028 Expiration
Date ). (See also Paragraph 3) 

1.4 Early
Possession: If the Premises are available Lessee may have non-exclusive possession of the Premises commencing N/A Early Possession Date ). (See also Paragraphs 3.2 and 3.3) 

1.5
 Base Rent: 17,550.00 per month Base Rent ), payable on the first (1st) day of
each month commencing February 1, 2023 . (See also Paragraph 4) 

If this box is checked, there are provisions in this Lease
for the Base Rent to be adjusted. See Paragraph 50 . 

1.6 Lessee s
Share of Common Area Operating Expenses: percent ( Lessee s
Share ). In the event that the size of the Premises and/or the Project are modified during the term of this Lease, Lessor
shall recalculate Lessee s Share to reflect such modification. 

1.7 Base
 Rent and Other Monies Paid Upon Execution: 

(a) Base
Rent: for the period . 
 
 (b) Common
 Area Operating Expenses: The current estimate for the period 
 is . 
 
 (c) Security
 Deposit: See Paragraph 53 Security Deposit ). (See also Paragraph
 5) 
 
 (d) Other:
 for . 

(e) Total
 Due Upon Execution of this Lease: 10,727.00 . 

1.8
 Agreed Use : General office, warehousing and manufacturing of underwater breathing systems. (See also Paragraph 6) 

1.9 Insuring
 Party. Lessor is the Insuring Party . (See also Paragraph 8) 

1.10 Real
 Estate Brokers. (See also Paragraph 15 and 25) 

(a)
 Representation : Each Party acknowledges receiving a Disclosure Regarding Real Estate Agency Relationship, confirms and consents
to the following agency relationships in this Lease with the following real estate brokers Broker(s) and/or their
agents Agent(s) ): 

Lessor s
Brokerage Firm 

Lee
 Associates -Newport Beach License No. 01197433 is the broker of(check one): 

the Lessor; or both the Lessee and Lessor (dual agent). 

 Lessor s
Agent 

 Brad
Schneider/Nick
Krakower License
No. 01887613/02100512 
is (check one): 

 the Lessor s Agent (salesperson or broker associate); or 

both the Lessee s Agent and the Lessor s Agent (dual agent). 

 Lessee s
Brokerage Firm 

License No. 
 Is the broker of (check one): 

the Lessee; or 

 both the Lessee and Lessor (dual
agent). 

 Lessee s
Agent 

License No. 
 is (check one): 

 the
Lessee s Agent (salesperson or broker associate); or 

 both
the Lessee s Agent and the Lessor s Agent (dual agent). 

(b) Payment
to Brokers. Upon execution and delivery of this Lease by both Parties, Lessor shall pay to the Brokers the brokerage fee agreed
to in a separate written agreement (or if there is no such agreement, the sum of or of the total Base
Rent) for the brokerage services rendered by the Brokers. 

1.11 Guarantor. The
obligations of the Lessee under this Lease are to be guaranteed by Guarantor ). (See also Paragraph 37) 

1.12
 Attachments. Attached hereto are the following, all of which constitute a part of this Lease: 

an Addendum consisting of Paragraphs 50 through 53; 

a site plan depicting the Premises; a site plan depicting the Project; 

a current set of the Rules and Regulations for the Project; 

a current set of the Rules and Regulations adopted by the owners association; 

a Work Letter; 

other (specify): Arbitration Agreement (54) and Guaranty of Lease . 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 1 of 35 

2.
Premises. 

2.1
Letting . Lessor hereby leases to Lessee, and Lessee hereby leases from Lessor, the Premises, for the term, at the rental, and upon
all of the terms, covenants and conditions set forth in this Lease. While the approximate square footage of the Premises may have been
used in the marketing of the Premises for purposes of comparison, the Base Rent stated herein is NOT tied to square footage and is not
subject to adjustment should the actual size be determined to be different. NOTE: Lessee is advised to verify the actual
size prior to executing this Lease. 

2.2
Condition . Lessor shall deliver that portion of the Premises contained within the Building Unit to Lessee
broom clean and free of debris on the Commencement Date or the Early Possession Date, whichever first occurs Start Date ),
and, so long as the required service contracts described in Paragraph 7.1(b) below are obtained by Lessee and in effect within thirty
days following the Start Date, warrants that the existing electrical, plumbing, fire sprinkler, lighting, heating, ventilating and
air conditioning systems HVAC ), loading doors, sump pumps, if any, and all other such elements in the Unit, other
than those constructed by Lessee, shall be in good operating condition on said date, that the structural elements of the roof, bearing
walls and foundation of the Unit shall be free of material defects, and that the Unit does not contain hazardous levels of any mold or
fungi defined as toxic under applicable state or federal law. If a non-compliance with such warranty exists as of the Start Date,
or if one of such systems or elements should malfunction or fail within the appropriate warranty period, Lessor shall, as Lessor s
sole obligation with respect to such matter, except as otherwise provided in this Lease, promptly after receipt of written notice from
Lessee setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance, malfunction or failure, rectify same at Lessor s
expense. The warranty periods shall be as follows: (i) 6 months as to the HVAC systems, and (ii) 30 days as to the remaining systems
and other elements of the Unit. If Lessee does not give Lessor the required notice within the appropriate warranty period, correction
of any such non-compliance, malfunction or failure shall be the obligation of Lessee at Lessee s sole cost and expense (except
for the repairs to the fire sprinkler systems, roof, foundations, and/or bearing walls - see Paragraph 7). Lessor also warrants,
that unless otherwise specified in writing, Lessor is unaware of (i) any recorded Notices of Default affecting the Premise;
(ii) any delinquent amounts due under any loan secured by the Premises; and (iii) any bankruptcy proceeding affecting the Premises. 

2.3
Compliance . Lessor warrants that to the best of its knowledge the improvements on the Premises and the Common Areas comply with the
building codes, applicable laws, covenants or restrictions of record, regulations, and ordinances Applicable Requirements that were in effect at the time that each improvement, or portion thereof, was constructed. Said warranty does not apply to the
use to which Lessee will put the Premises, modifications which may be required by the Americans with Disabilities Act or any similar
laws as a result of Lessee s use (see Paragraph 49), or to any Alterations or Utility Installations (as defined in Paragraph
7.3(a)) made or to be made by Lessee. NOTE: Lessee is responsible for determining whether or not the Applicable Requirements, and
especially the zoning are appropriate for Lessee s intended use, and acknowledges that past uses of the Premises may no longer
be allowed. If the Premises do not comply with said warranty, Lessor shall, except as otherwise provided, promptly after receipt
of written notice from Lessee setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance, rectify the same at Lessor s
expense. If Lessee does not give Lessor written notice of a non-compliance with this warranty within 6 months following the Start Date,
correction of that non-compliance shall be the obligation of Lessee at Lessee s sole cost and expense. If the Applicable Requirements
are hereafter changed so as to require during the term of this Lease the construction of an addition to or an alteration of the Unit,
Premises and/or Building, the remediation of any Hazardous Substance, or the reinforcement or other physical modification of the
Unit, Premises and/or Building Capital Expenditure ), Lessor and Lessee shall allocate the cost of such work as
follows: 

(a) Subject
to Paragraph 2.3(c) below, if such Capital Expenditures are required as a result of the specific and unique use of the Premises
by Lessee as compared with uses by tenants in general, Lessee shall be fully responsible for the cost thereof, provided, however, that
if such Capital Expenditure is required during the last 2 years of this Lease and the cost thereof exceeds 6 months Base Rent,
Lessee may instead terminate this Lease unless Lessor notifies Lessee, in writing, within 10 days after receipt of Lessee s
termination notice that Lessor has elected to pay the difference between the actual cost thereof and the amount equal to 6 months 
Base Rent. If Lessee elects termination, Lessee shall immediately cease the use of the Premises which requires such Capital Expenditure
and deliver to Lessor written notice specifying a termination date at least 90 days thereafter. Such termination date shall, however,
in no event be earlier than the last day that Lessee could legally utilize the Premises without commencing such Capital Expenditure. 

(b) If
such Capital Expenditure is not the result of the specific and unique use of the Premises by Lessee (such as, governmentally mandated
seismic modifications), then Lessor shall pay for such Capital Expenditure and Lessee shall only be obligated to pay, each month
during the remainder of the term of this Lease or any extension thereof, on the date that on which the Base Rent is due, an amount equal
to 1/144th of the portion of such costs reasonably attributable to the Premises. Lessee shall pay Interest on the balance but may prepay
its obligation at any time. If, however, such Capital Expenditure is required during the last 2 years of this Lease or if Lessor reasonably
determines that it is not economically feasible to pay its share thereof, Lessor shall have the option to terminate this Lease upon 90
days prior written notice to Lessee unless Lessee notifies Lessor, in writing, within 10 days after receipt of Lessor s termination
notice that Lessee will pay for such Capital Expenditure. If Lessor does not elect to terminate, and fails to tender its share of any
such Capital Expenditure, Lessee may advance such funds and deduct same, with Interest, from Rent until Lessor s share of such
costs have been fully paid. If Lessee is unable to finance Lessor s share, or if the balance of the Rent due and payable for
the remainder of this Lease is not sufficient to fully reimburse Lessee on an offset basis, Lessee shall have the right to
terminate this Lease upon 30 days written notice to Lessor. 

(c) Notwithstanding
the above, the provisions concerning Capital Expenditures are intended to apply only to non-voluntary, unexpected, and new Applicable
Requirements. If the Capital Expenditures are instead triggered by Lessee as a result of an actual or proposed change in use, change
in intensity of use, or modification to the Premises then, and in that event, Lessee shall either: (i) immediately cease such changed
use or intensity of use and/or take such other steps as may be necessary to eliminate the requirement for such Capital Expenditure, or
(ii) complete such Capital Expenditure at its own expense. Lessee shall not have any right to terminate this Lease. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 2 of 35 

2.4
Acknowledgements . Lessee acknowledges that: (a) it has been given an opportunity to inspect and measure the Premises; (b) it has
been advised by Lessor and/or Brokers to satisfy itself with respect to the size and condition of the Premises (including but not limited
to the electrical, HVAC and fire sprinkler systems, security, environmental aspects, and compliance with Applicable Requirements
and the Americans with Disabilities Act), and their suitability for Lessee s intended use; (c) Lessee has made such investigation
as it deems necessary with reference to such matters and assumes all responsibility therefor as the same relate to its occupancy of the
Premises; (d) it is not relying on any representation as to the size of the Premises made by Brokers or Lessor; (e) the square footage
of the Premises was not material to Lessee s decision to lease the Premises and pay the Rent stated herein; and (f) neither Lessor,
Lessor s agents, nor Brokers have made any oral or written representations or warranties with respect to said matters other than
as set forth in this Lease. In addition, Lessor acknowledges that: (i) Brokers have made no representations, promises or warranties concerning
Lessee s ability to honor the Lease or suitability to occupy the Premises, and (ii) it is Lessor s sole responsibility to
investigate the financial capability and/or suitability of all proposed tenants. 

2.5
Lessee as Prior Owner/Occupant . The warranties made by Lessor in Paragraph 2 shall be of no force or effect if immediately prior
to the Start Date Lessee was the owner or occupant of the Premises. In such event, Lessee shall be responsible for any necessary corrective
work. 

2.6
Vehicle Parking . Lessee shall be entitled to use the number of Parking Spaces specified in Paragraph 1.2(b) on those portions
of the Common Areas designated from time to time by Lessor for parking. Lessee shall not use more parking spaces than said number. Said
parking spaces shall be used for parking by vehicles no larger than full-size passenger automobiles or pick-up trucks, herein called
 Permitted Size Vehicles . Lessor may regulate the loading and unloading of vehicles by adopting Rules and Regulations
as provided in Paragraph 2.9. No vehicles other than Permitted Size Vehicles may be parked in the Common Area without the prior written
permission of Lessor. In addition: 

(a)
Lessee shall not permit or allow any vehicles that belong to or are controlled by Lessee or Lessee s employees, suppliers,
shippers, customers, contractors or invitees to be loaded, unloaded, or parked in areas other than those designated by Lessor for
such activities. 

(b) Lessee shall not service or store any vehicles in the Common Areas. 

(c) If
Lessee permits or allows any of the prohibited activities described in this Paragraph 2.6, then Lessor shall have the right, without
notice, in addition to such other rights and remedies that it may have, to remove or tow away the vehicle involved and charge the cost
to Lessee, which cost shall be immediately payable upon demand by Lessor. 

2.7
 Common Areas - Definition . The term Common Areas is defined as all areas and facilities outside
the Premises and within the exterior boundary line of the Project and interior utility raceways and installations within the Unit that
are provided and designated by the Lessor from time to time for the general non-exclusive use of Lessor, Lessee and other tenants of
the Project and their respective employees, suppliers, shippers, customers, contractors and invitees, including parking areas, loading
and unloading areas, trash areas, roofs, roadways, walkways, driveways and landscaped areas. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 3 of 35 

2.8
 Common Areas - Lessee s Rights . Lessor grants to Lessee, for the benefit of Lessee and its employees, suppliers, shippers,
contractors, customers and invitees, during the term of this Lease, the non-exclusive right to use, in common with others entitled to
such use, the Common Areas as they exist from time to time, subject to any rights, powers, and privileges reserved by Lessor under the
terms hereof or under the terms of any rules and regulations or restrictions governing the use of the Project. Under no circumstances
shall the right herein granted to use the Common Areas be deemed to include the right to store any property, temporarily or permanently,
in the Common Areas. Any such storage shall be permitted only by the prior written consent of Lessor or Lessor s designated agent,
which consent may be revoked at any time. In the event that any unauthorized storage shall occur, then Lessor shall have the right, without
notice, in addition to such other rights and remedies that it may have, to remove the property and charge the cost to Lessee, which cost
shall be immediately payable upon demand by Lessor. 

2.9
 Common Areas - Rules and Regulations . Lessor or such other person(s) as Lessor may appoint shall have the exclusive control and
management of the Common Areas and shall have the right, from time to time, to establish, modify, amend and enforce reasonable rules
and regulations Rules and Regulations for the management, safety, care, and cleanliness of the grounds, the parking
and unloading of vehicles and the preservation of good order, as well as for the convenience of other occupants or tenants of the Building
and the Project and their invitees. Lessee agrees to abide by and conform to all such Rules and Regulations, and shall use its best efforts
to cause its employees, suppliers, shippers, customers, contractors and invitees to so abide and conform. Lessor shall not be responsible
to Lessee for the non-compliance with said Rules and Regulations by other tenants of the Project. 

2.10 Common Areas - Changes . Lessor shall have the right, in Lessor s sole discretion, from time to time: 

(a)
To make changes to the Common Areas, including, without limitation, changes in the location, size, shape and number of driveways, entrances,
parking spaces, parking areas, loading and unloading areas, ingress, egress, direction of traffic, landscaped areas, walkways and
utility raceways; 

(b)
To close temporarily any of the Common Areas for maintenance purposes so long as reasonable access to the Premises remains available; 

(c) To designate other land outside the boundaries of the Project to be a part of the Common Areas; 

(d) To add additional buildings and improvements to the Common Areas; 

(e)
To use the Common Areas while engaged in making additional improvements, repairs or alterations to the Project, or any portion
thereof; and 

(f) To
do and perform such other acts and make such other changes in, to or with respect to the Common Areas and Project as Lessor may, in the
exercise of sound business judgment, deem to be appropriate. 

3.
Term. 

3.1 Term . The Commencement Date, Expiration Date and Original Term of this Lease are as specified in Paragraph 1.3. 

3.2 Early
Possession . Any provision herein granting Lessee Early Possession of the Premises is subject to and conditioned upon the Premises
being available for such possession prior to the Commencement Date. Any grant of Early Possession only conveys a non-exclusive right
to occupy the Premises. If Lessee totally or partially occupies the Premises prior to the Commencement Date, the obligation to pay Base
Rent shall be abated for the period of such Early Possession. All other terms of this Lease (including but not limited to the obligations
to pay Lessee s Share of Common Area Operating Expenses, Real Property Taxes and insurance premiums and to maintain the Premises)
shall be in effect during such period. Any such Early Possession shall not affect the Expiration Date. 

3.3 Delay
In Possession . Lessor agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver exclusive possession of the Premises to Lessee
by the Commencement Date. If, despite said efforts, Lessor is unable to deliver possession by such date, Lessor shall not be subject
to any liability therefor, nor shall such failure affect the validity of this Lease or change the Expiration Date. Lessee shall
not, however, be obligated to pay Rent or perform its other obligations until Lessor delivers possession of the Premises and any period
of rent abatement that Lessee would otherwise have enjoyed shall run from the date of delivery of possession and continue for a period
equal to what Lessee would otherwise have enjoyed under the terms hereof, but minus any days of delay caused by the acts or omissions
of Lessee. If possession is not delivered within 60 days after the Commencement Date, as the same may be extended under the terms of
any Work Letter executed by Parties, Lessee may, at its option, by notice in writing within 10 days after the end of such 60 day period,
cancel this Lease, in which event the Parties shall be discharged from all obligations hereunder. If such written notice is not received
by Lessor within said 10 day period, Lessee s right to cancel shall terminate. If possession of the Premises is not delivered within
120 days after the Commencement Date, this Lease shall terminate unless other agreements are reached between Lessor and Lessee, in writing. 

3.4 Lessee
Compliance . Lessor shall not be required to tender possession of the Premises to Lessee until Lessee complies with its obligation
to provide evidence of insurance (Paragraph 8.5). Pending delivery of such evidence, Lessee shall be required to perform all of its obligations
under this Lease from and after the Start Date, including the payment of Rent, notwithstanding Lessor s election to withhold possession
pending receipt of such evidence of insurance. Further, if Lessee is required to perform any other conditions prior to or concurrent
with the Start Date, the Start Date shall occur but Lessor may elect to withhold possession until such conditions are satisfied. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 4 of 35 

4. Rent. 

4.1.
 Rent Defined . All monetary obligations of Lessee to Lessor under the terms of this Lease (except for the Security Deposit)
are deemed to be rent Rent ). 

4.2
 Common Area Operating Expenses . Lessee shall pay to Lessor during the term hereof, in addition to the Base Rent, Lessee s
Share (as specified in Paragraph 1.6) of all Common Area Operating Expenses, as hereinafter defined, during each calendar year
of the term of this Lease, in accordance with the following provisions: 

(a) The following costs relating to the ownership and operation of the Project are defined as Common Area Operating Expenses : 

(i) Costs
relating to the operation, repair and maintenance, in neat, clean, good order and condition, but not the replacement (see subparagraph
(e)), of the following: 

(aa)
The Common Areas and Common Area improvements, including parking areas, loading and unloading areas, trash areas, roadways, parkways,
walkways, driveways, landscaped areas, bumpers, irrigation systems, Common Area lighting facilities, fences and gates, elevators, roofs,
exterior walls of the buildings, building systems and roof drainage systems. 

(bb)
Exterior signs and any tenant directories. 

(cc) Any fire sprinkler systems. 

(dd)
All other areas and improvements that are within the exterior boundaries of the Project but outside of the Premises and/or any other
space occupied by a tenant. 

(ii) The cost of water, gas, electricity and telephone to service the Common Areas and any utilities not separately metered. 

(iii) The
cost of trash disposal, pest control services, property management, security services, owners association dues and fees, the cost
to repaint the exterior of any structures and the cost of any environmental inspections. 

(iv) Reserves set aside for maintenance and repair of Common Areas and Common Area equipment. 

(v) Any increase above the Base Real Property Taxes (as defined in Paragraph 10). 

(vi) Any Insurance Cost Increase (as defined in Paragraph 8). 

(vii) Any deductible portion of an insured loss concerning the Building or the Common Areas. 

(viii)
Auditors , accountants and attorneys fees and costs related to the operation, maintenance, repair and replacement
of the Project. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 5 of 35 

(ix) The
cost of any capital improvement to the Building or the Project not covered under the provisions of Paragraph 2.3 provided; however, that
Lessor shall allocate the cost of any such capital improvement over a 12 year period and Lessee shall not be required to pay more than
Lessee s Share of 1/144th of the cost of such capital improvement in any given month. Lessee shall pay Interest on the unamortized
balance but may prepay its obligation at any time. 

(x)
The cost of any other services to be provided by Lessor that are stated elsewhere in this Lease to be a Common Area Operating Expense. 

(b)
Any Common Area Operating Expenses and Real Property Taxes that are specifically attributable to the Unit, the Building or to any
other building in the Project or to the operation, repair and maintenance thereof, shall be allocated entirely to such Unit, Building,
or other building. However, any Common Area Operating Expenses and Real Property Taxes that are not specifically attributable to
the Building or to any other building or to the operation, repair and maintenance thereof, shall be equitably allocated by Lessor to
all buildings in the Project. 

(c) The
inclusion of the improvements, facilities and services set forth in Subparagraph 4.2(a) shall not be deemed to impose an obligation upon
Lessor to either have said improvements or facilities or to provide those services unless the Project already has the same, Lessor already
provides the services, or Lessor has agreed elsewhere in this Lease to provide the same or some of them. 

(d)
Lessee s Share of Common Area Operating Expenses is payable monthly on the same day as the Base Rent is due hereunder. The amount
of such payments shall be based on Lessor s estimate of the annual Common Area Operating Expenses. Within 60 days after written
request (but not more than once each year) Lessor shall deliver to Lessee a reasonably detailed statement showing Lessee s Share
of the actual Common Area Operating Expenses for the preceding year. If Lessee s payments during such year exceed Lessee s
Share, Lessor shall credit the amount of such over-payment against Lessee s future payments. If Lessee s payments during
such year were less than Lessee s Share, Lessee shall pay to Lessor the amount of the deficiency within 10 days after delivery
by Lessor to Lessee of the statement. 

(e) Common
Area Operating Expenses shall not include the cost of replacing equipment or capital components such as the roof, foundations, exterior
walls or Common Area capital improvements, such as the parking lot paving, elevators, fences that have a useful life for accounting purposes
of 5 years or more. 

(f)
Common Area Operating Expenses shall not include any expenses paid by any tenant directly to third parties, or as to which Lessor is
otherwise reimbursed by any third party, other tenant, or insurance proceeds. 

4.3 Payment .
Lessee shall cause payment of Rent to be received by Lessor in lawful money of the United States, without offset or deduction (except
as specifically permitted in this Lease), on or before the day on which it is due. All monetary amounts shall be rounded to the
nearest whole dollar. In the event that any statement or invoice prepared by Lessor is inaccurate such inaccuracy shall not constitute
a waiver and Lessee shall be obligated to pay the amount set forth in this Lease. Rent for any period during the term hereof which is
for less than one full calendar month shall be prorated based upon the actual number of days of said month. Payment of Rent shall be
made to Lessor at its address stated herein or to such other persons or place as Lessor may from time to time designate in writing. Acceptance
of a payment which is less than the amount then due shall not be a waiver of Lessor s rights to the balance of such Rent, regardless
of Lessor s endorsement of any check so stating. In the event that any check, draft, or other instrument of payment given by Lessee
to Lessor is dishonored for any reason, Lessee agrees to pay to Lessor the sum of 25 in addition to any Late Charge and Lessor, at its
option, may require all future Rent be paid by cashier s check. Payments will be applied first to accrued late charges and
attorney s fees, second to accrued interest, then to Base Rent and Common Area Operating Expenses, and any remaining amount to
any other outstanding charges or costs. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 6 of 35 

5. Security
Deposit. Lessee shall deposit with Lessor upon execution hereof the Security Deposit as security for Lessee s faithful performance
of its obligations under this Lease. If Lessee fails to pay Rent, or otherwise Defaults under this Lease, Lessor may use, apply or retain
all or any portion of said Security Deposit for the payment of any amount already due Lessor, for Rents which will be due in the future,
and/ or to reimburse or compensate Lessor for any liability, expense, loss or damage which Lessor may suffer or incur by reason
thereof. If Lessor uses or applies all or any portion of the Security Deposit, Lessee shall within 10 days after written request therefor
deposit monies with Lessor sufficient to restore said Security Deposit to the full amount required by this Lease. If the Base Rent
increases during the term of this Lease, Lessee shall, upon written request from Lessor, deposit additional monies with Lessor so that
the total amount of the Security Deposit shall at all times bear the same proportion to the increased Base Rent as the initial Security
Deposit bore to the initial Base Rent. Should the Agreed Use be amended to accommodate a material change in the business of Lessee or
to accommodate a sublessee or assignee, Lessor shall have the right to increase the Security Deposit to the extent necessary, in Lessor s
reasonable judgment, to account for any increased wear and tear that the Premises may suffer as a result thereof. If a change in
control of Lessee occurs during this Lease and following such change the financial condition of Lessee is, in Lessor s reasonable
judgment, significantly reduced, Lessee shall deposit such additional monies with Lessor as shall be sufficient to cause the
Security Deposit to be at a commercially reasonable level based on such change in financial condition. Lessor shall not be required
to keep the Security Deposit separate from its general accounts. Within 90 days after the expiration or termination of this Lease, Lessor
shall return that portion of the Security Deposit not used or applied by Lessor. Lessor shall upon written request provide Lessee with
an accounting showing how that portion of the Security Deposit that was not returned was applied. No part of the Security Deposit shall
be considered to be held in trust, to bear interest or to be prepayment for any monies to be paid by Lessee under this Lease. THE SECURITY
DEPOSIT SHALL NOT BE USED BY LESSEE IN LIEU OF PAYMENT OF THE LAST MONTH S RENT. 

6. Use. 

6.1 Use .
Lessee shall use and occupy the Premises only for the Agreed Use, or any other legal use which is reasonably comparable thereto, and
for no other purpose. Lessee shall not use or permit the use of the Premises in a manner that is unlawful, creates damage, waste or a
nuisance, or that disturbs occupants of or causes damage to neighboring premises or properties. Other than guide, signal and seeing eye
dogs, Lessee shall not keep or allow in the Premises any pets, animals, birds, fish, or reptiles. Lessor shall not unreasonably
withhold or delay its consent to any written request for a modification of the Agreed Use, so long as the same will not impair the
structural integrity of the Building or the mechanical or electrical systems therein, and/or is not significantly more burdensome
to the Project. If Lessor elects to withhold consent, Lessor shall within 7 days after such request give written notification of
same, which notice shall include an explanation of Lessor s objections to the change in the Agreed Use. 

6.2
 Hazardous Substances. 

(a) Reportable
Uses Require Consent . The term Hazardous Substance as used in this Lease shall mean any product, substance,
or waste whose presence, use, manufacture, disposal, transportation, or release, either by itself or in combination with other
materials expected to be on the Premises, is either: (i) potentially injurious to the public health, safety or welfare, the
environment or the Premises; (ii) regulated or monitored by any governmental authority, or (iii) a basis for potential liability of
Lessor to any governmental agency or third party under any applicable statute or common law theory. Hazardous Substances shall
include, but not be limited to, hydrocarbons, petroleum, gasoline, and/or crude oil or any products, by-products or fractions
thereof. Lessee shall not engage in any activity in or on the Premises which constitutes a Reportable Use of Hazardous Substances
without the express prior written consent of Lessor and timely compliance (at Lessee s expense) with all Applicable
Requirements. Reportable Use shall mean (i) the installation or use of any above or below ground storage tank;
(ii) the generation, possession, storage, use, transportation, or disposal of a Hazardous Substance that requires a permit from, or
with respect to which a report, notice, registration or business plan is required to be filed with, any governmental authority,
and/or (iii) the presence at the Premises of a Hazardous Substance with respect to which any Applicable Requirements requires that a
notice be given to persons entering or occupying the Premises or neighboring properties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lessee may
use any ordinary and customary materials reasonably required to be used in the normal course of the Agreed Use, ordinary office
supplies (copier toner, liquid paper, glue, etc.) and common household cleaning materials, so long as such use is in compliance with
all Applicable Requirements, is not a Reportable Use, and does not expose the Premises or neighboring property to any meaningful
risk of contamination or damage or expose Lessor to any liability therefor. In addition, Lessor may condition its consent to any
Reportable Use upon receiving such additional assurances as Lessor reasonably deems necessary to protect itself, the public, the
Premises and/or the environment against damage, contamination, injury and/or liability, including, but not limited to, the
installation (and removal on or before Lease expiration or termination) of protective modifications (such as concrete
encasements) and/or increasing the Security Deposit. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 7 of 35 

(b) Duty
to Inform Lessor . If Lessee knows, or has reasonable cause to believe, that a Hazardous Substance has come to be located in, on,
under or about the Premises, other than as previously consented to by Lessor, Lessee shall immediately give written notice of such fact
to Lessor, and provide Lessor with a copy of any report, notice, claim or other documentation which it has concerning the presence of
such Hazardous Substance. 

(c) Lessee
Remediation . Lessee shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Substance to be spilled or released in, on, under, or about the Premises
(including through the plumbing or sanitary sewer system) and shall promptly, at Lessee s expense, comply with all Applicable Requirements
and take all investigatory and/or remedial action reasonably recommended, whether or not formally ordered or required, for the cleanup
of any contamination of, and for the maintenance, security and/or monitoring of the Premises or neighboring properties, that was caused
or materially contributed to by Lessee, or pertaining to or involving any Hazardous Substance brought onto the Premises during the term
of this Lease, by or for Lessee, or any third party. 

(d)
 Lessee Indemnification . Lessee shall indemnify, defend and hold Lessor, its agents, employees, lenders and ground lessor,
if any, harmless from and against any and all loss of rents and/or damages, liabilities, judgments, claims, expenses, penalties, and
attorneys and consultants fees arising out of or involving any Hazardous Substance brought onto the Premises by or for
Lessee, or any third party (provided, however, that Lessee shall have no liability under this Lease with respect to underground migration
of any Hazardous Substance under the Premises from areas outside of the Project not caused or contributed to by Lessee). Lessee s
obligations shall include, but not be limited to, the effects of any contamination or injury to person, property or the environment
created or suffered by Lessee, and the cost of investigation, removal, remediation, restoration and/or abatement, and shall survive
the expiration or termination of this Lease. No termination, cancellation or release agreement entered into by Lessor and Lessee shall
release Lessee from its obligations under this Lease with respect to Hazardous Substances, unless specifically so agreed by Lessor
in writing at the time of such agreement. 

(e) Lessor
Indemnification . Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 8.7, Lessor and its successors and assigns shall indemnify, defend,
reimburse and hold Lessee, its employees and lenders, harmless from and against any and all environmental damages, including the cost
of remediation, which are suffered as a direct result of Hazardous Substances on the Premises prior to Lessee taking possession
or which are caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Lessor, its agents or employees. Lessor s obligations, as
and when required by the Applicable Requirements, shall include, but not be limited to, the cost of investigation, removal, remediation,
restoration and/or abatement, and shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease. 

(f)
 Investigations and Remediations . Lessor shall retain the responsibility and pay for any investigations or remediation measures
required by governmental entities having jurisdiction with respect to the existence of Hazardous Substances on the Premises prior to
the Lessee taking possession, unless such remediation measure is required as a result of Lessee s use (including Alterations ,
as defined in paragraph 7.3(a) below) of the Premises, in which event Lessee shall be responsible for such payment. Lessee shall
cooperate fully in any such activities at the request of Lessor, including allowing Lessor and Lessor s agents to have reasonable
access to the Premises at reasonable times in order to carry out Lessor s investigative and remedial responsibilities. 

(g) Lessor
Termination Option . If a Hazardous Substance Condition (see Paragraph 9.1(e)) occurs during the term of this Lease, unless Lessee
is legally responsible therefor (in which case Lessee shall make the investigation and remediation thereof required by the Applicable
Requirements and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, but subject to Lessor s rights under Paragraph 6.2(d)
and Paragraph 13), Lessor may, at Lessor s option, either (i) investigate and remediate such Hazardous Substance Condition, if
required, as soon as reasonably possible at Lessor s expense, in which event this Lease shall continue in full force and effect,
or (ii) if the estimated cost to remediate such condition exceeds 12 times the then monthly Base Rent or 100,000, whichever is greater,
give written notice to Lessee, within 30 days after receipt by Lessor of knowledge of the occurrence of such Hazardous Substance Condition,
of Lessor s desire to terminate this Lease as of the date 60 days following the date of such notice. In the event Lessor elects
to give a termination notice, Lessee may, within 10 days thereafter, give written notice to Lessor of Lessee s commitment to pay
the amount by which the cost of the remediation of such Hazardous Substance Condition exceeds an amount equal to 12 times the then monthly
Base Rent or 100,000, whichever is greater. Lessee shall provide Lessor with said funds or satisfactory assurance thereof within 30
days following such commitment. In such event, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, and Lessor shall proceed to make
such remediation as soon as reasonably possible after the required funds are available. If Lessee does not give such notice and provide
the required funds or assurance thereof within the time provided, this Lease shall terminate as of the date specified in Lessor s
notice of termination. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 8 of 35 

6.3 Lessee s
Compliance with Applicable Requirements . Except as otherwise provided in this Lease, Lessee shall, at Lessee s sole expense,
fully, diligently and in a timely manner, materially comply with all Applicable Requirements, the requirements of any applicable fire
insurance underwriter or rating bureau, and the recommendations of Lessor s engineers and/or consultants which relate in any manner
to the Premises, without regard to whether said Applicable Requirements are now in effect or become effective after the Start
Date. Lessee shall, within 10 days after receipt of Lessor s written request, provide Lessor with copies of all permits and other
documents, and other information evidencing Lessee s compliance with any Applicable Requirements specified by Lessor, and
shall immediately upon receipt, notify Lessor in writing (with copies of any documents involved) of any threatened or actual claim, notice,
citation, warning, complaint or report pertaining to or involving the failure of Lessee or the Premises to comply with any Applicable
Requirements. Likewise, Lessee shall immediately give written notice to Lessor of: (i) any water damage to the Premises and any suspected
seepage, pooling, dampness or other condition conducive to the production of mold; or (ii) any mustiness or other odors that might indicate
the presence of mold in the Premises. 

6.4 Inspection;
Compliance . Lessor and Lessor s Lender (as defined in Paragraph 30) and consultants authorized by
Lessor shall have the right to enter into Premises at any time in the case of an emergency, and otherwise at reasonable times after reasonable
notice, for the purpose of inspecting and/or testing the condition of the Premises and/or for verifying compliance by Lessee with this
Lease. The cost of any such inspections shall be paid by Lessor, unless a violation of Applicable Requirements, or a Hazardous Substance
Condition (see Paragraph 9.1(e)) is found to exist or be imminent, or the inspection is requested or ordered by a governmental authority.
In such case, Lessee shall upon request reimburse Lessor for the cost of such inspection, so long as such inspection is reasonably related
to the violation or contamination. In addition, Lessee shall provide copies of all relevant material safety data sheets MSDS to Lessor within 10 days of the receipt of written request therefor. Lessee acknowledges that any failure on its part to allow such inspections
or testing will expose Lessor to risks and potentially cause Lessor to incur costs not contemplated by this Lease, the extent of which
will be extremely difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, should the Lessee fail to allow such inspections and/or testing in a timely
fashion the Base Rent shall be automatically increased, without any requirement for notice to Lessee, by an amount equal to 10 of the
then existing Base Rent or 100, whichever is greater for the remainder to the Lease. The Parties agree that such increase in Base Rent
represents fair and reasonable compensation for the additional risk/costs that Lessor will incur by reason of Lessee s failure
to allow such inspection and/or testing. Such increase in Base Rent shall in no event constitute a waiver of Lessee s Default or
Breach with respect to such failure nor prevent the exercise of any of the other rights and remedies granted hereunder. 

7. Maintenance; Repairs; Utility Installations; Trade Fixtures and Alterations. 

7.1 Lessee s Obligations . 

(a) In
General . Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 2.2 (Condition), 2.3 (Compliance), 6.3 (Lessee s Compliance with
Applicable Requirements), 7.2 (Lessor s Obligations), 9 (Damage or Destruction), and 14 (Condemnation), Lessee shall, at
Lessee s sole expense, keep the Premises, Utility Installations (intended for Lessee s exclusive use, no matter where
located), and Alterations in good order, condition and repair (whether or not the portion of the Premises requiring repairs, or the
means of repairing the same, are reasonably or readily accessible to Lessee, and whether or not the need for such repairs occurs as
a result of Lessee s use, any prior use, the elements or the age of such portion of the Premises), including, but not limited
to, all equipment or facilities, such as plumbing, HVAC equipment, electrical, lighting facilities, boilers, pressure vessels,
fixtures, interior walls, interior surfaces of exterior walls, ceilings, floors, windows, doors, plate glass, and
skylights but excluding any items which are the responsibility of Lessor pursuant to Paragraph 7.2. Lessee, in keeping the Premises
in good order, condition and repair, shall exercise and perform good maintenance practices, specifically including the
procurement and maintenance of the service contracts required by Paragraph 7.1(b) below. Lessee s obligations shall include
restorations, replacements or renewals when necessary to keep the Premises and all improvements thereon or a part thereof in good
order, condition and state of repair. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 9 of 35 

(b)
 Service Contracts . Lessee shall, at Lessee s sole expense, procure and maintain contracts, with copies to Lessor, in customary
form and substance for, and with contractors specializing and experienced in the maintenance of the following equipment and improvements,
if any, if and when installed on the Premises: (i) HVAC equipment, (ii) boiler and pressure vessels, and (iii) clarifiers. However,
Lessor reserves the right, upon notice to Lessee, to procure and maintain any or all of such service contracts, and Lessee shall reimburse
Lessor, upon demand, for the cost thereof. 

(c) Failure
to Perform . If Lessee fails to perform Lessee s obligations under this Paragraph 7.1, Lessor may enter upon the Premises after
10 days prior written notice to Lessee (except in the case of an emergency, in which case no notice shall be required), perform
such obligations on Lessee s behalf, and put the Premises in good order, condition and repair, and Lessee shall promptly pay to
Lessor a sum equal to 115 of the cost thereof. 

(d) Replacement .
Subject to Lessee s indemnification of Lessor as set forth in Paragraph 8.7 below, and without relieving Lessee of liability
resulting from Lessee s failure to exercise and perform good maintenance practices, if an item described in Paragraph 7.1(b) cannot
be repaired other than at a cost which is in excess of 50 of the cost of replacing such item, then such item shall be replaced by Lessor,
and the cost thereof shall be prorated between the Parties and Lessee shall only be obligated to pay, each month during the remainder
of the term of this Lease or any extension thereof, on the date on which Base Rent is due, an amount equal to the product of multiplying
the cost of such replacement by a fraction, the numerator of which is one, and the denominator of which is 144 (i.e. 1/144th of the cost
per month). Lessee shall pay Interest on the unamortized balance but may prepay its obligation at any time. 

7.2 Lessor s
Obligations . Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 2.2 (Condition), 2.3 (Compliance), 4.2 (Common Area Operating Expenses), 6 (Use),
7.1 (Lessee s Obligations), 9 (Damage or Destruction) and 14 (Condemnation), Lessor, subject to reimbursement pursuant to Paragraph
4.2, shall keep in good order, condition and repair the foundations, exterior walls, structural condition of interior bearing walls,
exterior roof, fire sprinkler system, Common Area fire alarm and/or smoke detection systems, fire hydrants, parking lots,
walkways, parkways, driveways, landscaping, fences, signs and utility systems serving the Common Areas and all parts thereof, as well
as providing the services for which there is a Common Area Operating Expense pursuant to Paragraph 4.2. Lessor shall not be obligated
to paint the exterior or interior surfaces of exterior walls nor shall Lessor be obligated to maintain, repair or replace windows, doors
or plate glass of the Premises. 

7.3 Utility Installations; Trade Fixtures; Alterations. 

(a) Definitions. 
The term Utility Installations refers to all floor and window coverings, air and/or vacuum lines, power panels,
electrical distribution, security and fire protection systems, communication cabling, lighting fixtures, HVAC equipment, plumbing,
and fencing in or on the Premises. The term Trade Fixtures shall mean Lessee s machinery and equipment that
can be removed without doing material damage to the Premises. The term Alterations shall mean any modification of
the improvements, other than Utility Installations or Trade Fixtures, whether by addition or deletion. Lessee Owned Alterations
and/or Utility Installations are defined as Alterations and/or Utility Installations made by Lessee that are not yet
owned by Lessor pursuant to Paragraph 7.4(a). 

(b)
 Consent . Lessee shall not make any Alterations or Utility Installations to the Premises without Lessor s prior written consent.
Lessee may, however, make non-structural Alterations or Utility Installations to the interior of the Premises (excluding the roof) without
such consent but upon notice to Lessor, as long as they are not visible from the outside, do not involve puncturing, relocating or removing
the roof or any existing walls, will not affect the electrical, plumbing, HVAC, and/or life safety systems, do not trigger the requirement
for additional modifications and/or improvements to the Premises resulting from Applicable Requirements, such as compliance with
Title 24, and the cumulative cost thereof during this Lease as extended does not exceed a sum equal to 3 month s Base Rent in the
aggregate or a sum equal to one month s Base Rent in any one year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lessee shall not make or permit
any roof penetrations and/or install anything on the roof without the prior written approval of Lessor. Lessor may, as a precondition
to granting such approval, require Lessee to utilize a contractor chosen and/or approved by Lessor. Any Alterations or Utility Installations
that Lessee shall desire to make and which require the consent of the Lessor shall be presented to Lessor in written form with detailed
plans. Consent shall be deemed conditioned upon Lessee s: (i) acquiring all applicable governmental permits, (ii) furnishing Lessor
with copies of both the permits and the plans and specifications prior to commencement of the work, and (iii) compliance with all
conditions of said permits and other Applicable Requirements in a prompt and expeditious manner. Any Alterations or Utility Installations
shall be performed in a workmanlike manner with good and sufficient materials. Lessee shall promptly upon completion furnish Lessor
with as-built plans and specifications. For work which costs an amount in excess of one month s Base Rent, Lessor may condition
its consent upon Lessee providing a lien and completion bond in an amount equal to 150 of the estimated cost of such Alteration or Utility
Installation and/or upon Lessee s posting an additional Security Deposit with Lessor. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 10 of 35 

(c) Liens;
Bonds . Lessee shall pay, when due, all claims for labor or materials furnished or alleged to have been furnished to or for Lessee
at or for use on the Premises, which claims are or may be secured by any mechanic s or materialmen s lien against the Premises
or any interest therein. Lessee shall give Lessor not less than 10 days notice prior to the commencement of any work in, on or about
the Premises, and Lessor shall have the right to post notices of non-responsibility. If Lessee shall contest the validity of any such
lien, claim or demand, then Lessee shall, at its sole expense defend and protect itself, Lessor and the Premises against the same and
shall pay and satisfy any such adverse judgment that may be rendered thereon before the enforcement thereof. If Lessor shall require,
Lessee shall furnish a surety bond in an amount equal to 150 of the amount of such contested lien, claim or demand, indemnifying Lessor
against liability for the same. If Lessor elects to participate in any such action, Lessee shall pay Lessor s attorneys 
fees and costs. 

7.4 Ownership; Removal; Surrender; and Restoration. 

(a) Ownership .
Subject to Lessor s right to require removal or elect ownership as hereinafter provided, all Alterations and Utility Installations
made by Lessee shall be the property of Lessee, but considered a part of the Premises. Lessor may, at any time, elect in writing to be
the owner of all or any specified part of the Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations. Unless otherwise instructed per
paragraph 7.4(b) hereof, all Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations shall, at the expiration or termination of this Lease,
become the property of Lessor and be surrendered by Lessee with the Premises. 

(b) Removal .
By delivery to Lessee of written notice from Lessor not earlier than 90 and not later than 30 days prior to the end of the term of this
Lease, Lessor may require that any or all Lessee Owned Alterations or Utility Installations be removed by the expiration or termination
of this Lease. Lessor may require the removal at any time of all or any part of any Lessee Owned Alterations or Utility Installations
made without the required consent. 

(c) Surrender;
Restoration . Lessee shall surrender the Premises by the Expiration Date or any earlier termination date, with all of the
improvements, parts and surfaces thereof broom clean and free of debris, and in good operating order, condition and state of repair,
ordinary wear and tear excepted. Ordinary wear and tear shall not include any damage or deterioration that would have
been prevented by good maintenance practice. Notwithstanding the foregoing and the provisions of Paragraph 7.1(a), if the Lessee
occupies the Premises for 12 months or less, then Lessee shall surrender the Premises in the same condition as delivered to Lessee
on the Start Date with NO allowance for ordinary wear and tear. Lessee shall repair any damage occasioned by the installation,
maintenance or removal of Trade Fixtures, Lessee owned Alterations and/or Utility Installations, furnishings, and equipment as well
as the removal of any storage tank installed by or for Lessee. Lessee shall also remove from the Premises any and all Hazardous
Substances brought onto the Premises by or for Lessee, or any third party (except Hazardous Substances which were deposited via
underground migration from areas outside of the Premises) to the level specified in Applicable Requirements. Trade Fixtures
shall remain the property of Lessee and shall be removed by Lessee. Any personal property of Lessee not removed on or before the
Expiration Date or any earlier termination date shall be deemed to have been abandoned by Lessee and may be disposed of or retained
by Lessor as Lessor may desire. The failure by Lessee to timely vacate the Premises pursuant to this Paragraph 7.4(c) without the
express written consent of Lessor shall constitute a holdover under the provisions of Paragraph 26 below. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 11 of 35 

8. Insurance; Indemnity. 

8.1 Payment of Premium Increases . 

(a) As
used herein, the term Insurance Cost Increase is defined as any increase in the actual cost of the insurance
applicable to the Building and/or the Project and required to be carried by Lessor, pursuant to Paragraphs 8.2(b), 8.3(a) and 8.3(b),
over and above the Base Premium, as hereinafter defined, calculated on an annual basis. Insurance Cost Increase shall include, but
not be limited to, requirements of the holder of a mortgage or deed of trust covering the Premises, Building and/or Project, increased
valuation of the Premises, Building and/or Project, and/or a general premium rate increase. The term Insurance Cost Increase shall not,
however, include any premium increases resulting from the nature of the occupancy of any other tenant of the Building. The Base
Premium shall be the annual premium applicable to the 12 month period immediately preceding the Start Date. If, however, the
Project was not insured for the entirety of such 12 month period, then the Base Premium shall be the lowest annual premium reasonably
obtainable for the Required Insurance as of the Start Date, assuming the most nominal use possible of the Building. In no event, however,
shall Lessee be responsible for any portion of the premium cost attributable to liability insurance coverage in excess of 2,000,000
procured under Paragraph 8.2(b). 

(b) Lessee
shall pay any Insurance Cost Increase to Lessor pursuant to Paragraph 4.2. Premiums for policy periods commencing prior to, or extending
beyond, the term of this Lease shall be prorated to coincide with the corresponding Start Date or Expiration Date. 

8.2 Liability Insurance. 

(a) Carried
by Lessee . Lessee shall obtain and keep in force a Commercial General Liability policy of insurance protecting Lessee and Lessor
as an additional insured against claims for bodily injury, personal injury and property damage based upon or arising out of the ownership,
use, occupancy or maintenance of the Premises and all areas appurtenant thereto. Such insurance shall be on an occurrence basis providing
single limit coverage in an amount not less than 1,000,000 per occurrence with an annual aggregate of not less than 2,000,000. Lessee
shall add Lessor as an additional insured by means of an endorsement at least as broad as the Insurance Service Organization s
 Additional Insured-Managers or Lessors of Premises Endorsement. The policy shall not contain any intra-insured exclusions
as between insured persons or organizations, but shall include coverage for liability assumed under this Lease as an insured
contract for the performance of Lessee s indemnity obligations under this Lease. The limits of said insurance shall
not, however, limit the liability of Lessee nor relieve Lessee of any obligation hereunder. Lessee shall provide an endorsement on its
liability policy(ies) which provides that its insurance shall be primary to and not contributory with any similar insurance carried by
Lessor, whose insurance shall be considered excess insurance only. 

(b) Carried
by Lessor . Lessor shall maintain liability insurance as described in Paragraph 8.2(a), in addition to, and not in lieu of, the insurance
required to be maintained by Lessee. Lessee shall not be named as an additional insured therein. 

8.3 Property Insurance - Building, Improvements and Rental Value. 

(a) Building
and Improvements . Lessor shall obtain and keep in force a policy or policies of insurance in the name of Lessor, with loss payable
to Lessor, any ground-lessor, and to any Lender insuring loss or damage to the Premises. The amount of such insurance shall be equal
to the full insurable replacement cost of the Premises, as the same shall exist from time to time, or the amount required by any Lender,
but in no event more than the commercially reasonable and available insurable value thereof. Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations,
Trade Fixtures, and Lessee s personal property shall be insured by Lessee not by Lessor. If the coverage is available and commercially
appropriate, such policy or policies shall insure against all risks of direct physical loss or damage (except the perils of flood
and/or earthquake unless required by a Lender), including coverage for debris removal and the enforcement of any Applicable Requirements
requiring the upgrading, demolition, reconstruction or replacement of any portion of the Premises as the result of a covered loss. Said
policy or policies shall also contain an agreed valuation provision in lieu of any coinsurance clause, waiver of subrogation, and inflation
guard protection causing an increase in the annual property insurance coverage amount by a factor of not less than the adjusted U.S.
Department of Labor Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the city nearest to where the Premises are located. If such insurance
coverage has a deductible clause, the deductible amount shall not exceed 5,000 per occurrence. 

(b) Rental
Value . Lessor shall also obtain and keep in force a policy or policies in the name of Lessor with loss payable to Lessor and any
Lender, insuring the loss of the full Rent for one year with an extended period of indemnity for an additional 180 days Rental
Value insurance ). Said insurance shall contain an agreed valuation provision in lieu of any coinsurance clause, and the amount
of coverage shall be adjusted annually to reflect the projected Rent otherwise payable by Lessee, for the next 12 month period. 

(c) Adjacent
Premises . Lessee shall pay for any increase in the premiums for the property insurance of the Building and for the Common Areas or
other buildings in the Project if said increase is caused by Lessee s acts, omissions, use or occupancy of the Premises. 

(d) Lessee s
Improvements . Since Lessor is the Insuring Party, Lessor shall not be required to insure Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations
unless the item in question has become the property of Lessor under the terms of this Lease. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 12 of 35 

8.4 Lessee s Property; Business Interruption Insurance; Worker s Compensation Insurance. 

(a) Property
Damage . Lessee shall obtain and maintain insurance coverage on all of Lessee s personal property, Trade Fixtures, and Lessee
Owned Alterations and Utility Installations. Such insurance shall be full replacement cost coverage with a deductible of not to exceed
 1,000 per occurrence. The proceeds from any such insurance shall be used by Lessee for the replacement of personal property, Trade Fixtures
and Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations. 

(b) Business
Interruption . Lessee shall obtain and maintain loss of income and extra expense insurance in amounts as will reimburse Lessee for
direct or indirect loss of earnings attributable to all perils commonly insured against by prudent lessees in the business of Lessee
or attributable to prevention of access to the Premises as a result of such perils. 

(c)
 Worker s Compensation Insurance . Lessee shall obtain and maintain Worker s Compensation Insurance in such amount as
may be required by Applicable Requirements. Such policy shall include a Waiver of Subrogation endorsement. Lessee shall
provide Lessor with a copy of such endorsement along with the certificate of insurance or copy of the policy required by paragraph
8.5. 

(d) No
Representation of Adequate Coverage . Lessor makes no representation that the limits or forms of coverage of insurance 
specified herein are adequate to cover Lessee s property, business operations or obligations under this Lease. 

8.5 Insurance
Policies . Insurance required herein shall be by companies maintaining during the policy term a General Policyholders Rating 
of at least A-, VII, as set forth in the most current issue of Best s Insurance Guide , or such other rating as may
be required by a Lender. Lessee shall not do or permit to be done anything which invalidates the required insurance policies. Lessee
shall, prior to the Start Date, deliver to Lessor certified copies of policies of such insurance or certificates with copies
of the required endorsements evidencing the existence and amounts of the required insurance. No such policy shall be cancelable or subject
to modification except after 30 days prior written notice to Lessor. Lessee shall, at least 10 days prior to the expiration of such
policies, furnish Lessor with evidence of renewals or insurance binders evidencing renewal thereof, or Lessor may increase
his liability insurance coverage and charge the cost thereof to Lessee, which amount shall be payable by Lessee to Lessor upon demand.
Such policies shall be for a term of at least one year, or the length of the remaining term of this Lease, whichever is less. If either
Party shall fail to procure and maintain the insurance required to be carried by it, the other Party may, but shall not be required to,
procure and maintain the same. 

8.6 Waiver
of Subrogation . Without affecting any other rights or remedies, Lessee and Lessor each hereby release and relieve the other,
and waive their entire right to recover damages against the other, for loss of or damage to its property arising out of or incident to
the perils required to be insured against herein. The effect of such releases and waivers is not limited by the amount of insurance
carried or required, or by any deductibles applicable hereto. The Parties agree to have their respective property damage insurance carriers
waive any right to subrogation that such companies may have against Lessor or Lessee, as the case may be, so long as the insurance is
not invalidated thereby. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 13 of 35 

8.7 Indemnity .
Except for Lessor s gross negligence or willful misconduct, Lessee shall indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless the Premises,
Lessor and its agents, Lessor s master or ground lessor, partners and Lenders, from and against any and all claims, loss of rents
and/or damages, liens, judgments, penalties, attorneys and consultants fees, expenses and/or liabilities arising out of,
involving, or in connection with, a Breach of the Lease by Lessee and/or the use and/or occupancy of the Premises and/or Project by Lessee
and/or by Lessee s employees, contractors or invitees. If any action or proceeding is brought against Lessor by reason of any of
the foregoing matters, Lessee shall upon notice defend the same at Lessee s expense by counsel reasonably satisfactory to Lessor
and Lessor shall cooperate with Lessee in such defense. Lessor need not have first paid any such claim in order to be defended or
indemnified. 

8.8 Exemption
of Lessor and its Agents from Liability . Notwithstanding the negligence or breach of this Lease by Lessor or its agents, neither
Lessor nor its agents shall be liable under any circumstances for: (i) injury or damage to the person or goods, wares, merchandise or
other property of Lessee, Lessee s employees, contractors, invitees, customers, or any other person in or about the Premises, whether
such damage or injury is caused by or results from fire, steam, electricity, gas, water or rain, indoor air quality, the presence
of mold or from the breakage, leakage, obstruction or other defects of pipes, fire sprinklers, wires, appliances, plumbing, HVAC
or lighting fixtures, or from any other cause, whether the said injury or damage results from conditions arising upon the Premises
or upon other portions of the Building, or from other sources or places; (ii) any damages arising from any act or neglect of any other
tenant of Lessor or from the failure of Lessor or its agents to enforce the provisions of any other lease in the Project; or (iii) injury
to Lessee s business or for any loss of income or profit therefrom. Instead, it is intended that Lessee s sole recourse
in the event of such damages or injury be to file a claim on the insurance policy(ies) that Lessee is required to maintain pursuant
to the provisions of paragraph 8. 

8.9 Failure
to Provide Insurance . Lessee acknowledges that any failure on its part to obtain or maintain the insurance required herein will expose
Lessor to risks and potentially cause Lessor to incur costs not contemplated by this Lease, the extent of which will be extremely difficult
to ascertain. Accordingly, for any month or portion thereof that Lessee does not maintain the required insurance and/or does not provide
Lessor with the required binders or certificates evidencing the existence of the required insurance, the Base Rent shall be automatically
increased, without any requirement for notice to Lessee, by an amount equal to 10 of the then existing Base Rent or 100, whichever
is greater. The parties agree that such increase in Base Rent represents fair and reasonable compensation for the additional risk/costs
that Lessor will incur by reason of Lessee s failure to maintain the required insurance. Such increase in Base Rent shall in no
event constitute a waiver of Lessee s Default or Breach with respect to the failure to maintain such insurance, prevent the exercise
of any of the other rights and remedies granted hereunder, nor relieve Lessee of its obligation to maintain the insurance
specified
in this Lease. 

9.
Damage or Destruction. 

9.1 Definitions . 

(a) Premises
Partial Damage shall mean damage or destruction to the improvements on the Premises, other than Lessee Owned Alterations and
Utility Installations, which can reasonably be repaired in 3 months or less from the date of the damage or destruction, and the cost
thereof does not exceed a sum equal to 6 month s Base Rent. Lessor shall notify Lessee in writing within 30 days from the date
of the damage or destruction as to whether or not the damage is Partial or Total. 

(b) Premises
Total Destruction shall mean damage or destruction to the improvements on the Premises, other than Lessee Owned Alterations
and Utility Installations and Trade Fixtures, which cannot reasonably be repaired in 3 months or less from the date of the damage or
destruction and/or the cost thereof exceeds a sum equal to 6 month s Base Rent. Lessor shall notify Lessee in writing within 30
days from the date of the damage or destruction as to whether or not the damage is Partial or Total. 

(c) Insured
Loss shall mean damage or destruction to improvements on the Premises, other than Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations
and Trade Fixtures, which was caused by an event required to be covered by the insurance described in Paragraph 8.3(a), irrespective
of any deductible amounts or coverage limits involved. 

(d)
 Replacement Cost shall mean the cost to repair or rebuild the improvements owned by Lessor at the time of the
occurrence to their condition existing immediately prior thereto, including demolition, debris removal and upgrading
required by the operation of Applicable Requirements, and without deduction for depreciation. 

(e)
 Hazardous Substance Condition shall mean the occurrence or discovery of a condition involving the presence of, or
a contamination by, a Hazardous Substance, in, on, or under the Premises which requires restoration. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 14 of 35 

9.2 Partial
Damage - Insured Loss . If a Premises Partial Damage that is an Insured Loss occurs, then Lessor shall, at Lessor s expense,
repair such damage (but not Lessee s Trade Fixtures or Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations) as soon as reasonably
possible and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect; provided, however, that Lessee shall, at Lessor s election,
make the repair of any damage or destruction the total cost to repair of which is 10,000 or less, and, in such event, Lessor shall make
any applicable insurance proceeds available to Lessee on a reasonable basis for that purpose. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the required
insurance was not in force or the insurance proceeds are not sufficient to effect such repair, the Insuring Party shall promptly
contribute the shortage in proceeds as and when required to complete said repairs. In the event, however, such shortage was due to the
fact that, by reason of the unique nature of the improvements, full replacement cost insurance coverage was not commercially reasonable
and available, Lessor shall have no obligation to pay for the shortage in insurance proceeds or to fully restore the unique aspects of
the Premises unless Lessee provides Lessor with the funds to cover same, or adequate assurance thereof, within 10 days following receipt
of written notice of such shortage and request therefor. If Lessor receives said funds or adequate assurance thereof within said 10 day
period, the party responsible for making the repairs shall complete them as soon as reasonably possible and this Lease shall remain in
full force and effect. If such funds or assurance are not received, Lessor may nevertheless elect by written notice to Lessee within
10 days thereafter to: (i) make such restoration and repair as is commercially reasonable with Lessor paying any shortage in proceeds,
in which case this Lease shall remain in full force and effect, or (ii) have this Lease terminate 30 days thereafter. Lessee shall
not be entitled to reimbursement of any funds contributed by Lessee to repair any such damage or destruction. Premises Partial Damage
due to flood or earthquake shall be subject to Paragraph 9.3, notwithstanding that there may be some insurance coverage, but the
net proceeds of any such insurance shall be made available for the repairs if made by either Party. 

9.3 Partial
Damage - Uninsured Loss . If a Premises Partial Damage that is not an Insured Loss occurs, unless caused by a negligent or willful
act of Lessee (in which event Lessee shall make the repairs at Lessee s expense), Lessor may either: (i) repair such damage as
soon as reasonably possible at Lessor s expense (subject to reimbursement pursuant to Paragraph 4.2), in which event this Lease
shall continue in full force and effect, or (ii) terminate this Lease by giving written notice to Lessee within 30 days after receipt
by Lessor of knowledge of the occurrence of such damage. Such termination shall be effective 60 days following the date of such
notice. In the event Lessor elects to terminate this Lease, Lessee shall have the right within 10 days after receipt of the termination
notice to give written notice to Lessor of Lessee s commitment to pay for the repair of such damage without reimbursement from
Lessor. Lessee shall provide Lessor with said funds or satisfactory assurance thereof within 30 days after making such commitment. In
such event this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, and Lessor shall proceed to make such repairs as soon as reasonably
possible after the required funds are available. If Lessee does not make the required commitment, this Lease shall terminate as of the
date specified in the termination notice. 

9.4 Total
Destruction . Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if a Premises Total Destruction occurs, this Lease shall terminate 60 days
following such Destruction. If the damage or destruction was caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Lessee, Lessor shall
have the right to recover Lessor s damages from Lessee, except as provided in Paragraph 8.6. 

9.5
 Damage Near End of Term . If at any time during the last 6 months of this Lease there is damage for which the cost to repair exceeds
one month s Base Rent, whether or not an Insured Loss, Lessor may terminate this Lease effective 60 days following the date
of occurrence of such damage by giving a written termination notice to Lessee within 30 days after the date of occurrence of such damage.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Lessee at that time has an exercisable option to extend this Lease or to purchase the Premises, then
Lessee may preserve this Lease by (a) exercising such option and (b) providing Lessor with any shortage in insurance proceeds (or adequate
assurance thereof) needed to make the repairs on or before the earlier of (i) the date which is 10 days after Lessee s receipt
of Lessor s written notice purporting to terminate this Lease, or (ii)
the day prior to the date upon which such option expires. If Lessee duly exercises such option during such period and provides Lessor
with funds (or adequate assurance thereof) to cover any shortage in insurance proceeds, Lessor shall, at Lessor s commercially
reasonable expense, repair such damage as soon as reasonably possible and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect. If
Lessee fails to exercise such option and provide such funds or assurance during such period, then this Lease shall terminate on the date
specified in the termination notice and Lessee s option shall be extinguished. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 15 of 35 

9.6 Abatement of Rent; Lessee s Remedies. 

(a) Abatement .
In the event of Premises Partial Damage or Premises Total Destruction or a Hazardous Substance Condition for which Lessee is not responsible
under this Lease, the Rent payable by Lessee for the period required for the repair, remediation or restoration of such damage shall
be abated in proportion to the degree to which Lessee s use of the Premises is impaired, but not to exceed the proceeds received
from the Rental Value insurance. All other obligations of Lessee hereunder shall be performed by Lessee, and Lessor shall have no liability
for any such damage, destruction, remediation, repair or restoration except as provided herein. 

(b) Remedies .
If Lessor is obligated to repair or restore the Premises and does not commence, in a substantial and meaningful way, such repair or restoration
within 90 days after such obligation shall accrue, Lessee may, at any time prior to the commencement of such repair or restoration, give
written notice to Lessor and to any Lenders of which Lessee has actual notice, of Lessee s election to terminate this Lease on
a date not less than 60 days following the giving of such notice. If Lessee gives such notice and such repair or restoration is not commenced
within 30 days thereafter, this Lease shall terminate as of the date specified in said notice. If the repair or restoration is commenced
within such 30 days, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect. Commence shall mean either the unconditional
authorization of the preparation of the required plans, or the beginning of the actual work on the Premises, whichever first occurs. 

9.7 Termination;
Advance Payments . Upon termination of this Lease pursuant to Paragraph 6.2(g) or Paragraph 9, an equitable adjustment shall be made
concerning advance Base Rent and any other advance payments made by Lessee to Lessor. Lessor shall, in addition, return to Lessee so
much of Lessee s Security Deposit as has not been, or is not then required to be, used by Lessor. 

10. Real Property Taxes. 

10.1 Definitions . 

(a) Real
Property Taxes . As used herein, the term Real Property Taxes shall include any form of assessment; real
estate, general, special, ordinary or extraordinary, or rental levy or tax (other than inheritance, personal income or estate taxes);
improvement bond; and/or license fee imposed upon or levied against any legal or equitable interest of Lessor in the Project, Lessor s
right to other income therefrom, and/or Lessor s business of leasing, by any authority having the direct or indirect power to tax
and where the funds are generated with reference to the Project address. The term Real Property Taxes shall also include
any tax, fee, levy, assessment or charge, or any increase therein: (i) imposed by reason of events occurring during the term of this
Lease, including but not limited to, a change in the ownership of the Project; (ii) a change in the improvements thereon; and/or (iii)
levied or assessed on machinery or equipment provided by Lessor to Lessee pursuant to this Lease. 

(b) Base
Real Property Taxes . As used herein, the term Base Real Property Taxes shall be the amount of Real Property
Taxes, which are assessed against the Project, during the entire calendar year in which the Lease is executed. 

10.2
 Payment of Taxes . Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 10.3, Lessor shall pay the Real Property Taxes applicable to the Project,
and said payments shall be included in the calculation of Common Area Operating Expenses in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph
4.2. 

10.3 Additional
Improvements . Common Area Operating Expenses shall not include Real Property Taxes specified in the tax assessor s records
and work sheets as being caused by additional improvements placed upon the Project by other tenants or by Lessor for the exclusive enjoyment
of such other Tenants. Notwithstanding Paragraph 10.2 hereof, Lessee shall, however, pay to Lessor at the time Common Area Operating
Expenses are payable under Paragraph 4.2, the entirety of any increase in Real Property Taxes if assessed solely by reason of Alterations,
Trade Fixtures or Utility Installations placed upon the Premises by Lessee or at Lessee s request or by reason of any alterations
or improvements to the Premises made by Lessor subsequent to the execution of this Lease by the Parties. 

10.4 Joint
Assessment . If the Building is not separately assessed, Real Property Taxes allocated to the Building shall be an equitable proportion
of the Real Property Taxes for all of the land and improvements included within the tax parcel assessed, such proportion to be determined
by Lessor from the respective valuations assigned in the assessor s work sheets or such other information as may be reasonably
available. Lessor s reasonable determination thereof, in good faith, shall be conclusive. 

10.5 Personal
Property Taxes . Lessee shall pay prior to delinquency all taxes assessed against and levied upon Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations, Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all personal property of Lessee contained in the Premises. When possible, Lessee
shall cause its Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all other personal property
to be assessed and billed separately from the real property of Lessor. If any of Lessee s said property shall be assessed with
Lessor s real property, Lessee shall pay Lessor the taxes attributable to Lessee s property within 10 days after receipt
of a written statement setting forth the taxes applicable to Lessee s property. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 16 of 35 

11. Utilities and Services. 

11.1 Lessee
shall pay for all water, gas, heat, light, power, telephone, trash disposal and other utilities and services supplied to the Premises,
together with any taxes thereon. Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 4.2, if at any time in Lessor s sole judgment, Lessor
determines that Lessee is using a disproportionate amount of water, electricity or other commonly metered utilities, or that Lessee is
generating such a large volume of trash as to require an increase in the size of the trash receptacle and/or an increase in the number
of times per month that it is emptied, then Lessor may increase Lessee s Base Rent by an amount equal to such increased costs.
There shall be no abatement of Rent and Lessor shall not be liable in any respect whatsoever for the inadequacy, stoppage, interruption
or discontinuance of any utility or service due to riot, strike, labor dispute, breakdown, accident, repair or other cause beyond Lessor s
reasonable control or in cooperation with governmental request or directions. 

11.2 Within
fifteen days of Lessor s written request, Lessee agrees to deliver to Lessor such information, documents and/or authorization
as Lessor needs in order for Lessor to comply with new or existing Applicable Requirements relating to commercial building energy usage,
ratings, and/or the reporting thereof. 

12. Assignment and Subletting. 

12.1 Lessor s Consent Required . 

(a) Lessee
shall not voluntarily or by operation of law assign, transfer, mortgage or encumber (collectively, assign or assignment or sublet all or any part of Lessee s interest in this Lease or in the Premises without Lessor s prior written consent. 

(b) Unless
Lessee is a corporation and its stock is publicly traded on a national stock exchange, a change in the control of Lessee shall constitute
an assignment requiring consent. The transfer, on a cumulative basis, of 25 or more of the voting control of Lessee shall constitute
a change in control for this purpose. 

(c) The
involvement of Lessee or its assets in any transaction, or series of transactions (by way of merger, sale, acquisition, financing,
transfer, leveraged buy-out or otherwise), whether or not a formal assignment or hypothecation of this Lease or Lessee s assets
occurs, which results or will result in a reduction of the Net Worth of Lessee by an amount greater than 25 of such Net Worth as it
was represented at the time of the execution of this Lease or at the time of the most recent assignment to which Lessor has consented,
or as it exists immediately prior to said transaction or transactions constituting such reduction, whichever was or is greater, shall
be considered an assignment of this Lease to which Lessor may withhold its consent. Net Worth of Lessee shall mean
the net worth of Lessee (excluding any guarantors) established under generally accepted accounting principles. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 17 of 35 

(d)
An assignment or subletting without consent shall, at Lessor s option, be a Default curable after notice per Paragraph
13.1(d), or a non-curable Breach without the necessity of any notice and grace period. If Lessor elects to treat such
unapproved assignment or subletting as a non-curable Breach, Lessor may either: (i) terminate this Lease, or (ii) upon 30 days
written notice, increase the monthly Base Rent to 110 of the Base Rent then in effect. Further, in the event of such Breach
and rental adjustment, (i) the purchase price of any option to purchase the Premises held by Lessee shall be subject to similar
adjustment to 110 of the price previously in effect, and (ii) all fixed and non-fixed rental adjustments scheduled
during the remainder of the Lease term shall be increased to 110 of the scheduled adjusted rent. 

(e) Lessee s remedy for any breach of Paragraph 12.1 by Lessor shall be limited to compensatory damages and/or injunctive relief. 

(f) Lessor
may reasonably withhold consent to a proposed assignment or subletting if Lessee is in Default at the time consent is requested. 

(g) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, allowing a de minimis portion of the Premises, ie. 20 square feet or less, to be used by a third party vendor in connection
with the installation of a vending machine or pay phone shall not constitute a subletting. 

12.2 Terms and Conditions Applicable to Assignment and Subletting. 

(a) Regardless
of Lessor s consent, no assignment or subletting shall : (i) be effective without the express written assumption by such assignee
or sublessee of the obligations of Lessee under this Lease, (ii) release Lessee of any obligations hereunder, or (iii) alter the primary
liability of Lessee for the payment of Rent or for the performance of any other obligations to be performed by Lessee. 

(b)
Lessor may accept Rent or performance of Lessee s obligations from any person other than Lessee pending approval or
disapproval of an assignment. Neither a delay in the approval or disapproval of such assignment nor the acceptance of Rent or
performance shall constitute a waiver or estoppel of Lessor s right to exercise its remedies for Lessee s Default or
Breach. 

(c) Lessor s consent to any assignment or subletting shall not constitute a consent to any subsequent assignment or subletting. 

(d) In
the event of any Default or Breach by Lessee, Lessor may proceed directly against Lessee, any Guarantors or anyone else responsible for
the performance of Lessee s obligations under this Lease, including any assignee or sublessee, without first exhausting Lessor s
remedies against any other person or entity responsible therefor to Lessor, or any security held by Lessor. 

(e) Each
request for consent to an assignment or subletting shall be in writing, accompanied by information relevant to Lessor s determination
as to the financial and operational responsibility and appropriateness of the proposed assignee or sublessee, including but not
limited to the intended use and/or required modification of the Premises, if any, together with a fee of 500 as consideration for
Lessor s considering and processing said request. Lessee agrees to provide Lessor with such other or additional information and/or
documentation as may be reasonably requested. (See also Paragraph 36) 

(f) Any
assignee of, or sublessee under, this Lease shall, by reason of accepting such assignment, entering into such sublease, or entering into
possession of the Premises or any portion thereof, be deemed to have assumed and agreed to conform and comply with each and every term,
covenant, condition and obligation herein to be observed or performed by Lessee during the term of said assignment or sublease, other
than such obligations as are contrary to or inconsistent with provisions of an assignment or sublease to which Lessor has specifically
consented to in writing. 

(g) Lessor s
consent to any assignment or subletting shall not transfer to the assignee or sublessee any Option granted to the original Lessee by
this Lease unless such transfer is specifically consented to by Lessor in writing. (See Paragraph 39.2) 

12.3 Additional
Terms and Conditions Applicable to Subletting . The following terms and conditions shall apply to any subletting by Lessee of all
or any part of the Premises and shall be deemed included in all subleases under this Lease whether or not expressly incorporated therein: 

(a)
Lessee hereby assigns and transfers to Lessor all of Lessee s interest in all Rent payable on any sublease, and Lessor may collect
such Rent and apply same toward Lessee s obligations under this Lease; provided, however, that until a Breach shall occur in the
performance of Lessee s obligations, Lessee may collect said Rent. In the event that the amount collected by Lessor exceeds Lessee s
then outstanding obligations any such excess shall be refunded to Lessee. Lessor shall not, by reason of the foregoing or any assignment
of such sublease, nor by reason of the collection of Rent, be deemed liable to the sublessee for any failure of Lessee to perform and
comply with any of Lessee s obligations to such sublessee. Lessee hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs any such sublessee,
upon receipt of a written notice from Lessor stating that a Breach exists in the performance of Lessee s obligations under this
Lease, to pay to Lessor all Rent due and to become due under the sublease. Sublessee shall rely upon any such notice from Lessor and
shall pay all Rents to Lessor without any obligation or right to inquire as to whether such Breach exists, notwithstanding any claim
from Lessee to the contrary. 

(b) In
the event of a Breach by Lessee, Lessor may, at its option, require sublessee to attorn to Lessor, in which event Lessor shall undertake
the obligations of the sublessor under such sublease from the time of the exercise of said option to the expiration of such sublease;
provided, however, Lessor shall not be liable for any prepaid rents or security deposit paid by such sublessee to such sublessor or for
any prior Defaults or Breaches of such sublessor. 

(c) Any matter requiring the consent of the sublessor under a sublease shall also require the consent of Lessor. 

(d) No sublessee shall further assign or sublet all or any part of the Premises without Lessor s prior written consent. 

(e) Lessor
shall deliver a copy of any notice of Default or Breach by Lessee to the sublessee, who shall have the right to cure the Default of Lessee
within the grace period, if any, specified in such notice. The sublessee shall have a right of reimbursement and offset from
and against Lessee for any such Defaults cured by the sublessee. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 18 of 35 

13. Default; Breach; Remedies. 

13.1 Default;
Breach . A Default is defined as a failure by the Lessee to comply with or perform any of the terms, covenants,
conditions or Rules and Regulations under this Lease. A Breach is defined as the occurrence of one or more
of the following Defaults, and the failure of Lessee to cure such Default within any applicable grace period: 

(a) The
abandonment of the Premises; the vacating of the Premises prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease without providing a commercially
reasonable level of security, or where the coverage of the property insurance described in Paragraph 8.3 is jeopardized as a result thereof,
or without providing reasonable assurances to minimize potential vandalism; or failure to deliver to Lessor exclusive possession of the
entire Premises in accordance herewith prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease. 

(b) The
failure of Lessee to make any payment of Rent or any Security Deposit required to be made by Lessee hereunder, whether to Lessor or to
a third party, when due, to provide reasonable evidence of insurance or surety bond, or to fulfill any obligation under this Lease
which endangers or threatens life or property, where such failure continues for a period of 3 business days following written notice
to Lessee. THE ACCEPTANCE BY LESSOR OF A PARTIAL PAYMENT OF RENT OR SECURITY DEPOSIT SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE A WAIVER OF ANY OF LESSOR S
RIGHTS, INCLUDING LESSOR S RIGHT TO RECOVER POSSESSION OF THE PREMISES. 

(c)
The failure of Lessee to allow Lessor and/or its agents access to the Premises or the commission of waste, act or acts
constituting public or private nuisance, and/or an illegal activity on the Premises by Lessee, where such actions continue
for a period of 3 business days following written notice to Lessee. In the event that Lessee commits waste, a nuisance or an illegal
activity a second time then, the Lessor may elect to treat such conduct as a non-curable Breach rather than a Default. 

(d) The
failure by Lessee to provide (i) reasonable written evidence of compliance with Applicable Requirements, (ii) the service contracts,
(iii) the rescission of an unauthorized assignment or subletting, (iv) an Estoppel Certificate or financial statements, (v)
a requested subordination, (vi) evidence concerning any guaranty and/or Guarantor, (vii) any document requested under Paragraph 41, (viii)
material safety data sheets (MSDS), or (ix) any other documentation or information which Lessor may reasonably require of Lessee under
the terms of this Lease, where any such failure continues for a period of 10 days following written notice to Lessee. 

(e) A
Default by Lessee as to the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of this Lease, or of the rules adopted under Paragraph 2.9 hereof,
other than those described in subparagraphs 13.1(a), (b), (c) or (d), above, where such Default continues for a period of 30 days after
written notice; provided, however, that if the nature of Lessee s Default is such that more than 30 days are reasonably required
for its cure, then it shall not be deemed to be a Breach if Lessee commences such cure within said 30 day period and thereafter diligently
prosecutes such cure to completion. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 19 of 35 

(f)
The occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the making of any general arrangement or assignment for the benefit of
creditors; (ii) becoming a debtor as defined in 11 U.S.C. 101 or any successor statute
thereto (unless, in the case of a petition filed against Lessee, the same is dismissed within 60 days); (iii) the appointment
of a trustee or receiver to take possession of substantially all of Lessee s assets located at the Premises or of
Lessee s interest in this Lease, where possession is not restored to Lessee within 30 days; or (iv) the attachment, execution
or other judicial seizure of substantially all of Lessee s assets located at the Premises or of Lessee s interest in
this Lease, where such seizure is not discharged within 30 days; provided, however, in the event that any provision of this
subparagraph is contrary to any applicable law, such provision shall be of no force or effect, and not affect the validity
of the remaining provisions. 

(g) The discovery that any financial statement of Lessee or of any Guarantor given to Lessor was materially false. 

(h) If
the performance of Lessee s obligations under this Lease is guaranteed: (i) the death of a Guarantor, (ii) the termination of a
Guarantor s liability with respect to this Lease other than in accordance with the terms of such guaranty, (iii) a Guarantor s
becoming insolvent or the subject of a bankruptcy filing, (iv) a Guarantor s refusal to honor the guaranty, or (v) a Guarantor s
breach of its guaranty obligation on an anticipatory basis, and Lessee s failure, within 60 days following written notice of any
such event, to provide written alternative assurance or security, which, when coupled with the then existing resources of Lessee, equals
or exceeds the combined financial resources of Lessee and the Guarantors that existed at the time of execution of this Lease. 

13.2
 Remedies . If Lessee fails to perform any of its affirmative duties or obligations, within 10 days after written notice (or
in case of an emergency, without notice), Lessor may, at its option, perform such duty or obligation on Lessee s behalf, including
but not limited to the obtaining of reasonably required bonds, insurance policies, or governmental licenses, permits or approvals. Lessee
shall pay to Lessor an amount equal to 115 of the costs and expenses incurred by Lessor in such performance upon receipt of an invoice
therefor. In the event of a Breach, Lessor may, with or without further notice or demand, and without limiting Lessor in the exercise
of any right or remedy which Lessor may have by reason of such Breach: 

(a) Terminate
Lessee s right to possession of the Premises by any lawful means, in which case this Lease shall terminate and Lessee shall immediately
surrender possession to Lessor. In such event Lessor shall be entitled to recover from Lessee: (i) the unpaid Rent which had been earned
at the time of termination; (ii) the worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent which would have been earned after
termination until the time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that the Lessee proves could have been reasonably avoided;
(iii) the worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent for the balance of the term after the time of award exceeds
the amount of such rental loss that the Lessee proves could be reasonably avoided; and (iv) any other amount necessary to compensate
Lessor for all the detriment proximately caused by the Lessee s failure to perform its obligations under this Lease or which in
the ordinary course of things would be likely to result therefrom, including but not limited to the cost of recovering possession of
the Premises, expenses of reletting, including necessary renovation and alteration of the Premises, reasonable attorneys fees,
and that portion of any leasing commission paid by Lessor in connection with this Lease applicable to the unexpired term of this Lease.
The worth at the time of award of the amount referred to in provision (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be computed by
discounting such amount at the discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of the District within which the Premises are located at the
time of award plus one percent. Efforts by Lessor to mitigate damages caused by Lessee s Breach of this Lease shall not waive
Lessor s right to recover any damages to which Lessor is otherwise entitled. If termination of this Lease is obtained through the
provisional remedy of unlawful detainer, Lessor shall have the right to recover in such proceeding any unpaid Rent and damages as are
recoverable therein, or Lessor may reserve the right to recover all or any part thereof in a separate suit. If a notice and grace period
required under Paragraph 13.1 was not previously given, a notice to pay rent or quit, or to perform or quit given to Lessee under the
unlawful detainer statute shall also constitute the notice required by Paragraph 13.1. In such case, the applicable grace period required
by Paragraph 13.1 and the unlawful detainer statute shall run concurrently, and the failure of Lessee to cure the Default within the
greater of the two such grace periods shall constitute both an unlawful detainer and a Breach of this Lease entitling Lessor to the remedies
provided for in this Lease and/or by said statute. 

(b) Continue
the Lease and Lessee s right to possession and recover the Rent as it becomes due, in which event Lessee may sublet or assign,
subject only to reasonable limitations. Acts of maintenance, efforts to relet, and/or the appointment of a receiver to protect the
Lessor s interests, shall not constitute a termination of the Lessee s right to possession. 

(c) Pursue
any other remedy now or hereafter available under the laws or judicial decisions of the state wherein the Premises are located. The expiration
or termination of this Lease and/or the termination of Lessee s right to possession shall not relieve Lessee from liability under
any indemnity provisions of this Lease as to matters occurring or accruing during the term hereof or by reason of Lessee s occupancy
of the Premises. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 20 of 35 

13.3 Inducement
Recapture. Any agreement for free or abated rent or other charges, the cost of tenant improvements for Lessee paid for or performed
by Lessor, or for the giving or paying by Lessor to or for Lessee of any cash or other bonus, inducement or consideration for Lessee s
entering into this Lease, all of which concessions are hereinafter referred to as Inducement Provisions , shall be
deemed conditioned upon Lessee s full and faithful performance of all of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease. Upon
Breach of this Lease by Lessee, any such Inducement Provision shall automatically be deemed deleted from this Lease and of no further
force or effect, and any rent, other charge, bonus, inducement or consideration theretofore abated, given or paid by Lessor under
such an Inducement Provision shall be immediately due and payable by Lessee to Lessor, notwithstanding any subsequent cure of said Breach
by Lessee. The acceptance by Lessor of rent or the cure of the Breach which initiated the operation of this paragraph shall not be deemed
a waiver by Lessor of the provisions of this paragraph unless specifically so stated in writing by Lessor at the time of such acceptance. 

13.4 Late
Charges . Lessee hereby acknowledges that late payment by Lessee of Rent will cause Lessor to incur costs not contemplated by this
Lease, the exact amount of which will be extremely difficult to ascertain. Such costs include, but are not limited to, processing
and accounting charges, and late charges which may be imposed upon Lessor by any Lender. Accordingly, if any Rent shall not be received
by Lessor within 5 days after such amount shall be due, then, without any requirement for notice to Lessee, Lessee shall immediately
pay to Lessor a one-time late charge equal to 10 of each such overdue amount or 100, whichever is greater. The parties hereby agree
that such late charge represents a fair and reasonable estimate of the costs Lessor will incur by reason of such late payment. Acceptance
of such late charge by Lessor shall in no event constitute a waiver of Lessee s Default or Breach with respect to such overdue
amount, nor prevent the exercise of any of the other rights and remedies granted hereunder. In the event that a late charge is payable
hereunder, whether or not collected, for 3 consecutive installments of Base Rent, then notwithstanding any provision of this Lease to
the contrary, Base Rent shall, at Lessor s option, become due and payable quarterly in advance. 

13.5 Interest .
Any monetary payment due Lessor hereunder, other than late charges, not received by Lessor, when due shall bear interest from the 31st
day after it was due. The interest Interest charged shall be computed at the rate of 10 per annum but shall not
exceed the maximum rate allowed by law. Interest is payable in addition to the potential late charge provided for in Paragraph 13.4. 

13.6 Breach by Lessor. 

(a) Notice
of Breach . Lessor shall not be deemed in breach of this Lease unless Lessor fails within a reasonable time to perform an obligation
required to be performed by Lessor. For purposes of this Paragraph, a reasonable time shall in no event be less than 30 days after receipt
by Lessor, and any Lender whose name and address shall have been furnished to Lessee in writing for such purpose, of written notice specifying
wherein such obligation of Lessor has not been performed; provided, however, that if the nature of Lessor s obligation is such
that more than 30 days are reasonably required for its performance, then Lessor shall not be in breach if performance is commenced within
such 30 day period and thereafter diligently pursued to completion. 

(b) Performance
by Lessee on Behalf of Lessor . In the event that neither Lessor nor Lender cures said breach within 30 days after receipt of said
notice, or if having commenced said cure they do not diligently pursue it to completion, then Lessee may elect to cure said breach at
Lessee s expense and offset from Rent the actual and reasonable cost to perform such cure, provided however, that such offset
shall not exceed an amount equal to the greater of one month s Base Rent or the Security Deposit, reserving Lessee s right
to reimbursement from Lessor for any such expense in excess of such offset. Lessee shall document the cost of said cure and supply
said documentation to Lessor. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 21 of 35 

14. Condemnation .
If the Premises or any portion thereof are taken under the power of eminent domain or sold under the threat of the exercise of said power
(collectively Condemnation ), this Lease shall terminate as to the part taken as of the date the condemning authority
takes title or possession, whichever first occurs. If more than 10 of the floor area of the Unit, or more than 25 of the
parking spaces is taken by Condemnation, Lessee may, at Lessee s option, to be exercised in writing within 10 days after Lessor
shall have given Lessee written notice of such taking (or in the absence of such notice, within 10 days after the condemning authority
shall have taken possession) terminate this Lease as of the date the condemning authority takes such possession. If Lessee does not terminate
this Lease in accordance with the foregoing, this Lease shall remain in full force and effect as to the portion of the Premises
remaining, except that the Base Rent shall be reduced in proportion to the reduction in utility of the Premises caused by such Condemnation.
Condemnation awards and/or payments shall be the property of Lessor, whether such award shall be made as compensation for diminution
in value of the leasehold, the value of the part taken, or for severance damages; provided, however, that Lessee shall be entitled to
any compensation paid by the condemnor for Lessee s relocation expenses, loss of business goodwill and/or Trade Fixtures, without
regard to whether or not this Lease is terminated pursuant to the provisions of this Paragraph. All Alterations and Utility Installations
made to the Premises by Lessee, for purposes of Condemnation only, shall be considered the property of the Lessee and Lessee shall be
entitled to any and all compensation which is payable therefor. In the event that this Lease is not terminated by reason of the Condemnation,
Lessor shall repair any damage to the Premises caused by such Condemnation. 

15.
Brokerage Fees. 

15.1
 Additional Commission . In addition to the payments owed pursuant to Paragraph 1.10 above, Lessor agrees that: (a) if
Lessee exercises any Option, (b) if Lessee or anyone affiliated with Lessee acquires from Lessor any rights to the Premises
or other premises owned by Lessor and located within the Project, (c) if Lessee remains in possession of the Premises, with the consent
of Lessor, after the expiration of this Lease, or (d) if Base Rent is increased, whether by agreement or operation of an escalation clause
herein, then, Lessor shall pay Brokers a fee in accordance with the fee schedule of the Brokers in effect at the time the Lease
was executed. The provisions of this paragraph are intended to supersede the provisions of any earlier agreement to the contrary. 

15.2 Assumption
of Obligations . Any buyer or transferee of Lessor s interest in this Lease shall be deemed to have assumed Lessor s obligation
hereunder. Brokers shall be third party beneficiaries of the provisions of Paragraphs 1.10, 15, 22 and 31. If Lessor fails to pay
to Brokers any amounts due as and for brokerage fees pertaining to this Lease when due, then such amounts shall accrue Interest. In addition,
if Lessor fails to pay any amounts to Lessee s Broker when due, Lessee s Broker may send written notice to Lessor and Lessee
of such failure and if Lessor fails to pay such amounts within 10 days after said notice, Lessee shall pay said monies to its Broker
and offset such amounts against Rent. In addition, Lessee s Broker shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary of
any commission agreement entered into by and/or between Lessor and Lessor s Broker for the limited purpose of collecting any brokerage
fee owed. 

15.3
 Representations and Indemnities of Broker Relationships . Lessee and Lessor each represent and warrant to the other that it has
had no dealings with any person, firm, broker, agent or finder (other than the Brokers and Agents, if any) in connection with
this Lease, and that no one other than said named Brokers and Agents is entitled to any commission or finder s fee in connection
herewith. Lessee and Lessor do each hereby agree to indemnify, protect, defend and hold the other harmless from and against liability
for compensation or charges which may be claimed by any such unnamed broker, finder or other similar party by reason of any dealings
or actions of the indemnifying Party, including any costs, expenses, attorneys fees reasonably incurred with respect thereto. 

16. Estoppel Certificates. 

(a) Each
Party (as Responding Party shall within 10 days after written notice from the other Party (the Requesting
Party execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Requesting Party a statement in writing in form similar to the then most current
 Estoppel Certificate form published BY AIR CRE, plus such additional information, confirmation and/or
statements as may be reasonably requested by the Requesting Party. 

(b) If
the Responding Party shall fail to execute or deliver the Estoppel Certificate within such 10 day period, the Requesting Party may
execute an Estoppel Certificate stating that: (i) the Lease is in full force and effect without modification except as
may be represented by the Requesting Party, (ii) there are no uncured defaults in the Requesting Party s performance, and (iii)
if Lessor is the Requesting Party, not more than one month s rent has been paid in advance. Prospective purchasers and encumbrancers
may rely upon the Requesting Party s Estoppel Certificate, and the Responding Party shall be estopped from denying the truth
of the facts contained in said Certificate. In addition, Lessee acknowledges that any failure on its part to provide such an Estoppel
Certificate will expose Lessor to risks and potentially cause Lessor to incur costs not contemplated by this Lease, the extent of
which will be extremely difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, should the Lessee fail to execute and/or deliver a requested Estoppel
Certificate in a timely fashion the monthly Base Rent shall be automatically increased, without any requirement for notice to Lessee,
by an amount equal to 10 of the then existing Base Rent or 100, whichever is greater for remainder of the Lease. The Parties agree
that such increase in Base Rent represents fair and reasonable compensation for the additional risk/costs that Lessor will incur by reason
of Lessee s failure to provide the Estoppel Certificate. Such increase in Base Rent shall in no event constitute a waiver
of Lessee s Default or Breach with respect to the failure to provide the Estoppel Certificate nor prevent the exercise of
any of the other rights and remedies granted hereunder. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 22 of 35 

(c) If
Lessor desires to finance, refinance, or sell the Premises, or any part thereof, Lessee and all Guarantors shall within 10
days after written notice from Lessor deliver to any potential lender or purchaser designated by Lessor such financial statements
as may be reasonably required by such lender or purchaser, including but not limited to Lessee s financial statements for
the past 3 years. All such financial statements shall be received by Lessor and such lender or purchaser in confidence and
shall be used only for the purposes herein set forth. 

17. Definition
of Lessor. The term Lessor as used herein shall mean the owner or owners at the time in question of the fee
title to the Premises, or, if this is a sublease, of the Lessee s interest in the prior lease. In the event of a transfer of Lessor s
title or interest in the Premises or this Lease, Lessor shall deliver to the transferee or assignee (in cash or by credit) any unused
Security Deposit held by Lessor. Upon such transfer or assignment and delivery of the Security Deposit, as aforesaid, the prior Lessor
shall be relieved of all liability with respect to the obligations and/or covenants under this Lease thereafter to be performed by the
Lessor. Subject to the foregoing, the obligations and/or covenants in this Lease to be performed by the Lessor shall be binding only
upon the Lessor as hereinabove defined. 

18. Severability.
 The invalidity of any provision of this Lease, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, shall in no way affect the
validity of any other provision hereof. 

19. Days. Unless otherwise specifically indicated to the contrary, the word days as used in this Lease shall mean and refer to calendar days. 

20. Limitation
on Liability. The obligations of Lessor under this Lease shall not constitute personal obligations of Lessor, or its partners, members,
directors, officers or shareholders, and Lessee shall look to the Premises, and to no other assets of Lessor, for the satisfaction
of any liability of Lessor with respect to this Lease, and shall not seek recourse against Lessor s partners, members, directors,
officers or shareholders, or any of their personal assets for such satisfaction. 

21. Time
of Essence. Time is of the essence with respect to the performance of all obligations to be performed or observed by the Parties
under this Lease. 

22. No
Prior or Other Agreements; Broker Disclaimer . This Lease contains all agreements between the Parties with respect to any matter mentioned
herein, and no other prior or contemporaneous agreement or understanding shall be effective. Lessor and Lessee each represents and
warrants to the Brokers that it has made, and is relying solely upon, its own investigation as to the nature, quality, character and
financial responsibility of the other Party to this Lease and as to the use, nature, quality and character of the Premises. Brokers
have no responsibility with respect thereto or with respect to any default or breach hereof by either Party. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 23 of 35 

23. Notices. 

23.1 Notice
Requirements . All notices required or permitted by this Lease or applicable law shall be in writing and may be delivered in person
(by hand or by courier) or may be sent by regular, certified or registered mail or U.S. Postal Service Express Mail, with postage
prepaid, or by facsimile transmission, or by email, and shall be deemed sufficiently given if served in a manner specified
in this Paragraph 23. The addresses noted adjacent to a Party s signature on this Lease shall be that Party s address for
delivery or mailing of notices. Either Party may by written notice to the other specify a different address for notice, except that
upon Lessee s taking possession of the Premises, the Premises shall constitute Lessee s address for notice. A copy of all
notices to Lessor shall be concurrently transmitted to such party or parties at such addresses as Lessor may from time to time hereafter
designate in writing. 

23.2 Date
of Notice . Any notice sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, shall be deemed given on the date of delivery
shown on the receipt card, or if no delivery date is shown, the postmark thereon. If sent by regular mail the notice shall be deemed
given 72 hours after the same is addressed as required herein and mailed with postage prepaid. Notices delivered by United States Express
Mail or overnight courier that guarantees next day delivery shall be deemed given 24 hours after delivery of the same to the Postal Service
or courier. Notices delivered by hand, or transmitted by facsimile transmission or by email shall be deemed delivered upon actual receipt.
If notice is received on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, it shall be deemed received on the next business day. 

23.3
 Options. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to exercise any Options (see paragraph 39), the Notice must be sent by Certified
Mail (return receipt requested), Express Mail (signature required), courier (signature required) or some other methodology that provides
a receipt establishing the date the notice was received by the Lessor. 

24. Waivers. 

(a) No
waiver by Lessor of the Default or Breach of any term, covenant or condition hereof by Lessee, shall be deemed a waiver of any other
term, covenant or condition hereof, or of any subsequent Default or Breach by Lessee of the same or of any other term, covenant or condition
hereof. Lessor s consent to, or approval of, any act shall not be deemed to render unnecessary the obtaining of Lessor s
consent to, or approval of, any subsequent or similar act by Lessee, or be construed as the basis of an estoppel to enforce the provision
or provisions of this Lease requiring such consent. 

(b)
The acceptance of Rent by Lessor shall not be a waiver of any Default or Breach by Lessee. Any payment by Lessee may be accepted by Lessor
on account of monies or damages due Lessor, notwithstanding any qualifying statements or conditions made by Lessee in connection therewith,
which such statements and/or conditions shall be of no force or effect whatsoever unless specifically agreed to in writing
by Lessor at or before the time of deposit of such payment. 

(c) THE
PARTIES AGREE THAT THE TERMS OF THIS LEASE SHALL GOVERN WITH REGARD TO ALL MATTERS RELATED THERETO AND HEREBY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS OF
ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH STATUTE IS INCONSISTENT WITH THIS LEASE. 

25. Disclosures Regarding The Nature of a Real Estate Agency Relationship. 

(a) When
entering into a discussion with a real estate agent regarding a real estate transaction, a Lessor or Lessee should from the outset understand
what type of agency relationship or representation it has with the agent or agents in the transaction. Lessor and Lessee acknowledge
being advised by the Brokers in this transaction, as follows: 

(i) Lessor s
Agent . A Lessor s agent under a listing agreement with the Lessor acts as the agent for the Lessor only. A Lessor s
agent or subagent has the following affirmative obligations: To the Lessor : A fiduciary duty of utmost care,
integrity, honesty, and loyalty in dealings with the Lessor. To the Lessee and the Lessor : (a) Diligent exercise of reasonable
skills and care in performance of the agent s duties. (b) A duty of honest and fair dealing and good faith. (c) A duty to disclose
all facts known to the agent materially affecting the value or desirability of the property that are not known to, or within the
diligent attention and observation of, the Parties. An agent is not obligated to reveal to either Party any confidential information
obtained from the other Party which does not involve the affirmative duties set forth above. 

(ii) Lessee s
Agent . An agent can agree to act as agent for the Lessee only. In these situations, the agent is not the Lessor s agent,
even if by agreement the agent may receive compensation for services rendered, either in full or in part from the Lessor. An agent acting
only for a Lessee has the following affirmative obligations. To the Lessee : A fiduciary duty of utmost care,
integrity, honesty, and loyalty in dealings with the Lessee. To the Lessee and the Lessor : (a) Diligent exercise of reasonable
skills and care in performance of the agent s duties. (b) A duty of honest and fair dealing and good faith. (c) A duty to disclose
all facts known to the agent materially affecting the value or desirability of the property that are not known to, or within the
diligent attention and observation of, the Parties. An agent is not obligated to reveal to either Party any confidential information
obtained from the other Party which does not involve the affirmative duties set forth above. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 24 of 35 

(iii) Agent
Representing Both Lessor and Lessee . A real estate agent, either acting directly or through one or more associate licenses, can
legally be the agent of both the Lessor and the Lessee in a transaction, but only with the knowledge and consent of both the Lessor and
the Lessee. In a dual agency situation, the agent has the following affirmative obligations to both the Lessor and the Lessee: (a)
A fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity, honesty and loyalty in the dealings with either Lessor or the Lessee. (b) Other duties
to the Lessor and the Lessee as stated above in subparagraphs (i) or (ii). In representing both Lessor and Lessee, the agent may not,
without the express permission of the respective Party, disclose to the other Party confidential information, including, but not
limited to, facts relating to either Lessee s or Lessor s financial position, motivations, bargaining position, or other
personal information that may impact rent, including Lessor s willingness to accept a rent less than the listing rent or Lessee s
willingness to pay rent greater than the rent offered. The above duties of the agent in a real estate transaction do not relieve
a Lessor or Lessee from the responsibility to protect their own interests. Lessor and Lessee should carefully read all agreements to
assure that they adequately express their understanding of the transaction. A real estate agent is a person qualified to advise
about real estate. If legal or tax advice is desired, consult a competent professional. Both Lessor and Lessee should strongly consider
obtaining tax advice from a competent professional because the federal and state tax consequences of a transaction can be complex and
subject to change. 

(b) Brokers
have no responsibility with respect to any default or breach hereof by either Party. The Parties agree that no lawsuit or other legal
proceeding involving any breach of duty, error or omission relating to this Lease may be brought against Broker more than one year after
the Start Date and that the liability (including court costs and attorneys fees), of any Broker with respect to any such lawsuit
and/or legal proceeding shall not exceed the fee received by such Broker pursuant to this Lease; provided, however, that the foregoing
limitation on each Broker s liability shall not be applicable to any gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Broker. 

(c) Lessor
and Lessee agree to identify to Brokers as Confidential any communication or information given Brokers that is considered
by such Party to be confidential. 

26. No
Right To Holdover . Lessee has no right to retain possession of the Premises or any part thereof beyond the expiration or termination
of this Lease. At or prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease Lessee shall deliver exclusive possession of the Premises to
Lessor. For purposes of this provision and Paragraph 13.1(a), exclusive possession shall mean that Lessee shall have vacated the Premises,
removed all of its personal property therefrom and that the Premises have been returned in the condition specified in this Lease.
In the event that Lessee does not deliver exclusive possession to Lessor as specified above, then Lessor s damages during
any holdover period shall be computed at the amount of the Rent (as defined in Paragraph 4.1) due during the last full month before
the expiration or termination of this Lease (disregarding any temporary abatement of Rent that may have been in effect), but with
Base Rent being 150 of the Base Rent payable during such last full month. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as consent by
Lessor to any holding over by Lessee. 

27. Cumulative
Remedies. No remedy or election hereunder shall be deemed exclusive but shall, wherever possible, be cumulative with all other remedies
at law or in equity. 

28.
Covenants and Conditions; Construction of Agreement. All provisions of this Lease to be observed or performed by Lessee are both
covenants and conditions. In construing this Lease, all headings and titles are for the convenience of the Parties only and shall
not be considered a part of this Lease. Whenever required by the context, the singular shall include the plural and vice versa. This
Lease shall not be construed as if prepared by one of the Parties, but rather according to its fair meaning as a whole, as if
both Parties had prepared it. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 25 of 35 

29. Binding
Effect; Choice of Law. This Lease shall be binding upon the Parties, their personal representatives, successors and assigns
and be governed by the laws of the State in which the Premises are located. Any litigation between the Parties hereto concerning this
Lease shall be initiated in the county in which the Premises are located. Signatures to this Lease accomplished by means of electronic
signature or similar technology shall be legal and binding. 

30. Subordination; Attornment; Non-Disturbance. 

30.1 Subordination .
This Lease and any Option granted hereby shall be subject and subordinate to any ground lease, mortgage, deed of trust, or other hypothecation
or security device (collectively, Security Device ), now or hereafter placed upon the Premises, to any and all advances
made on the security thereof, and to all renewals, modifications, and extensions thereof. Lessee agrees that the holders of any
such Security Devices (in this Lease together referred to as Lender shall have no liability or obligation to perform
any of the obligations of Lessor under this Lease. Any Lender may elect to have this Lease and/or any Option granted hereby superior
to the lien of its Security Device by giving written notice thereof to Lessee, whereupon this Lease and such Options shall be deemed
prior to such Security Device, notwithstanding the relative dates of the documentation or recordation thereof. 

30.2 Attornment .
In the event that Lessor transfers title to the Premises, or the Premises are acquired by another upon the foreclosure or termination
of a Security Device to which this Lease is subordinated (i) Lessee shall, subject to the non-disturbance provisions of Paragraph 30.3,
attorn to such new owner, and upon request, enter into a new lease, containing all of the terms and provisions of this Lease, with such
new owner for the remainder of the term hereof, or, at the election of the new owner, this Lease will automatically become a new lease
between Lessee and such new owner, and (ii) Lessor shall thereafter be relieved of any further obligations hereunder and such new owner
shall assume all of Lessor s obligations, except that such new owner shall not: (a) be liable for any act or omission of any prior
lessor or with respect to events occurring prior to acquisition of ownership; (b) be subject to any offsets or defenses which Lessee
might have against any prior lessor, (c) be bound by prepayment of more than one month s rent, or (d) be liable for the return
of any security deposit paid to any prior lessor which was not paid or credited to such new owner. 

30.3
 Non-Disturbance . With respect to Security Devices entered into by Lessor after the execution of this Lease, Lessee s subordination
of this Lease shall be subject to receiving a commercially reasonable non-disturbance agreement (a Non-Disturbance Agreement from the Lender which Non-Disturbance Agreement provides that Lessee s possession of the Premises, and this Lease, including any
options to extend the term hereof, will not be disturbed so long as Lessee is not in Breach hereof and attorns to the record owner of
the Premises. Further, within 60 days after the execution of this Lease, Lessor shall, if requested by Lessee, use its commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain a Non-Disturbance Agreement from the holder of any pre-existing Security Device which is secured by the Premises.
In the event that Lessor is unable to provide the Non-Disturbance Agreement within said 60 days, then Lessee may, at Lessee s option,
directly contact Lender and attempt to negotiate for the execution and delivery of a Non-Disturbance Agreement. 

30.4 Self-Executing .
The agreements contained in this Paragraph 30 shall be effective without the execution of any further documents; provided, however,
that, upon written request from Lessor or a Lender in connection with a sale, financing or refinancing of the Premises, Lessee
and Lessor shall execute such further writings as may be reasonably required to separately document any subordination, attornment and/or
Non-Disturbance Agreement provided for herein. 

31. Attorneys 
Fees. If any Party or Broker brings an action or proceeding involving the Premises whether founded in tort, contract or equity, or
to declare rights hereunder, the Prevailing Party (as hereafter defined) in any such proceeding, action, or appeal thereon, shall
be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees. Such fees may be awarded in the same suit or recovered in a separate suit, whether or
not such action or proceeding is pursued to decision or judgment. The term, Prevailing Party shall include, without
limitation, a Party or Broker who substantially obtains or defeats the relief sought, as the case may be, whether by compromise, settlement,
judgment, or the abandonment by the other Party or Broker of its claim or defense. The attorneys fees award shall not be computed
in accordance with any court fee schedule, but shall be such as to fully reimburse all attorneys fees reasonably incurred. In
addition, Lessor shall be entitled to attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred in the preparation and service of notices of
Default and consultations in connection therewith, whether or not a legal action is subsequently commenced in connection with such Default
or resulting Breach 200 is a reasonable minimum per occurrence for such services and consultation). 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 26 of 35 

32. Lessor s
Access; Showing Premises; Repairs. Lessor and Lessor s agents shall have the right to enter the Premises at any time, in the
case of an emergency, and otherwise at reasonable times after reasonable prior notice for the purpose of showing the same to prospective
purchasers, lenders, or tenants, and making such alterations, repairs, improvements or additions to the Premises as Lessor may deem necessary
or desirable and the erecting, using and maintaining of utilities, services, pipes and conduits through the Premises and/or other premises
as long as there is no material adverse effect on Lessee s use of the Premises. All such activities shall be without abatement
of rent or liability to Lessee. 

33. Auctions.
 Lessee shall not conduct, nor permit to be conducted, any auction upon the Premises without Lessor s prior written consent.
Lessor shall not be obligated to exercise any standard of reasonableness in determining whether to permit an auction. 

34. Signs.
 Lessor may place on the Premises ordinary For Sale signs at any time and ordinary For Lease signs during
the last 6 months of the term hereof. Except for ordinary For Sublease signs which may be placed only on the Premises,
Lessee shall not place any sign upon the Project without Lessor s prior written consent. All signs must comply with all Applicable
Requirements. 

35. Termination;
Merger. Unless specifically stated otherwise in writing by Lessor, the voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by Lessee,
the mutual termination or cancellation hereof, or a termination hereof by Lessor for Breach by Lessee, shall automatically terminate
any sublease or lesser estate in the Premises; provided, however, that Lessor may elect to continue any one or all existing subtenancies.
Lessor s failure within 10 days following any such event to elect to the contrary by written notice to the holder of any such lesser
interest, shall constitute Lessor s election to have such event constitute the termination of such interest. 

36. Consents.
 All requests for consent shall be in writing. Except as otherwise provided herein, wherever in this Lease the consent of a Party
is required to an act by or for the other Party, such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Lessor s actual reasonable
costs and expenses (including but not limited to architects , attorneys , engineers and other consultants fees)
incurred in the consideration of, or response to, a request by Lessee for any Lessor consent, including but not limited to consents to
an assignment, a subletting or the presence or use of a Hazardous Substance, shall be paid by Lessee upon receipt of an invoice and supporting
documentation therefor. Lessor s consent to any act, assignment or subletting shall not constitute an acknowledgment that no Default
or Breach by Lessee of this Lease exists, nor shall such consent be deemed a waiver of any then existing Default or Breach, except as
may be otherwise specifically stated in writing by Lessor at the time of such consent. The failure to specify herein any particular
condition to Lessor s consent shall not preclude the imposition by Lessor at the time of consent of such further or other conditions
as are then reasonable with reference to the particular matter for which consent is being given. In the event that either Party disagrees
with any determination made by the other hereunder and reasonably requests the reasons for such determination, the determining party
shall furnish its reasons in writing and in reasonable detail within 10 business days following such request. 

37. Guarantor. 

37.1 Execution . The Guarantors, if any, shall each execute a guaranty in the form most recently published BY AIR CRE. 

37.2 Default .
It shall constitute a Default of the Lessee if any Guarantor fails or refuses, upon request to provide: (a) evidence of the execution
of the guaranty, including the authority of the party signing on Guarantor s behalf to obligate Guarantor, and in the case of a
corporate Guarantor, a certified copy of a resolution of its board of directors authorizing the making of such guaranty, (b) current
financial statements, (c) an Estoppel Certificate, or (d) written confirmation that the guaranty is still in effect. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 27 of 35 

38. Quiet
Possession. Subject to payment by Lessee of the Rent and performance of all of the covenants, conditions and provisions on Lessee s
part to be observed and performed under this Lease, Lessee shall have quiet possession and quiet enjoyment of the Premises during the
term hereof. 

39. Options. If Lessee is granted any option, as defined below, then the following provisions shall apply. 

39.1 Definition .
 Option shall mean: (a) the right to extend or reduce the term of or renew this Lease or to extend or reduce the
term of or renew any lease that Lessee has on other property of Lessor; (b) the right of first refusal or first offer
to lease either the Premises or other property of Lessor; (c) the right to purchase, the right of first offer to purchase or
the right of first refusal to purchase the Premises or other property of Lessor. 

39.2 Options
Personal To Original Lessee . Any Option granted to Lessee in this Lease is personal to the original Lessee, and cannot be assigned
or exercised by anyone other than said original Lessee and only while the original Lessee is in full possession of the Premises and,
if requested by Lessor, with Lessee certifying that Lessee has no intention of thereafter assigning or subletting. 

39.3 Multiple
Options . In the event that Lessee has any multiple Options to extend or renew this Lease, a later Option cannot be exercised unless
the prior Options have been validly exercised. 

39.4 Effect of Default on Options. 

(a) Lessee
shall have no right to exercise an Option: (i) during the period commencing with the giving of any notice of Default and continuing until
said Default is cured, (ii) during the period of time any Rent is unpaid (without regard to whether notice thereof is given Lessee),
(iii) during the time Lessee is in Breach of this Lease, or (iv) in the event that Lessee has been given 3 or more notices of separate
Default, whether or not the Defaults are cured, during the 12 month period immediately preceding the exercise of the Option. 

(b) The
period of time within which an Option may be exercised shall not be extended or enlarged by reason of Lessee s inability to exercise
an Option because of the provisions of Paragraph 39.4(a). 

(c) An
Option shall terminate and be of no further force or effect, notwithstanding Lessee s due and timely exercise of the Option,
if, after such exercise and prior to the commencement of the extended term or completion of the purchase, (i) Lessee fails to pay Rent
for a period of 30 days after such Rent becomes due (without any necessity of Lessor to give notice thereof), or (ii) if Lessee commits
a Breach of this Lease. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 28 of 35 

40. Security
Measures. Lessee hereby acknowledges that the Rent payable to Lessor hereunder does not include the cost of guard service or other
security measures, and that Lessor shall have no obligation whatsoever to provide same. Lessee assumes all responsibility for the protection
of the Premises, Lessee, its agents and invitees and their property from the acts of third parties. 

41. Reservations.
 Lessor reserves the right: (i) to grant, without the consent or joinder of Lessee, such easements, rights and dedications that Lessor
deems necessary; (ii) to cause the recordation of parcel maps and restrictions; and (iii) to create and/or install new utility raceways,
so long as such easements, rights, dedications, maps, restrictions, and utility raceways do not unreasonably interfere with the use of
the Premises by Lessee. Lessee agrees to sign any documents reasonably requested by Lessor to effectuate such rights. 

42. Performance
Under Protest. If at any time a dispute shall arise as to any amount or sum of money to be paid by one Party to the other under the
provisions hereof, the Party against whom the obligation to pay the money is asserted shall have the right to make payment under
protest and such payment shall not be regarded as a voluntary payment and there shall survive the right on the part of said Party
to institute suit for recovery of such sum. If it shall be adjudged that there was no legal obligation on the part of said Party to pay
such sum or any part thereof, said Party shall be entitled to recover such sum or so much thereof as it was not legally required to pay.
A Party who does not initiate suit for the recovery of sums paid under protest within 6 months shall be deemed to have
waived its right to protest such payment. 

43. Authority; Multiple Parties; Execution. 

(a) If
either Party hereto is a corporation, trust, limited liability company, partnership, or similar entity, each individual executing this
Lease on behalf of such entity represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Lease on its behalf.
Each Party shall, within 30 days after request, deliver to the other Party satisfactory evidence of such authority. 

(b) If
this Lease is executed by more than one person or entity as Lessee , each such person or entity shall be jointly and severally
liable hereunder. It is agreed that any one of the named Lessees shall be empowered to execute any amendment to this Lease, or other
document ancillary thereto and bind all of the named Lessees, and Lessor may rely on the same as if all of the named Lessees had executed
such document. 

(c) This
Lease may be executed by the Parties in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 29 of 35 

44. Conflict.
 Any conflict between the printed provisions of this Lease and the typewritten or handwritten provisions shall be controlled
by the typewritten or handwritten provisions. 

45. Offer .
Preparation of this Lease by either party or their agent and submission of same to the other Party shall not be deemed an offer
to lease to the other Party. This Lease is not intended to be binding until executed and delivered by all Parties hereto. 

46. Amendments.
 This Lease may be modified only in writing, signed by the Parties in interest at the time of the modification. As long
as they do not materially change Lessee s obligations hereunder, Lessee agrees to make such reasonable non-monetary modifications
to this Lease as may be reasonably required by a Lender in connection with the obtaining of normal financing or refinancing
of the Premises. 

47. Waiver
of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING INVOLVING THE PROPERTY OR
ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

48.
Arbitration of Disputes. An Addendum requiring the Arbitration of all disputes between the Parties and/or Brokers arising out of this
Lease is is not attached to this
Lease. 

49. Accessibility; Americans with Disabilities Act. 

(a)
The Premises: 

have not undergone an inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp).
Note: A Certified Access Specialist (CASp) can inspect the subject premises and determine whether the subject premises comply
with all of the applicable construction-related accessibility standards under state law. Although state law does not require a CASp
inspection of the subject premises, the commercial property owner or lessor may not prohibit the lessee or tenant from obtaining a
CASp inspection of the subject premises for the occupancy or potential occupancy of the lessee or tenant, if requested by the lessee
or tenant. The parties shall mutually agree on the arrangements for the time and manner of the CASp inspection, the payment of the
fee for the CASp inspection, and the cost of making any repairs necessary to correct violations of construction-related
accessibility standards within the premises. 

have
undergone an inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp) and it was determined that the Premises met all applicable
construction-related accessibility standards pursuant to California Civil Code 55.51 et seq. Lessee acknowledges that it
received a copy of the inspection report at least 48 hours prior to executing this Lease and agrees to keep such report
confidential. 

have
undergone an inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp) and it was determined that the Premises did not meet all
applicable construction-related accessibility standards pursuant to California Civil Code 55.51 et seq. Lessee acknowledges
that it received a copy of the inspection report at least 48 hours prior to executing this Lease and agrees to keep such report
confidential except as necessary to complete repairs and corrections of violations of construction related accessibility
standards. 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 30 of 35 

In
the event that the Premises have been issued an inspection report by a CASp the Lessor shall provide a copy of the disability access
inspection certificate to Lessee within 7 days of the execution of this Lease. 

(b) Since
compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other state and local accessibility statutes are dependent upon Lessee s
specific use of the Premises, Lessor makes no warranty or representation as to whether or not the Premises comply with ADA or any
similar legislation. In the event that Lessee s use of the Premises requires modifications or additions to the Premises in
order to be in compliance with ADA or other accessibility statutes, Lessee agrees to make any such necessary modifications and/or
additions at Lessee s expense. 

LESSOR
AND LESSEE HAVE CAREFULLY READ AND REVIEWED THIS LEASE AND EACH TERM AND PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN, AND BY THE EXECUTION OF THIS LEASE
SHOW THEIR INFORMED AND VOLUNTARY CONSENT THERETO. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE THAT, AT THE TIME THIS LEASE IS EXECUTED, THE TERMS OF THIS
LEASE ARE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE AND EFFECTUATE THE INTENT AND PURPOSE OF LESSOR AND LESSEE WITH RESPECT TO THE PREMISES. 

ATTENTION:
NO REPRESENTATION OR RECOMMENDATION IS MADE BY AIR CRE OR BY ANY BROKER AS TO THE LEGAL SUFFICIENCY, LEGAL EFFECT, OR TAX CONSEQUENCES
OF THIS LEASE OR THE TRANSACTION TO WHICH IT RELATES. THE PARTIES ARE URGED TO: 

1. SEEK ADVICE OF COUNSEL AS TO THE LEGAL AND TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS LEASE. 

2. RETAIN
APPROPRIATE CONSULTANTS TO REVIEW AND INVESTIGATE THE CONDITION OF THE PREMISES. SAID INVESTIGATION SHOULD INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED
TO: THE POSSIBLE PRESENCE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES, THE ZONING OF THE PREMISES, THE STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY, THE CONDITION OF THE ROOF AND
OPERATING SYSTEMS, COMPLIANCE WITH THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE PREMISES FOR LESSEE S INTENDED
USE. 

WARNING:
IF THE PREMISES ARE LOCATED IN A STATE OTHER THAN CALIFORNIA, CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE LEASE MAY NEED TO BE REVISED TO COMPLY WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE PREMISES ARE LOCATED. 

The
parties hereto have executed this Lease at the place and on the dates specified above their respective signatures. 

Executed at: 
 Kapalua, Hawaii 
 
 Executed
at: 
 Huntington Beach 
 
 On: 
 September 30, 2022 | 12:56 PM PDT 
 
 On: 
 September 30, 2022 | 12:20 PM PDT 

By
LESSOR : 

Slater
 Palms LLC 
 
 Submersible
 Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation 

By: 

By: 

Name Printed: 
 Stephen J. Rimel 
 
 Name Printed: 
 Christeen Buban 
 
 Title: 
 Managing Member 
 
 Title: 
 President 
 
 Phone: 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Fax: 

Email: 

Email: 

By: 

By: 

Name Printed: 

Name Printed: 

Title: 

Title: 

Phone: 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Fax: 

Email: 

Email: 

Address 

Address 

Federal
 ID No.: 

Federal
 ID No.: 

BROKER 

BROKER 

Lee Associates -Newport Beach 

Attn: 
 Brad
 Schneider/Nick Krakower 
 
 Attn: 

Title: 
 SVP/Principal
 / Senior Associate 
 
 Title: 

Address: 
 100 Bayview Circle, Suite 600 
 
 Address: 

Newport Beach, CA 92660 

Phone: 
 (949) 724-4708/(949) 724- 4720 
 
 Phone: 

Fax: 
 (949) 623-6308/(949( 6320 
 
 Fax: 

Email: 
 bschneider@lee- associates.com 
 nkrakower@lee-associates.com 
 
 Email: 

Federal ID No.: 

Federal ID No. 

Broker DRE License #: 
 01197433 
 
 Broker DRE License #: 

Agent DRE License #: 
 01887613/02100512 
 
 Agent DRE License #: 

AIR
CRE https://www.aircre.com 213-687-8777 contracts@aircre.com 

 NOTICE:
No part of these works may be reproduced in any form without permission in writing. 

 Schneider/Submersible Systems-7413 Slater Avenue-Gross Lease 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 31 of 35 

ADDENDUM
TO LEASE 

Date: September 14, 2022 

 By
and Between 

 Lessor:
 Slater Palms LLC 

 Lessee:
 Submersible Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation 

 Property
Address: 7413 Slater Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647 

 (street
address, city, state, zip) 

Paragraph:
 50-53 

In the event of any conflict between
the provisions of this Addendum and the printed provisions of the Lease, this Addendum shall control. 

50. Rent
 Schedule: 

February 1, 2023 - January 31, 2024 
 17,550.00 
 
 February 1, 2024 - January 31, 2025 
 17,550.00 
 
 February 1, 2025 - January 31, 2026 
 18,077.00 
 
 February 1, 2026 - January 31, 2027 
 18,619.00 
 
 February 1, 2027 - January 31, 2028 
 19,177.00 

51. Lessor
 Improvements: 

Lessor,
at Lessor s sole cost expense, shall install a new roll up door. 

52. Operating
 Expenses: 

The
above mentioned Rent is inclusive of a 0.05/SF Common Area Operating Expense (CAM). Lessee shall not be obligated to pay any additional
CAM charge during the term of the lease. 

53. Security
 Deposit: 

The
current Security Deposit on file is 8,450.00. The total Security Deposit required is 19,177.00. Therefore, the Lessee shall pay to
Lessor a Security Deposit equivalent to 10,727.00 upon execution of this lease. 

AIR
CRE https://www.aircre.com 213-687-8777 contracts@aircre.com 

 NOTICE: No part of these
works may be reproduced in any form without permission in writing. 

 Submersible Systems-7413
Slater Avenue-Gross Lease 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 32 of 35 

ARBITRATION
AGREEMENT 

 STANDARD
LEASE ADDENDUM 

Dated:
 September 14, 2022 

 By
and Between 

 Lessor:
 Slater Palms LLC 

 Lessee:
 Submersible Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation 

 Property
Address: 7413 Slater Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647 

(street
address, city, state, zip) 

Paragraph:
 54 

A. 
 ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES: 

Except as provided in Paragraph B below, the Parties
agree to resolve any and all claims, disputes or disagreements arising under this Lease, including, but not limited to any matter relating
to Lessor s failure to approve an assignment, sublease or other transfer of Lessee s interest in the Lease under Paragraph
12 of this Lease, any other defaults by Lessor, or any defaults by Lessee by and through arbitration as provided below and irrevocably
waive any and all rights to the contrary. The Parties agree to at all times conduct themselves in strict, full, complete and timely accordance
with the terms hereof and that any attempt to circumvent the terms of this Arbitration Agreement shall be absolutely null and void and
of no force or effect whatsoever. 

B. 
 DISPUTES EXCLUDED FROM
 ARBITRATION: 

The following claims, disputes or disagreements under
this Lease are expressly excluded from the arbitration procedures set forth herein: 1. Disputes for which a different resolution
determination is specifically set forth in this Lease, 2. All claims by either party which (a) seek anything other than enforcement
or determination of rights under this Lease, or (b) are primarily founded upon matters of fraud, willful misconduct, bad faith or any
other allegations of tortious action, and seek the award of punitive or exemplary damages, 3. Claims relating to (a) Lessor s exercise
of any unlawful detainer rights pursuant to applicable law or (b) rights or remedies used by Lessor to gain possession of the Premises
or terminate Lessee s right of possession to the Premises, all of which disputes shall be resolved by suit filed in the applicable
court of jurisdiction, the decision of which court shall be subject to appeal pursuant to applicable law 4. Any claim or dispute that
is within the jurisdiction of the Small Claims Court and 5. All claims arising under Paragraph 39 of this Lease. 

C. 
 APPOINTMENT OF AN ARBITRATOR : 

All disputes subject to this Arbitration Agreement,
shall be determined by binding arbitration before: a retired
judge of the applicable court of jurisdiction (e.g., the Superior Court of the State of California) affiliated with Judicial Arbitration
 Mediation Services, Inc. JAMS ), the American Arbitration Association AAA under its commercial arbitration rules, ,
or as may be otherwise mutually agreed by Lessor and Lessee (the Arbitrator ). In the event that the parties elect
to use an arbitrator other than one affiliated with JAMS or AAA then such arbitrator shall be obligated to comply with the Code
of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes (see: http://www.adr.org/aaa/ShowProperty?nodeId=/UCM/ADRSTG_003867). Such arbitration
shall be initiated by the Parties, or either of them, within ten (10) days after either party sends written notice (the Arbitration
Notice of a demand to arbitrate by registered or certified mail to the other party and to the Arbitrator. The Arbitration
Notice shall contain a description of the subject matter of the arbitration, the dispute with respect thereto, the amount involved, if
any, and the remedy or determination sought. If the Parties have agreed to use JAMS they may agree on a retired judge from the JAMS panel.
If they are unable to agree within ten days, JAMS will provide a list of three available judges and each party may strike one. The remaining
judge (or if there are two, the one selected by JAMS) will serve as the Arbitrator. If the Parties have elected to utilize AAA or some
other organization, the Arbitrator shall be selected in accordance with said organization s rules. In the event the Arbitrator
is not selected as provided for above for any reason, the party initiating arbitration shall apply to the appropriate Court for the appointment
of a qualified retired judge to act as the Arbitrator. 

D. ARBITRATION PROCEDURE : 

1. PRE-HEARING ACTIONS .
The Arbitrator shall schedule a pre-hearing conference to resolve procedural matters, arrange for the exchange of information, obtain
stipulations, and narrow the issues. The Parties will submit proposed discovery schedules to the Arbitrator at the pre-hearing conference.
The scope and duration of discovery will be within the sole discretion of the Arbitrator. The Arbitrator shall have the discretion to
order a pre-hearing exchange of information by the Parties, including, without limitation, production of requested documents, exchange
of summaries of testimony of proposed witnesses, and examination by deposition of parties and third-party witnesses. This discretion shall
be exercised in favor of discovery reasonable under the circumstances. The Arbitrator shall issue subpoenas and subpoenas duces tecum
as provided for in the applicable statutory or case law (e.g., in California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1282.6). 

2. THE DECISION . The arbitration
shall be conducted in the city or county within which the Premises are located at a reasonably convenient site. Any Party may be represented
by counsel or other authorized representative. In rendering a decision(s), the Arbitrator shall determine the rights and obligations of
the Parties according to the substantive laws and the terms and provisions of this Lease. The Arbitrator s decision shall be based
on the evidence introduced at the hearing, including all logical and reasonable inferences therefrom. The Arbitrator may make any determination
and/or grant any remedy or relief that is just and equitable. The decision must be based on, and accompanied by, a written statement of
decision explaining the factual and legal basis for the decision as to each of the principal controverted issues. The decision shall be
conclusive and binding, and it may thereafter be confirmed as a judgment by the court of applicable jurisdiction, subject only to
challenge on the grounds set forth in the applicable statutory or case law (e.g., in California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1286.2).
The validity and enforceability of the Arbitrator s decision is to be determined exclusively by the court of appropriate jurisdiction
pursuant to the provisions of this Lease. The Arbitrator may award costs, including without limitation, Arbitrator s fees and costs,
attorneys fees, and expert and witness costs, to the prevailing party, if any, as determined by the Arbitrator in his discretion. 

Whenever a matter which has
been submitted to arbitration involves a dispute as to whether or not a particular act or omission (other than a failure to pay money)
constitutes a Default, the time to commence or cease such action shall be tolled from the date that the Notice of Arbitration is served
through and until the date the Arbitrator renders his or her decision. Provided, however, that this provision shall NOT apply in the
event that the Arbitrator determines that the Arbitration Notice was prepared in bad faith. 

Whenever a dispute arises between
the Parties concerning whether or not the failure to make a payment of money constitutes a default, the service of an Arbitration Notice
shall NOT toll the time period in which to pay the money. The Party allegedly obligated to pay the money may, however, elect to pay the
money under protest by accompanying said payment with a written statement setting forth the reasons for such protest. If
thereafter, the Arbitrator determines that the Party who received said money was not entitled to such payment, said money shall be promptly
returned to the Party who paid such money under protest together with Interest thereon as defined in Paragraph 13.5. If a Party makes
a payment under protest but no Notice of Arbitration is filed within thirty days, then such protest shall be deemed
waived. (See also Paragraph 42 or 43) 

AIR CRE https://www.aircre.com 213-687-8777
 contracts@aircre.com 

 NOTICE: No part of these works may be reproduced
in any form without permission in writing. 

 Submersible Systems-7413 Slater Avenue-Gross
Lease 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 33 of 35 

GUARANTY OF LEASE 

WHEREAS, Slater Palms,
LLC , hereinafter Lessor , and Submersible Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation , hereinafter Lessee ,
are about to execute a document entitled Lease dated September 14, 2022
 concerning the premises commonly known as (street address, city, state, zip) 7413 Slater Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647
 wherein Lessor will lease the premises to Lessee, and 

WHEREAS, Brownie s
Marine Group, Inc. hereinafter
 Guarantors have a financial interest in Lessee, and 

WHEREAS, Lessor would not execute the Lease if Guarantors
did not execute and deliver to Lessor this Guaranty of Lease. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the execution of said Lease by Lessor and as a material inducement to Lessor to execute said Lease, Guarantors hereby jointly, severally,
unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee the prompt payment by Lessee of all rents and all other sums payable by Lessee under said Lease
and the faithful and prompt performance by Lessee of each and every one of the terms, conditions and covenants of said Lease to be kept
and performed by Lessee. 

It is specifically agreed
by Lessor and Guarantors that: (i) the terms of the foregoing Lease may be modified by agreement between Lessor and Lessee, or by
a course of conduct, and (ii) said Lease may be assigned by Lessor or any assignee of Lessor without the consent of or notice to Guarantors
and that this Guaranty shall guarantee the performance of said Lease as so modified. 

This Guaranty shall not be released,
modified or affected by the failure or delay on the part of Lessor to enforce any of the rights or remedies of the Lessor under
said Lease. 

No notice of default by Lessee
under the Lease need be given by Lessor to Guarantors, it being specifically agreed that the guarantee of the undersigned is a continuing
guarantee under which Lessor may proceed immediately against Lessee and/or against Guarantors following any breach or default by Lessee
or for the enforcement of any rights which Lessor may have as against Lessee under the terms of the Lease or at law or in equity. 

Lessor shall have the right to
proceed against Guarantors following any breach or default by Lessee under the Lease without first proceeding against Lessee and
without previous notice to or demand upon either Lessee or Guarantors. 

Guarantors hereby waive (a) notice
of acceptance of this Guaranty. (b) demand of payment, presentation and protest, (c) all right to assert or plead any statute of limitations
relating to this Guaranty or the Lease, (d) any right to require the Lessor to proceed against the Lessee or any other Guarantor or any
other person or entity liable to Lessor, (e) any right to require Lessor to apply to any default any security deposit or other security
it may hold under the Lease, (f) any right to require Lessor to proceed under any other remedy Lessor may have before proceeding against
Guarantors, (g) any right of subrogation that Guarantors may have against Lessee. 

Guarantors do hereby subordinate
all existing or future indebtedness of Lessee to Guarantors to the obligations owed to Lessor under the Lease and this Guaranty. 

If a Guarantor is married, such
Guarantor expressly agrees that recourse may be had against his or her separate property for all of the obligations hereunder. 

The obligations of Lessee under
the Lease to execute and deliver estoppel statements and financial statements, as therein provided, shall be deemed to also require
the Guarantors to provide estoppel statements and financial statements to Lessor. The failure of the Guarantors to provide the same
to Lessor shall constitute a default under the Lease. 

The term Lessor 
refers to and means the Lessor named in the Lease and also Lessor s successors and assigns. So long as Lessor s interest in
the Lease, the leased premises or the rents, issues and profits therefrom, are subject to any mortgage or deed of trust or assignment
for security, no acquisition by Guarantors of the Lessor s interest shall affect the continuing obligation of Guarantors under
this Guaranty which shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the mortgagee, beneficiary,
trustee or assignee under such mortgage, deed of trust or assignment and their successors and assigns. 

The term Lessee refers to and means
the Lessee named in the Lease and also Lessee s successors and assigns. 

Any recovery by Lessor from any
other guarantor or insurer shall first be credited to the portion of Lessee s indebtedness to Lessor which exceeds the maximum
liability of Guarantors under this Guaranty. 

No provision of this Guaranty
or right of the Lessor can be waived, nor can the Guarantors be released from their obligations except in writing signed by the Lessor. 

Any litigation concerning this
Guaranty shall be initiated in a state court of competent jurisdiction in the county in which the leased premises are located and the
Guarantors consent to the jurisdiction of such court. This Guaranty shall be governed by the laws of the State in which the leased premises
are located and for the purposes of any rules regarding conflicts of law the parties shall be treated as if they were all residents
or domiciles of such State. 

In the event any action be brought
by said Lessor against Guarantors hereunder to enforce the obligation of Guarantors hereunder, the unsuccessful party in such action shall
pay to the prevailing party therein a reasonable attorney s fee. The attorney s fee award shall not be computed in accordance
with any court fee schedule, but shall be such as to full reimburse all attorneys fees reasonably incurred. 

If any Guarantor is a corporation,
partnership, or limited liability company, each individual executing this Guaranty on said entity s behalf represents and warrants
that he or she is duly authorized to execute this Guaranty on behalf of such entity. Signatures to this Guaranty accomplished by means
of electronic signature or similar technology shall be legal and binding. 

If this Form has been filled
in, it has been prepared for submission to your attorney for his approval. No representation or recommendation is made BY AIR CRE, the
real estate broker or its agents or employees as to the legal sufficiency, legal effect, or tax consequences of this Form or
the transaction relating thereto. 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 34 of 35 

GUARANTORS 
 
 Executed
 At: 
 Pompano
 Beach, FL 

Brownie s
 Marine Group, Inc. 
 
 On: 
 September
 30, 2022 | 12:35 PM PDT 

By: 

By: 

Name Printed: 
 Christopher
 Constable 
 
 Name Printed: 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Title: 

Address: 

Address: 

AIR
CRE https://www.aircre.com 213-687-8777 contracts@aircre.com 

 NOTICE:
No part of these works may be reproduced in any form without permission in writing. 

 Schneider/Submersible
Systems-7413 Slater-Guaranty of Lease 

INITIALS 

INITIALS 

2019 AIR CRE. All Rights Reserved. MTG-24.40, Revised 10-22-2020 Page 35 of 35 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 3
 ex10-35.htm

Exhibit
10.35 

SUBLEASE
FOR MULTIPLE TENANTS 

To
be used if there will be one or more sublessees sharing the space with each other and/or the lessee, whether or not the space (Premises)
is a single tenant building or is located in a multi-tenant building. 

If
the entire space (Premises) will be subleased by a single sublessee, whether or not the space (Premises) is a single tenant building
or is located in a multi-tenant building, use the Sublease for a Single Sublessee. 

1. Basic Provisions Basic Provisions ). 

1.1
 Parties : This Sublease Sublease ), dated for reference purposes only September 20, 2022 ,
is made by and between Submersible Systems, Inc.,a Florida corporation 
 Sublessor and Camburg Engineering,Inc. 
 Sublessee ), (collectively the Parties , or individually a Party ). 

1.2(a)
 Premises : That certain portion of the Project (as defined below), commonly known as (street address, unit/suite, city, state)
 
 7413 Slater Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647 Premises ). The Premises are located in the
County of Orange and consist of approximately 2,247 square feet. In addition to Sublessee s rights
to use and occupy the Premises as hereinafter specified, Sublessee shall have nonexclusive rights to the Common Areas (as defined below)
as hereinafter specified, but shall not have any rights to the roof, the exterior walls, or the utility raceways of the building containing
the Premises Building or to any other buildings in the Project. The Premises, the Building, the Common Areas,
the land upon which they are located, along with all other buildings and improvements thereon, are herein collectively referred to as
the Project . 

1.2(b) Parking :
 Zero (0) unreserved and zero (0) reserved vehicle parking spaces. 

1.3
 Term : Five (5) years and four (4) months commencing October 1, 2022 Commencement Date and ending January 31, 2028 Expiration
Date ). 

1.4
 Early Possession : If the Premises are available Sublessee may have non-exclusive possession of the Premises commencing N/A 
 Early Possession Date ). 

1.5
 Base Rent : 2,247.00 per month Base Rent ), payable on the first
(1st) day of each month commencing October 1, 2022 . 

If
this box is checked, there are provisions in this Sublease for the Base Rent to be adjusted. 

1.6
 Sublessee s Share of Operating Expenses : --- 
percent --- ( Sublessee s
Share ). In the event that that size of the Premises and/or the Project are modified during the term of this Lease, Lessor
shall recalculate Lessee s Share to reflect such modification. 

1.7
 Base Rent and Other Monies Paid Upon Execution: 

(a) Base
 Rent : 2,247.00 for the period October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 
 . 
 
 (b) Security
 Deposit : 5,058.00 Security Deposit ). 
 
 (c) Other :
 112.00 for Monthly CAM fee . 
 
 (d) Total
 Due Upon Execution of this Lease : 7,417.00 . 

1.8 AgreedUse :
ThePremises shallbe usedand occupiedonlyfor Warehouse storage onlyof auto
parts 
 and for no other purposes. 

1.9 Real Estate Brokers. 

(a) Representation : Each Party acknowledges receiving a Disclosure Regarding Real
Estate Agency Relationship, confirms and consents to the following agency relationships in this Lease with the following real estate
brokers Broker(s) and/or their agents Agent(s) ): 

Sublessor s
Brokerage Firm 

License
No. is
the broker of (check one): 

the Sublessor; or 
 both the Sublessee and Sublessor
(dual agent). 

Sublessor s
Agent 

License No. 
 is (check one): 

the Sublessor s Agent (salesperson or broker associate); or 
 both the Sublessee s Agent and the Sublessor s Agent (dual agent). 

Sublessee s
Brokerage Firm 

License No. 
 is the broker of (check one): 

the Sublessee; or 
 both the Sublessee and Sublessor (dual agent). 

Sublessee s
Agent 

License No. 
 is (check one): 

the
Sublessee s Agent (salesperson or broker associate); or both the Sublessee s Agent and the Sublessor s
Agent (dual agent). 

(b)
 Payment to Brokers : Upon execution and delivery of this Sublease by both Parties, Sublessor shall pay to the Brokers the brokerage
 fee agreed to in a separate written agreement (or if there is no such agreement, the sum of 
 or of the
total Base Rent) for the brokerage services rendered by the Brokers. 

1.10 Guarantor . The obligations of the Sublessee under this Sublease shall be guaranteed by N/A Guarantor ). 

1.11
 Attachments . Attached hereto are the following, all of which constitute a part of this Sublease: 

an Addendum consisting of Paragraphs 14 
 through 15 ; 

a
plot plan depicting the Premises and/or Project; 

a current set of the Rules and Regulations; 

a
Work Letter; 

a
copy of the Master Lease and any and all amendments to such lease (collectively the Master Lease );
other(specify). 

2. Premises. 

2.1 Letting . Sublessor hereby subleases to Sublessee, and Sublessee hereby subleases
from Sublessor, the Premises, for the term, at the rental, and upon all of the terms, covenants and conditions set forth in this
Sublease. While the approximate square footage of the Premises may have been used in the marketing of the Premises for purposes of
comparison, the Base Rent stated herein is NOT tied to square footage and is not subject to adjustment should the actual size be
determined to be different. Note: Sublessee is advised to verify the actual size prior to executing this
Sublease. 

2.2 Condition . Sublessor shall deliver the Premises to Sublessee broom clean and free of debris on the Commencement Date or the Early Possession Date, whichever first occurs Start Date ), and warrants that the existing electrical, plumbing, fire sprinkler, lighting, heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems HVAC ), and any items which the Sublessor is obligated to construct pursuant to the Work Letter attached hereto, if any, other than those constructed by Sublessee, shall be in good operating condition on said date. If a non-compliance with such warranty exists as of the Start Date, or if one of such systems or elements should malfunction or fail within the appropriate warranty period, Sublessor shall, as Sublessor s sole obligation with respect to such matter, except as otherwise provided in this Sublease, promptly after receipt of written notice from Sublessee setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance, malfunction or failure, rectify same at Sublessor s expense. The warranty periods shall be as follows: (i) 6 months as to the HVAC systems, and (ii) 30 days as to the remaining systems and other elements. If Sublessee does not give Sublessor the required notice within the appropriate warranty period, correction of any such non-compliance, malfunction or failure shall be the obligation of Sublessee at Sublessee s sole cost and expense. 

2.3 Compliance . Sublessor warrants that any improvements, alterations or utility
installations made or installed by or on behalf of Sublessor to or on the Premises comply with all applicable covenants or
restrictions of record and applicable building codes, regulations and ordinances Applicable Requirements in
effect on the date that they were made or installed. Sublessor makes no warranty as to the use to which Sublessee will put the
Premises or to modifications which may be required by the Americans with Disabilities Act or any similar laws as a result of
Sublessee s use. NOTE: Sublessee is responsible for determining whether or not the zoning and other Applicable Requirements
are appropriate for Sublessee s intended use, and acknowledges that past uses of the Premises may no longer be allowed. If
the Premises do not comply with said warranty, Sublessor shall, except as otherwise provided, promptly after receipt of written
notice from Sublessee setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance, rectify the same. 

2.4 Acknowledgements . Sublessee acknowledges that: (a) it has been given an opportunity
to inspect and measure the Premises, (b) it has been advised by Sublessor and/or Brokers to satisfy itself with respect to the
condition of the Premises (including but not limited to the electrical, HVAC and fire sprinkler systems, security, environmental
aspects, and compliance with Applicable Requirements and the Americans with Disabilities Act), and their suitability for
Sublessee s intended use, (c) Sublessee has made such investigation as it deems necessary with reference to such matters and
assumes all responsibility therefor as the same relate to its occupancy of the Premises, (d) it is not relying on any representation
as to the size of the Premises made by Brokers or Sublessor, (e) the square footage of the Premises was not material to
Sublessee s decision to sublease the Premises and pay the Rent stated herein, and (f) neither Sublessor, Sublessor s
agents, nor Brokers have made any oral or written representations or warranties with respect to said matters other than as set forth
in this Sublease. In addition, Sublessor acknowledges that: (i) Brokers have made no representations, promises or warranties
concerning Sublessee s ability to honor the Sublease or suitability to occupy the Premises, and (ii) it is Sublessor s
sole responsibility to investigate the financial capability and/or suitability of all proposed tenants. 

2.5 Americans with Disabilities Act . In the event that as a result of Sublessee s
use, or intended use, of the Premises the Americans with Disabilities Act or any similar law requires modifications or the
construction or installation of improvements in or to the Premises, Building, Project and/or Common Areas, the Parties agree that
such modifications, construction or improvements shall be made at: Sublessor s expense Sublessee s expense. 

2.6 Vehicle Parking . Sublessee shall be entitled to use the number of Unreserved
Parking Spaces and Reserved Parking Spaces specified in Paragraph 1.2(b) on those portions of the Common Areas designated from time
to time for parking. Sublessee shall not use more parking spaces than said number. Said parking spaces shall be used for parking by
vehicles no larger than full-size passenger automobiles or pickup trucks, herein called Permitted Size Vehicles . 
Sublessor may regulate the loading and unloading of vehicles by adopting Rules and Regulations as provided in Paragraph 2.9. No
vehicles other than Permitted Size Vehicles may be parked in the Common Area without the prior written permission of
Sublessor. 

(a) Sublessee shall not permit or allow any vehicles that belong to or are controlled by
Sublessee or Sublessee s employees, suppliers, shippers, customers, contractors or invitees to be loaded, unloaded, or parked
in areas other than those designated by Sublessor for such activities. 

(b) Sublessee shall not service or store any vehicles in the Common Areas. 

(c) If Sublessee permits or allows any of the prohibited activities described in this
Paragraph 2.6, then Sublessor shall have the right, without notice, in addition to such other rights and remedies that it may have,
to remove or tow away the vehicle involved and charge the cost to Sublessee, which cost shall be immediately payable upon demand by
Sublessor. 

2.7 Common
Areas - Definition . The term Common Areas is defined as all areas and facilities outside the Premises and
within the exterior boundary line of the Project and interior utility raceways and installations within the Premises that are
provided and designated by the Sublessor from time to time for the general nonexclusive use of Sublessor, Sublessee and other
tenants of the Project and their respective employees, suppliers, shippers, customers, contractors and invitees, including parking
areas, loading and unloading areas, trash areas, roofs, roadways, walkways, driveways and landscaped areas. 

2.8 Common
Areas - Sublessee s Rights . Sublessor grants to Sublessee, for the benefit of Sublessee and its employees, suppliers,
shippers, contractors, customers and invitees, during the term of this Sublease, the nonexclusive right to use, in common with
others entitled to such use, the Common Areas as they exist from time to time, subject to any rights, powers, and privileges
reserved by Sublessor under the terms hereof or under the terms of any rules and regulations or restrictions governing the use of
the Project. Under no circumstances shall the right herein granted to use the Common Areas be deemed to include the right to store
any property, temporarily or permanently, in the Common Areas. Any such storage shall be permitted only by the prior written consent
of Sublessor or Sublessor s designated agent, which consent may be revoked at any time. In the event that any unauthorized
storage shall occur then Sublessor shall have the right, without notice, in addition to such other rights and remedies that it may
have, to remove the property and charge the cost to Sublessee, which cost shall be immediately payable upon demand by
Sublessor. 

2.9 Common
Areas - Rules and Regulations . Sublessor or such other person(s) as Sublessor may appoint shall have the exclusive control and
management of the Common Areas and shall have the right, from time to time, to establish, modify, amend and enforce reasonable rules
and regulations Rules and Regulations for the management, safety, care, and cleanliness of the grounds, the
parking and unloading of vehicles and the preservation of good order, as well as for the convenience of other occupants or tenants
of the Building and the Project and their invitees. Sublessee agrees to abide by and conform to all such Rules and Regulations, and
to cause its employees, suppliers, shippers, customers, contractors and invitees to so abide and conform. Sublessor shall not be
responsible to Sublessee for the noncompliance with said Rules and Regulations by other tenants of the Project. 

2.10 Common
Areas - Changes . Sublessor shall have the right, in Sublessor s sole discretion, from time to time: 

(a) To make changes to the Common Areas, including, without limitation, changes in the
location, size, shape and number of driveways, entrances, parking spaces, parking areas, loading and unloading areas, ingress,
egress, direction of traffic, landscaped areas, walkways and utility raceways; 

(b) To close temporarily any of the Common Areas for maintenance purposes so long as reasonable access to the Premises remains available; 

(c) To add additional buildings and improvements to the Common Areas; 

(d)
To use the Common Areas while engaged in making additional improvements, repairs or alterations to the Project, or any portion thereof;
and 

(e)
To do and perform such other acts and make such other changes in, to or with respect to the Common Areas and Project as Sublessor
may, in the exercise of sound business judgment, deem to be appropriate. 

3. Possession. 

3.1 Early Possession . Any provision herein granting Sublessee Early Possession of the Premises is subject to and conditioned upon the Premises being available for such possession prior to the Commencement Date. Any grant of Early Possession only conveys a non-exclusive right to occupy the Premises. If Sublessee totally or partially occupies the Premises prior to the Commencement Date, the obligation to pay Base Rent shall be abated for the period of such Early Possession. All other terms of this Sublease (including but not limited to the obligations to pay Sublessee s Share of Common Area Operating Expenses, Real Property Taxes and insurance premiums and to maintain the Premises) shall, however, be in effect during such period. Any such Early Possession shall not affect the Expiration Date. 

3.2 Delay in Commencement . Sublessor agrees to use its best commercially reasonable efforts to deliver possession of the Premises by the Commencement Date. If, despite said efforts, Sublessor is unable to deliver possession as agreed, the rights and obligations of Sublessor and Sublessee shall be as set forth in Paragraph 3.3 of the Master Lease (as modified by Paragraph 6.3 of this Sublease). 

3.3 Sublessee Compliance . Sublessor shall not be required to tender possession of the Premises to Sublessee until Sublessee complies with its obligation to provide evidence of insurance. Pending delivery of such evidence, Sublessee shall be required to perform all of its obligations under this Sublease from and after the Start Date, including the payment of Rent, notwithstanding Sublessor s election to withhold possession pending receipt of such evidence of insurance. Further, if Sublessee is required to perform any other conditions prior to or concurrent with the Start Date, the Start Date shall occur but Sublessor may elect to withhold possession until such conditions are satisfied. 

4. Rent and Other Charges. 

4.1 Rent Defined . All monetary obligations of Sublessee to Sublessor under the terms of
this Sublease (except for the Security Deposit) are deemed to be rent Rent ). Rent shall be payable in lawful
money of the United States to Sublessor at the address stated herein or to such other persons or at such other places as Sublessor
may designate in writing. 

4.2 Common Area Operating Expenses . Sublessee shall pay to Sublessor during the term
hereof, in addition to the Base Rent, Sublessee s Share of all Common Area Operating Expenses, as hereinafter defined, during
each calendar year of the term of this Sublease, in accordance with the following provisions: 

(a) Common Area Operating Expenses are defined, for purposes of this
Sublease, as those costs incurred by Sublessor relating to the operation of the Project, which are included in the following
list: 

(i) Costs related to the operation, repair and maintenance, in neat, clean, good order and condition, but not the replacement of the following: 

(aa)
The Common Areas and Common Area improvements, including parking areas, loading and unloading areas, trash areas, roadways, parkways,
walkways, driveways, landscaped areas, bumpers, irrigation systems, Common Area lighting facilities, fences and gates, elevators, roofs,
and roof drainage systems. 

(bb)
Exterior signs and any tenant directories. 

(cc)
Any fire sprinkler systems. 

(ii) The cost of water, gas, electricity and telephone to service the Common Areas and any utilities not separately metered. 

(iii) The cost of trash disposal, pest control services, property management, security services, and the costs of any environmental inspections. 

(iv) Reserves set aside for maintenance and repair of Common Areas. 

(v) Real Property Taxes. 

(vi) Insurance premiums. 

(vii) Any deductible portion of an insured loss concerning the Building or the Common Areas. 

(b)
The inclusion of the improvements, facilities and services set forth in Subparagraph 4.2(a) shall not be deemed to impose an
obligation upon Sublessor to either have said improvements or facilities or to provide those services unless Sublessor already
provides the services, or Sublessor has agreed elsewhere in this Sublease to provide the same or some of them. 

(c) Sublessee s Share of Common Area Operating Expenses is payable monthly on the same day as the Base Rent is due hereunder. The amount of such payments shall be based on Sublessor s estimate of the Common Area Operating Expenses. Within 60 days after written request (but not more than once each year) Sublessor shall deliver to Sublessee a reasonably detailed statement showing Sublessee s Share of the actual Common Area Operating Expenses incurred during the preceding year. If Sublessee s payments under this Paragraph 4.2(c) during the preceding year exceed Sublessee s Share as indicated on such statement, Sublessor shall credit the amount of such overpayment against Sublessee s Share of Common Area Operating Expenses next becoming due. If Sublessee s payments under this Paragraph 4.2(c) during the preceding year were less than Sublessee s Share as indicated on such statement, Sublessee shall pay to Sublessor the amount of the deficiency within 10 days after delivery by Sublessor to Sublessee of the statement. 

4.3 Utilities . Sublessee shall pay for all water, gas, heat, light, power, telephone,
trash disposal and other utilities and services supplied to the Premises, together with any taxes thereon. Notwithstanding the
provisions of Paragraph 4.2, if at any time in Sublessor s sole judgment, Sublessor determines that Sublessee is using a
disproportionate amount of water, electricity or other commonly metered utilities, or that Sublessee is generating such a large
volume of trash as to require an increase in the size of the dumpster and/or an increase in the number of times per month that the
dumpster is emptied, then Sublessor may increase Sublessee s Base Rent by an amount equal to such increased costs. 

5. Security Deposit . The rights and obligations of Sublessor and Sublessee as to said
Security Deposit shall be as set forth in Paragraph 5 of the Master Lease (as modified by Paragraph 7.3 of this
Sublease). 

6. Master Lease. 

6.1 Sublessor is the lessee of the Premises by virtue of the Master
Lease , wherein Slater Palms LLC is the lessor, hereinafter the Master
Lessor . 

6.2 This Sublease is and shall be at all times subject and subordinate to the Master Lease. 

6.3 The terms, conditions and respective obligations of Sublessor and Sublessee to each other
under this Sublease shall be the terms and conditions of the Master Lease except for those provisions of the Master Lease which are
directly contradicted by this Sublease in which event the terms of this Sublease document shall control over the Master Lease.
Therefore, for the purposes of this Sublease, wherever in the Master Lease the word Lessor is used it shall be deemed
to mean the Sublessor herein and wherever in the Master Lease the word Lessee is used it shall be deemed to mean the
Sublessee herein. 

6.4
During the term of this Sublease and for all periods subsequent for obligations which have arisen prior to the termination of this Sublease,
Sublessee does hereby expressly assume and agree to perform and comply with, for the benefit of Sublessor and Master Lessor, each and
every obligation of Sublessor under the Master Lease except for the following paragraphs which are excluded therefrom: ____ . 

6.5 The obligations that Sublessee has assumed under paragraph 6.4 hereof are hereinafter
referred to as the Sublessee s Assumed Obligations . The obligations that sublessee has not assumed under
paragraph 6.4 hereof are hereinafter referred to as the Sublessor s Remaining Obligations . 

6.6 Sublessee shall hold Sublessor free and harmless from all liability, judgments, costs,
damages, claims or demands, including reasonable attorneys fees, arising out of Sublessee s failure to comply with or perform
Sublessee s Assumed Obligations. 

6.7 Sublessor agrees to maintain the Master Lease during the entire term of this Sublease, subject, however, to any earlier termination of the Master Lease without the fault of the Sublessor, and to comply with or perform Sublessor s Remaining Obligations and to hold Sublessee free and harmless from all liability, judgments, costs, damages, claims or demands arising out of Sublessor s failure to comply with or perform Sublessor s Remaining Obligations. 

6.8 Sublessor represents to Sublessee that the Master Lease is in full force and effect
and that no default exists on the part of any Party to the Master Lease. 

7.
Assignment of Sublease and Default. 

7.1
 Sublessor hereby assigns and transfers to Master Lessor
the Sublessor s interest in this Sublease, subject however to the provisions of Paragraph 8.2 hereof. 

7.2
 Master Lessor, by executing this document, agrees that
until a Default shall occur in the performance of Sublessor s Obligations under the Master Lease, that Sublessor may receive, collect
and enjoy the Rent accruing under this Sublease. However, if Sublessor shall Default in the performance of its obligations to Master
Lessor then Master Lessor may, at its option, receive and collect, directly from Sublessee, all Rent owing and to be owed under this
Sublease. Master Lessor shall not, by reason of this assignment of the Sublease nor by reason of the collection of the Rent from the
Sublessee, be deemed liable to Sublessee for any failure of the Sublessor to perform and comply with Sublessor s Remaining Obligations. 

7.3
 Sublessor hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs
Sublessee upon receipt of any written notice from the Master Lessor stating that a Default exists in the performance of Sublessor s
obligations under the Master Lease, to pay to Master Lessor the Rent due and to become due under the Sublease. Sublessor agrees that
Sublessee shall have the right to rely upon any such statement and request from Master Lessor, and that Sublessee shall pay such Rent
to Master Lessor without any obligation or right to inquire as to whether such Default exists and notwithstanding any notice from or
claim from Sublessor to the contrary and Sublessor shall have no right or claim against Sublessee for any such Rent so paid by Sublessee. 

7.4
 No changes or modifications shall be made to this Sublease
without the consent of Master Lessor. 

8.
Consent of Master Lessor. 

8.1
 In the event that the Master Lease requires that Sublessor
obtain the consent of Master Lessor to any subletting by Sublessor then, this Sublease shall not be effective unless, within 10
days of the date hereof, Master Lessor signs this Sublease thereby giving its consent to this Subletting. 

8.2
 In the event that the obligations of the Sublessor under
the Master Lease have been guaranteed by third parties, then neither this Sublease, nor the Master Lessor s consent, shall be effective
unless, within 10 days of the date hereof, said guarantors sign this Sublease thereby giving their consent to this Sublease. 

8.3
 In the event that Master Lessor does give such consent
 then: 

(a)
Such consent shall not release Sublessor of its obligations or alter the primary liability of Sublessor to pay the Rent and perform and
comply with all of the obligations of Sublessor to be performed under the Master Lease. 

(b)
The acceptance of Rent by Master Lessor from Sublessee or any one else liable under the Master Lease shall not be deemed a waiver by
Master Lessor of any provisions of the Master Lease. 

(c)
The consent to this Sublease shall not constitute a consent to any subsequent subletting or assignment. 

(d)
In the event of any Default of Sublessor under the Master Lease, Master Lessor may proceed directly against Sublessor, any guarantors
or any one else liable under the Master Lease or this Sublease without first exhausting Master Lessor s remedies against any other
person or entity liable thereon to Master Lessor. 

(e)
Master Lessor may consent to subsequent sublettings and assignments of the Master Lease or this Sublease or any amendments or modifications
thereto without notifying Sublessor or any one else liable under the Master Lease and without obtaining their consent and such action
shall not relieve such persons from liability. 

(f)
In the event that Sublessor shall Default in its obligations under the Master Lease, then Master Lessor, at its option and without being
obligated to do so, may require Sublessee to attorn to Master Lessor in which event Master Lessor shall undertake the obligations of
Sublessor under this Sublease from the time of the exercise of said option to termination of this Sublease but Master Lessor shall not
be liable for any prepaid Rent nor any Security Deposit paid by Sublessee, nor shall Master Lessor be liable for any other Defaults of
the Sublessor under the Sublease. 

8.4
 The signatures of the Master Lessor and any Guarantors
of Sublessor at the end of this document shall constitute their consent to the terms of this Sublease. 

8.5
 Master Lessor acknowledges that, to the best of Master
Lessor s knowledge, no Default presently exists under the Master Lease of obligations
to be performed by Sublessor and that the Master Lease is in full force and effect. 

8.6
 In the event that Sublessor Defaults under its obligations
to be performed under the Master Lease by Sublessor, Master Lessor agrees to deliver to Sublessee a copy of any such notice of default.
Sublessee shall have the right to cure any Default of Sublessor described in any notice of default if Sublessee does so within the same
number of days set forth in the notice of default given to Sublessor. If such Default is cured by Sublessee then Sublessee shall have
the right of reimbursement and offset from and against Sublessor. 

9.
 Additional Brokers Commissions. 

9.1
 Sublessor agrees that if Sublessee exercises any option
or right of first refusal as granted by Sublessor herein, or any option or right substantially similar thereto, either to extend the
term of this Sublease, to renew this Sublease, to purchase the Premises, or to lease or purchase adjacent property which Sublessor may
own or in which Sublessor has an interest, then Sublessor shall pay to Broker a fee in accordance with the schedule of Broker in effect
at the time of the execution of this Sublease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sublessor s obligation under this Paragraph is limited
to a transaction in which Sublessor is acting as a Sublessor, lessor or seller. 

9.2
 If a separate brokerage fee agreement is attached then
Master Lessor agrees that if Sublessee shall exercise any option or right of first refusal granted to Sublessee by Master Lessor in connection
with this Sublease, or any option or right substantially similar thereto, either to extend or renew the Master Lease, to purchase the
Premises or any part thereof, or to lease or purchase adjacent property which Master Lessor may own or in which Master Lessor has an
interest, or if Broker is the procuring cause of any other lease or sale entered into between Sublessee and Master Lessor pertaining
to the Premises, any part thereof, or any adjacent property which Master Lessor owns or in which it has an interest, then as to any of
said transactions, Master Lessor shall pay to Broker a fee, in cash, in accordance with the schedule attached to such brokerage fee agreement. 

9.3
 Any fee due from Sublessor or Master Lessor hereunder
shall be due and payable upon the exercise of any option to extend or renew, upon the execution of any new lease, or, in the event of
a purchase, at the close of escrow. 

9.4
 Any transferee of Sublessor s interest in this
Sublease, or of Master Lessor s interest in the Master Lease, by accepting an assignment thereof,
shall be deemed to have assumed the respective obligations of Sublessor or Master Lessor under this Paragraph 9. Broker shall be deemed
to be a third-party beneficiary of this paragraph 9. 

10.
Representations and Indemnities of Broker Relationships. The Parties each represent and warrant to the other that it has had no dealings
with any person, firm, broker, agent or finder (other than the Brokers and Agents, if any) in connection with this Sublease, and that
no one other than said named Brokers and Agents is entitled to any commission or finder s fee in connection herewith. Sublessee
and Sublessor do each hereby agree to indemnify, protect, defend and hold the other harmless from and against liability for compensation
or charges which may be claimed by any such unnamed broker, finder or other similar party by reason of any dealings or actions of the
indemnifying Party, including any costs, expenses, attorneys fees reasonably incurred with respect thereto. 

11.
Attorney s fees. If any Party or Broker brings an action or proceeding involving the Premises whether founded in tort, contract
or equity, or to declare rights hereunder, the Prevailing Party (as hereafter defined) in any such proceeding, action, or appeal thereon,
shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees. Such fees may be awarded in the same suit or recovered in a separate suit, whether
or not such action or proceeding is pursued to decision or judgment. The term, Prevailing Party shall include, without
limitation, a Party or Broker who substantially obtains or defeats the relief sought, as the case may be, whether by compromise, settlement,
judgment, or the abandonment by the other Party or Broker of its claim or defense. The attorneys fees award shall not be computed
in accordance with any court fee schedule, but shall be such as to fully reimburse all attorneys fees reasonably incurred. In
addition, Sublessor shall be entitled to attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred in the preparation and service of notices
of Default and consultations in connection therewith, whether or not a legal action is subsequently commenced in connection with such
Default or resulting Breach 200 is a reasonable minimum per occurrence for such services and consultation). 

12.
No Prior or Other Agreements; Broker Disclaimer. This Sublease contains all agreements between the Parties with respect to any matter
mentioned herein, and no other prior or contemporaneous agreement or understanding shall be effective. Sublessor and Sublessee each
represents and warrants to the Brokers that it has made, and is relying solely upon, its own investigation as to the nature, quality,
character and financial responsibility of the other Party to this Sublease and as to the use, nature, quality and character of the Premises.
Brokers have no responsibility with respect thereto or with respect to any default or breach hereof by either Party. The liability (including
court costs and attorneys fees), of any Broker with respect to negotiation, execution, delivery or performance by either Sublessor
or Sublessee under this Sublease or any amendment or modification hereto shall be limited to an amount up to the fee received by such
Broker pursuant to this Sublease; provided, however, that the foregoing limitation on each Broker s liability shall not be applicable
to any gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Broker. Signatures to this Sublease accomplished by means of electronic signature
or similar technology shall be legal and binding. 

13.
Accessibility; Americans with Disabilities Act. 

(a)
 The Premises: 

have
not undergone an inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp). Note: A Certified Access Specialist (CASp) can inspect the subject
premises and determine whether the subject premises comply with all of the applicable construction-related accessibility standards under
state law. Although state law does not require a CASp inspection of the subject premises, the commercial property owner or lessor may
not prohibit the lessee or tenant from obtaining a CASp inspection of the subject premises for the occupancy or potential occupancy of
the lessee or tenant, if requested by the lessee or tenant. The parties shall mutually agree on the arrangements for the time and manner
of the CASp inspection, the payment of the fee for the CASp inspection, and the cost of making any repairs necessary to correct violations
of construction-related accessibility standards within the premises. 

have
undergone an inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp) and it was determined that the Premises met all applicable construction-related
accessibility standards pursuant to California Civil Code 55.51 et seq. Lessee acknowledges that it received a copy of the inspection
report at least 48 hours prior to executing this Lease and agrees to keep such report confidential. 

have
undergone an inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp) and it was determined that the Premises did not meet all applicable construction-related
accessibility standards pursuant to California Civil Code 55.51 et seq. Lessee acknowledges that it received a copy of the inspection
report at least 48 hours prior to executing this Lease and agrees to keep such report confidential except as necessary to complete repairs
and corrections of violations of construction related accessibility standards. 

In
the event that the Premises have been issued an inspection report by a CASp the Lessor shall provide a copy of the disability access
inspection certificate to Lessee within 7 days of the execution of this Lease. 

(b)
 Since compliance with the Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) or other state and local accessibility statutes are dependent upon Lessee s specific use of the Premises, Lessor makes
no warranty or representation as to whether or not the Premises comply with ADA or any similar legislation. In the event that Lessee s
use of the Premises requires modifications or additions to the Premises in order to be in compliance with ADA or other accessibility
statutes, Lessee agrees to make any such necessary modifications and/or additions at Lessee s expense. 

ATTENTION :
NO REPRESENTATION OR RECOMMENDATION IS MADE BY AIR CRE OR BY ANY REAL ESTATE BROKER AS TO THE LEGAL SUFFICIENCY, LEGAL EFFECT, OR TAX
CONSEQUENCES OF THIS SUBLEASE OR THE TRANSACTION TO WHICH IT RELATES. THE PARTIES ARE URGED TO: 

1.
SEEK ADVICE OF COUNSEL AS TO THE LEGAL AND TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS SUBLEASE. 

2.
RETAIN APPROPRIATE CONSULTANTS TO REVIEW AND INVESTIGATE THE CONDITION OF THE PREMISES. SAID INVESTIGATION SHOULD INCLUDE BUT NOT BE
LIMITED TO: THE POSSIBLE PRESENCE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES, THE ZONING OF THE PROPERTY, THE STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY, THE CONDITION OF THE
ROOF AND OPERATING SYSTEMS, AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE PREMISES FOR SUBLESSEE S INTENDED USE. 

WARNING :
IF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED IN A STATE OTHER THAN CALIFORNIA, CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE SUBLEASE MAY NEED TO BE REVISED TO COMPLY
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE PROPERTY IS LOCATED. 

Executed
 At: 

Executed
 At: 

On: 

On: 

By
 Sublessor: 

By
 Sublessee: 

Submersible
 Systems, Inc.,a Florida corporation 
 
 CamburgEngineering,Inc. 

By: 

By: 

Name
 Printed: 

Name
 Printed: 

Title: 

Title: 

Phone: 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Fax: 

Email: 

Email: 

By: 

By: 

Name
 Printed: 

Name
 Printed: 

Title: 

Title: 

Phone: 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Fax: 

Email: 

Email: 

Address 

Address 

Federal
 ID No.: 

Federal
 ID No.: 

BROKER 

BROKER 

Attn: 

Attn: 

Title: 

Title: 

Address 

Address 

Phone: 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Fax: 

Email: 

Email: 

Federal
 ID No.: 

Federal
 ID No.: 

Broker
 DRE License #: 

Broker
 DRE License #: 

Agent
 DRE License #: 

Agent
 DRE License #: 

Consent
to the above Sublease is hereby given. 

Executed
 At: 

Executed
 At: 

Executed
 On: 

Executed
 On: 

By Master Lessor: 

By Guarantor: 

Slater
 Palms LLC 

By: 

By: 

Name
 Printed: 
 Stephen
 J. Rimel 
 
 Name
 Printed: 

Title: 
 Managing
 Member 
 
 Title: 

Phone: 

Address 

Fax: 

Email: 

By: 

By: 

Name
 Printed: 

Name
 Printed: 

Title: 

Title: 

Address 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Email: 

Address 

Federal
 ID No.: 

AIR
CRE https://www.aircre.com 2136878777 contracts@aircre.com 

 NOTICE:
No part of these works may be reproduced in any form without permission in writing. 

 Schneider/Camburg
Engineering-7413 Slater Ave-Sublease 

ADDENDUM
TO SUBLEASE 

Date: 
 September
 20, 2022 

By
 and Between 

Sublessor: 
 Submersible
 Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation 

Sublessee: 
 Camburg
 Engineering, Inc. 

Property
 Address: 
 7413
Slater Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647 

(street
 address, city, state, zip) 

Paragraph:
 14-15 

In
the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Addendum and the printed provisions of the Sublease, this Addendum shall control. 

14.
Rent Schedule: 

October
 1, 2022 - September 30, 2023 
 2,314.00/month 
 
 October
 1, 2023 - September 30, 2024 
 2,384.00/month 
 
 October
 1, 2024 - September 30, 2025 
 2,455.00/month 
 
 October
 1, 2025 - September 30, 2026 
 2,529.00/month 
 
 October
 1, 2026 - September 30, 2027 
 2,455.00/month 
 
 October
 1, 2027 - January 31, 2028 
 2,605.00/month 

15.
Common Area Maintenance (CAM) Fee: 

Sublessee
shall pay to Sublessor a monthly CAM fee in the amount of 0.05/SF. 

AIR
CRE https://www.aircre.com 213-687-8777 contracts@aircre.com 

 NOTICE:
No part of these works may be reproduced in any form without permission in writing. 

 Schneider/Camburg
Engineering-7413 Slater Ave-Sublease 

STANDARD
INDUSTRIAL/COMMERCIAL MULTI-TENANT LEASE - GROSS 

1. 
 Basic
 Provisions Basic Provisions ). 

1.1
 Parties. This Lease Lease ), dated for reference purposes only September
14, 2022 
 , is made by and between Slater Palms LLC Lessor and Submersible Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation 
 Lessee ), (collectively the Parties , or individually a Party ). 

1.2(a)
 Premises: That certain real property, including all improvements therein or to be provided by Lessor under the terms of this Lease,
commonly known as (street address, unit/suite, city, state, zip): 

7413
Slater Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA
92647 Premises ). The
Premises are located in the County of Orange , and are generally described as
(describe briefly the nature of the Premises and the Project ): a freestanding industrial building of
approximately 13,000 square feet which is part of a larger multi-tenant business
park 
.. In addition to Lessee s rights to use and occupy the Premises as hereinafter specified, Lessee shall have non-exclusive
rights to any utility raceways of the building containing the Premises Building and to the Common Areas (as
defined in Paragraph 2.7 below), but shall not have any rights to the roof, or exterior walls of the Building or to any other
buildings in the Project. The Premises, the Building, the Common Areas, the land upon which they are located, along with all other
buildings and improvements thereon, are herein collectively referred to as the Project . (See also Paragraph
2) 

1.2(b)
 Parking: Twenty-six (26) unreserved vehicle parking spaces. (See also Paragraph
2.6) 

1.3
 Term: Five (5) years and zero (0) 
months Original Term commencing February 1, 2023 Commencement
Date and ending January 31, 2028 Expiration Date ).
(See also Paragraph 3) 

1.4
 Early Possession: If the Premises are available Lessee may have non-exclusive possession of the Premises commencing N/A 
 Early Possession Date ). (See also Paragraphs 3.2 and 3.3) 

1.5
 Base Rent: 17,550.00 per month Base Rent ), payable on
the first (1st) day of each month commencing February
1, 2023 . (See also Paragraph 4) 

If
this box is checked, there are provisions in this Lease for the Base Rent to be adjusted. See Paragraph 50 
 . 

1.6 Lessee s
Share of Common Area Operating Expenses: --- percent ---------------- ( Lessee s Share ). In the event that the size of the Premises and/or the Project are modified during the
term of this Lease, Lessor shall recalculate Lessee s Share to reflect such modification. 

1.7
 Base Rent and Other Monies Paid Upon Execution: 

(a)
 Base Rent: --- for the period --- 
 . 

(b)
 Common Area Operating Expenses: The current estimate for the period --- 
 is --- . 

(c)
 Security Deposit: See Paragraph 53 Security Deposit ).
(See also Paragraph 5) 

(d)
 Other: --- for --- 
 . 

(e)
 Total Due Upon Execution of this Lease: 10,727.00 . 

1.8
 Agreed Use : General office, warehousing and manufacturing of underwater breathing systems .
(See also Paragraph 6) 

1.9
 Insuring Party. Lessor is the Insuring Party . (See also Paragraph 8) 

1.10
 Real Estate Brokers. (See also Paragraph 15 and 25) 

(a)
 Representation : Each Party acknowledges receiving a Disclosure Regarding Real Estate Agency Relationship, confirms and consents
to the following agency relationships in this Lease with the following real estate brokers Broker(s) and/or their
agents Agent(s) ): 

Lessor s
Brokerage Firm 

Lee
 Associates -Newport
Beach License No. 01197433 
is the broker of (check one): the Lessor; or both the Lessee and Lessor (dual
agent). 

Lessor s
Agent 

Brad
Schneider/Nick
Krakower License
No. 01887613/02100512 is
(check one): the Lessor s Agent (salesperson or broker associate); or both
the Lessee s Agent and the Lessor s Agent (dual agent). 

Lessee s
Brokerage Firm 

______________________________________
 License No. __________________________ Is the broker of (check
one): the Lessee; or both the Lessee and Lessor (dual agent). 

Lessee s
Agent 

 ______________________________________ License
No. ________________________ is (check one): the Lessee s Agent (salesperson or broker associate); or
 both the Lessee s Agent and the Lessor s Agent (dual agent). 

(b)
 Payment to Brokers. Upon execution and delivery of this Lease by both Parties, Lessor shall pay to the Brokers the brokerage fee
agreed to in a separate written agreement (or if there is no such agreement, the sum of ________ or ________ of the total Base Rent)
for the brokerage services rendered by the Brokers. 

1.11
 Guarantor. The obligations of the Lessee under this Lease are to be guaranteed by _____________________ Guarantor ).
(See also Paragraph 37) 

1.12
 Attachments. Attached hereto are the following, all of which constitute a part of this Lease: 

an
Addendum consisting of Paragraphs 50 through 53 
 ; 

a
site plan depicting the Premises; a site plan depicting the Project; 

a
current set of the Rules and Regulations for the Project; 

a
current set of the Rules and Regulations adopted by the owners association; a Work Letter; 

other
 (specify): Arbitration Agreement (54) and Guaranty of Lease . 

2. 
 Premises. 

2.1
 Letting . Lessor hereby leases to Lessee, and Lessee hereby leases from Lessor, the Premises, for the term, at the rental, and
upon all of the terms, covenants and conditions set forth in this Lease. While the approximate square footage of the Premises may have
been used in the marketing of the Premises for purposes of comparison, the Base Rent stated herein is NOT tied to square footage and
is not subject to adjustment should the actual size be determined to be different. NOTE: Lessee is advised to verify the actual size
prior to executing this Lease. 

2.2
 Condition . Lessor shall deliver that portion of the Premises contained within the Building Unit to Lessee
broom clean and free of debris on the Commencement Date or the Early Possession Date, whichever first occurs Start Date ),
and, so long as the required service contracts described in Paragraph 7.1(b) below are obtained by Lessee and in effect within thirty
days following the Start Date, warrants that the existing electrical, plumbing, fire sprinkler, lighting, heating, ventilating and air
conditioning systems HVAC ), loading doors, sump pumps, if any, and all other such elements in the Unit, other than
those constructed by Lessee, shall be in good operating condition on said date, that the structural elements of the roof, bearing walls
and foundation of the Unit shall be free of material defects, and that the Unit does not contain hazardous levels of any mold or fungi
defined as toxic under applicable state or federal law. If a non-compliance with such warranty exists as of the Start Date, or if one
of such systems or elements should malfunction or fail within the appropriate warranty period, Lessor shall, as Lessor s sole obligation
with respect to such matter, except as otherwise provided in this Lease, promptly after receipt of written notice from Lessee setting
forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance, malfunction or failure, rectify same at Lessor s expense.
The warranty periods shall be as follows: (i) 6 months as to the HVAC systems, and (ii) 30 days as to the remaining systems and other
elements of the Unit. If Lessee does not give Lessor the required notice within the appropriate warranty period, correction of any such
non-compliance, malfunction or failure shall be the obligation of Lessee at Lessee s sole cost and expense (except for the repairs
to the fire sprinkler systems, roof, foundations, and/or bearing walls - see Paragraph 7). Lessor also warrants, that unless otherwise
specified in writing, Lessor is unaware of (i) any recorded Notices of Default affecting the Premise; (ii) any delinquent amounts due
under any loan secured by the Premises; and (iii) any bankruptcy proceeding affecting the Premises. 

2.3
 Compliance . Lessor warrants that to the best of its knowledge the improvements on the Premises and the Common Areas comply with
the building codes, applicable laws, covenants or restrictions of record, regulations, and ordinances Applicable Requirements that were in effect at the time that each improvement, or portion thereof, was constructed. Said warranty does not apply to the use to
which Lessee will put the Premises, modifications which may be required by the Americans with Disabilities Act or any similar laws as
a result of Lessee s use (see Paragraph 49), or to any Alterations or Utility Installations (as defined in Paragraph 7.3(a)) made
or to be made by Lessee. NOTE: Lessee is responsible for determining whether or not the Applicable Requirements, and especially the
zoning are appropriate for Lessee s intended use, and acknowledges that past uses of the Premises may no longer be allowed. If
the Premises do not comply with said warranty, Lessor shall, except as otherwise provided, promptly after receipt of written notice from
Lessee setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance, rectify the same at Lessor s expense. If Lessee
does not give Lessor written notice of a non-compliance with this warranty within 6 months following the Start Date, correction of that
non-compliance shall be the obligation of Lessee at Lessee s sole cost and expense. If the Applicable Requirements are hereafter
changed so as to require during the term of this Lease the construction of an addition to or an alteration of the Unit, Premises and/or
Building, the remediation of any Hazardous Substance, or the reinforcement or other physical modification of the Unit, Premises and/or
Building Capital Expenditure ), Lessor and Lessee shall allocate the cost of such work as follows: 

(a)
Subject to Paragraph 2.3(c) below, if such Capital Expenditures are required as a result of the specific and unique use of the Premises
by Lessee as compared with uses by tenants in general, Lessee shall be fully responsible for the cost thereof, provided, however, that
if such Capital Expenditure is required during the last 2 years of this Lease and the cost thereof exceeds 6 months Base Rent,
Lessee may instead terminate this Lease unless Lessor notifies Lessee, in writing, within 10 days after receipt of Lessee s termination
notice that Lessor has elected to pay the difference between the actual cost thereof and the amount equal to 6 months Base Rent.
If Lessee elects termination, Lessee shall immediately cease the use of the Premises which requires such Capital Expenditure and deliver
to Lessor written notice specifying a termination date at least 90 days thereafter. Such termination date shall, however, in no event
be earlier than the last day that Lessee could legally utilize the Premises without commencing such Capital Expenditure. 

(b)
If such Capital Expenditure is not the result of the specific and unique use of the Premises by Lessee (such as, governmentally mandated
seismic modifications), then Lessor shall pay for such Capital Expenditure and Lessee shall only be obligated to pay, each month during
the remainder of the term of this Lease or any extension thereof, on the date that on which the Base Rent is due, an amount equal to
1/144th of the portion of such costs reasonably attributable to the Premises. Lessee shall pay Interest on the balance but may prepay
its obligation at any time. If, however, such Capital Expenditure is required during the last 2 years of this Lease or if Lessor reasonably
determines that it is not economically feasible to pay its share thereof, Lessor shall have the option to terminate this Lease upon 90
days prior written notice to Lessee unless Lessee notifies Lessor, in writing, within 10 days after receipt of Lessor s termination
notice that Lessee will pay for such Capital Expenditure. If Lessor does not elect to terminate, and fails to tender its share of any
such Capital Expenditure, Lessee may advance such funds and deduct same, with Interest, from Rent until Lessor s share of such
costs have been fully paid. If Lessee is unable to finance Lessor s share, or if the balance of the Rent due and payable for the
remainder of this Lease is not sufficient to fully reimburse Lessee on an offset basis, Lessee shall have the right to terminate this
Lease upon 30 days written notice to Lessor. 

(c)
Notwithstanding the above, the provisions concerning Capital Expenditures are intended to apply only to non-voluntary, unexpected, and
new Applicable Requirements. If the Capital Expenditures are instead triggered by Lessee as a result of an actual or proposed change
in use, change in intensity of use, or modification to the Premises then, and in that event, Lessee shall either: (i) immediately cease
such changed use or intensity of use and/or take such other steps as may be necessary to eliminate the requirement for such Capital Expenditure,
or (ii) complete such Capital Expenditure at its own expense. Lessee shall not have any right to terminate this Lease. 

2.4
 Acknowledgements . Lessee acknowledges that: (a) it has been given an opportunity to inspect and measure the Premises; (b) it has
been advised by Lessor and/or Brokers to satisfy itself with respect to the size and condition of the Premises (including but not limited
to the electrical, HVAC and fire sprinkler systems, security, environmental aspects, and compliance with Applicable Requirements and
the Americans with Disabilities Act), and their suitability for Lessee s intended use; (c) Lessee has made such investigation as
it deems necessary with reference to such matters and assumes all responsibility therefor as the same relate to its occupancy of the
Premises; (d) it is not relying on any representation as to the size of the Premises made by Brokers or Lessor; (e) the square footage
of the Premises was not material to Lessee s decision to lease the Premises and pay the Rent stated herein; and (f) neither Lessor,
Lessor s agents, nor Brokers have made any oral or written representations or warranties with respect to said matters other than
as set forth in this Lease. In addition, Lessor acknowledges that: (i) Brokers have made no representations, promises or warranties concerning
Lessee s ability to honor the Lease or suitability to occupy the Premises, and (ii) it is Lessor s sole responsibility to
investigate the financial capability and/or suitability of all proposed tenants. 

2.5
 Lessee as Prior Owner/Occupant . The warranties made by Lessor in Paragraph 2 shall be of no force or effect if immediately prior
to the Start Date Lessee was the owner or occupant of the Premises. In such event, Lessee shall be responsible for any necessary corrective
work. 

2.6
 Vehicle Parking . Lessee shall be entitled to use the number of Parking Spaces specified in Paragraph 1.2(b) on those portions
of the Common Areas designated from time to time by Lessor for parking. Lessee shall not use more parking spaces than said number. Said
parking spaces shall be used for parking by vehicles no larger than full-size passenger automobiles or pick-up trucks, herein called
 Permitted Size Vehicles . Lessor may regulate the loading and unloading of vehicles by adopting Rules and Regulations
as provided in Paragraph 2.9. No vehicles other than Permitted Size Vehicles may be parked in the Common Area without the prior written
permission of Lessor. In addition: 

(a)
Lessee shall not permit or allow any vehicles that belong to or are controlled by Lessee or Lessee s employees, suppliers, shippers,
customers, contractors or invitees to be loaded, unloaded, or parked in areas other than those designated by Lessor for such activities. 

(b)
Lessee shall not service or store any vehicles in the Common Areas. 

(c)
If Lessee permits or allows any of the prohibited activities described in this Paragraph 2.6, then Lessor shall have the right, without
notice, in addition to such other rights and remedies that it may have, to remove or tow away the vehicle involved and charge the cost
to Lessee, which cost shall be immediately payable upon demand by Lessor. 

2.7
 Common Areas - Definition . The term Common Areas is defined as all areas and facilities outside the Premises
and within the exterior boundary line of the Project and interior utility raceways and installations within the Unit that are provided
and designated by the Lessor from time to time for the general non-exclusive use of Lessor, Lessee and other tenants of the Project and
their respective employees, suppliers, shippers, customers, contractors and invitees, including parking areas, loading and unloading
areas, trash areas, roofs, roadways, walkways, driveways and landscaped areas. 

2.8 Common
Areas Lessee s Rights . Lessor grants to Lessee, for the benefit of Lessee and its employees, suppliers, shippers,
contractors, customers and invitees, during the term of this Lease, the non exclusive right to use, in common with others entitled
to such use, the Common Areas as they exist from time to time, subject to any rights, powers, and privileges reserved by Lessor
under the terms hereof or under the terms of any rules and regulations or restrictions governing the use of the Project. Under no
circumstances shall the right herein granted to use the Common Areas be deemed to include the right to store any property,
temporarily or permanently, in the Common Areas. Any such storage shall be permitted only by the prior written consent of Lessor or
Lessor s designated agent, which consent may be revoked at any time. In the event that any unauthorized storage shall occur,
then Lessor shall have the right, without notice, in addition to such other rights and remedies that it may have, to remove the
property and charge the cost to Lessee, which cost shall be immediately payable upon demand by Lessor. 

2.9
 Common Areas Rules and Regulations . Lessor or such other person(s) as Lessor may appoint shall have the exclusive control and
management of the Common Areas and shall have the right, from time to time, to establish, modify, amend and enforce reasonable rules
and regulations Rules and Regulations for the management, safety, care, and cleanliness of the grounds, the parking
and unloading of vehicles and the preservation of good order, as well as for the convenience of other occupants or tenants of the Building
and the Project and their invitees. Lessee agrees to abide by and conform to all such Rules and Regulations, and shall use its best efforts
to cause its employees, suppliers, shippers, customers, contractors and invitees to so abide and conform. Lessor shall not be responsible
to Lessee for the non compliance with said Rules and Regulations by other tenants of the Project. 

2.10
 Common Areas Changes . Lessor shall have the right, in Lessor s sole discretion, from time to time: 

(a)
To make changes to the Common Areas, including, without limitation, changes in the location, size, shape and number of driveways, entrances,
parking spaces, parking areas, loading and unloading areas, ingress, egress, direction of traffic, landscaped areas, walkways and
utility raceways; 

(b)
To close temporarily any of the Common Areas for maintenance purposes so long as reasonable access to the Premises remains available; 

(c)
To designate other land outside the boundaries of the Project to be a part of the Common Areas; 

(d)
To add additional buildings and improvements to the Common Areas; 

(e)
To use the Common Areas while engaged in making additional improvements, repairs or alterations to the Project, or any portion thereof;
and 

(f)
To do and perform such other acts and make such other changes in, to or with respect to the Common Areas and Project as Lessor may, in
the exercise of sound business judgment, deem to be appropriate. 

3.
Term. 

3.1
 Term . The Commencement Date, Expiration Date and Original Term of this Lease are as specified in Paragraph 1.3. 

3.2 Early
Possession . Any provision herein granting Lessee Early Possession of the Premises is subject to and conditioned upon the
Premises being available for such possession prior to the Commencement Date. Any grant of Early Possession only conveys a non
exclusive right to occupy the Premises. If Lessee totally or partially occupies the Premises prior to the Commencement Date, the
obligation to pay Base Rent shall be abated for the period of such Early Possession. All other terms of this Lease (including but
not limited to the obligations to pay Lessee s Share of Common Area Operating Expenses, Real Property Taxes and insurance
premiums and to maintain the Premises) shall be in effect during such period. Any such Early Possession shall not affect
the Expiration Date. 

3.3
 Delay In Possession . Lessor agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver exclusive possession of the Premises
to Lessee by the Commencement Date. If, despite said efforts, Lessor is unable to deliver possession by such date, Lessor shall
not be subject to any liability therefor, nor shall such failure affect the validity of this Lease or change the Expiration Date.
Lessee shall not, however, be obligated to pay Rent or perform its other obligations until Lessor delivers possession of the Premises
and any period of rent abatement that Lessee would otherwise have enjoyed shall run from the date of delivery of possession and continue
for a period equal to what Lessee would otherwise have enjoyed under the terms hereof, but minus any days of delay caused by the acts
or omissions of Lessee. If possession is not delivered within 60 days after the Commencement Date, as the same may be extended under
the terms of any Work Letter executed by Parties, Lessee may, at its option, by notice in writing within 10 days after the end of such
60 day period, cancel this Lease, in which event the Parties shall be discharged from all obligations hereunder. If such written notice
is not received by Lessor within said 10 day period, Lessee s right to cancel shall terminate. If possession of the Premises is
not delivered within 120 days after the Commencement Date, this Lease shall terminate unless other agreements are reached between Lessor
and Lessee, in writing. 

3.4
 Lessee Compliance . Lessor shall not be required to tender possession of the Premises to Lessee until Lessee complies with its
obligation to provide evidence of insurance (Paragraph 8.5). Pending delivery of such evidence, Lessee shall be required to perform all
of its obligations under this Lease from and after the Start Date, including the payment of Rent, notwithstanding Lessor s election
to withhold possession pending receipt of such evidence of insurance. Further, if Lessee is required to perform any other conditions
prior to or concurrent with the Start Date, the Start Date shall occur but Lessor may elect to withhold possession until such conditions
are satisfied. 

4.
Rent. 

4.1.
 Rent Defined . All monetary obligations of Lessee to Lessor under the terms of this Lease (except for the Security Deposit) are
deemed to be rent Rent ). 

4.2
 Common Area Operating Expenses . Lessee shall pay to Lessor during the term hereof, in addition to the Base Rent, Lessee s
Share (as specified in Paragraph 1.6) of all Common Area Operating Expenses, as hereinafter defined, during each calendar year of the
term of this Lease, in accordance with the following provisions: 

(a)
The following costs relating to the ownership and operation of the Project are defined as Common Area Operating Expenses : 

(i)
Costs relating to the operation, repair and maintenance, in neat, clean, good order and condition, but not the replacement (see subparagraph
(e)), of the following: 

(aa)
The Common Areas and Common Area improvements, including parking areas, loading and unloading areas, trash areas, roadways, parkways,
walkways, driveways, landscaped areas, bumpers, irrigation systems, Common Area lighting facilities, fences and gates, elevators, roofs,
exterior walls of the buildings, building systems and roof drainage systems. 

(bb)
Exterior signs and any tenant directories. 

(cc)
Any fire sprinkler systems. 

(dd)
All other areas and improvements that are within the exterior boundaries of the Project but outside of the Premises and/or any other
space occupied by a tenant. 

(ii)
The cost of water, gas, electricity and telephone to service the Common Areas and any utilities not separately metered. 

(iii)
The cost of trash disposal, pest control services, property management, security services, owners association dues and fees, the
cost to repaint the exterior of any structures and the cost of any environmental inspections. 

(iv)
Reserves set aside for maintenance and repair of Common Areas and Common Area equipment. 

(v)
Any increase above the Base Real Property Taxes (as defined in Paragraph 10). 

(vi)
Any Insurance Cost Increase (as defined in Paragraph 8). 

(vii)
Any deductible portion of an insured loss concerning the Building or the Common Areas. 

(viii)
Auditors , accountants and attorneys fees and costs related to the operation, maintenance, repair and replacement
of the Project. 

(ix)
The cost of any capital improvement to the Building or the Project not covered under the provisions of Paragraph 2.3 provided; however,
that Lessor shall allocate the cost of any such capital improvement over a 12 year period and Lessee shall not be required to pay more
than Lessee s Share of 1/144th of the cost of such capital improvement in any given month. Lessee shall pay Interest on the unamortized
balance but may prepay its obligation at any time. 

(x)
The cost of any other services to be provided by Lessor that are stated elsewhere in this Lease to be a Common Area Operating Expense. 

(b)
Any Common Area Operating Expenses and Real Property Taxes that are specifically attributable to the Unit, the Building or to any other
building in the Project or to the operation, repair and maintenance thereof, shall be allocated entirely to such Unit, Building, or other
building. However, any Common Area Operating Expenses and Real Property Taxes that are not specifically attributable to the Building
or to any other building or to the operation, repair and maintenance thereof, shall be equitably allocated by Lessor to all buildings
in the Project. 

(c)
The inclusion of the improvements, facilities and services set forth in Subparagraph 4.2(a) shall not be deemed to impose an obligation
upon Lessor to either have said improvements or facilities or to provide those services unless the Project already has the same, Lessor
already provides the services, or Lessor has agreed elsewhere in this Lease to provide the same or some of them. 

(d)
Lessee s Share of Common Area Operating Expenses is payable monthly on the same day as the Base Rent is due hereunder. The
amount of such payments shall be based on Lessor s estimate of the annual Common Area Operating Expenses. Within 60 days after
written request (but not more than once each year) Lessor shall deliver to Lessee a reasonably detailed statement showing
Lessee s Share of the actual Common Area Operating Expenses for the preceding year. If Lessee s payments during such
year exceed Lessee s Share, Lessor shall credit the amount of such over payment against Lessee s future payments. If
Lessee s payments during such year were less than Lessee s Share, Lessee shall pay to Lessor the amount of the
deficiency within 10 days after delivery by Lessor to Lessee of the statement. 

(e)
Common Area Operating Expenses shall not include the cost of replacing equipment or capital components such as the roof, foundations,
exterior walls or Common Area capital improvements, such as the parking lot paving, elevators, fences that have a useful life for accounting
purposes of 5 years or more. 

(f)
Common Area Operating Expenses shall not include any expenses paid by any tenant directly to third parties, or as to which Lessor is
otherwise reimbursed by any third party, other tenant, or insurance proceeds. 

4.3
 Payment . Lessee shall cause payment of Rent to be received by Lessor in lawful money of the United States, without offset
or deduction (except as specifically permitted in this Lease), on or before the day on which it is due. All monetary amounts shall be
rounded to the nearest whole dollar. In the event that any statement or invoice prepared by Lessor is inaccurate such inaccuracy shall
not constitute a waiver and Lessee shall be obligated to pay the amount set forth in this Lease. Rent for any period during the term
hereof which is for less than one full calendar month shall be prorated based upon the actual number of days of said month. Payment of
Rent shall be made to Lessor at its address stated herein or to such other persons or place as Lessor may from time to time designate
in writing. Acceptance of a payment which is less than the amount then due shall not be a waiver of Lessor s rights to the balance
of such Rent, regardless of Lessor s endorsement of any check so stating. In the event that any check, draft, or other instrument
of payment given by Lessee to Lessor is dishonored for any reason, Lessee agrees to pay to Lessor the sum of 25 in addition to any Late
Charge and Lessor, at its option, may require all future Rent be paid by cashier s check. Payments will be applied first to accrued
late charges and attorney s fees, second to accrued interest, then to Base Rent and Common Area Operating Expenses, and any remaining
amount to any other outstanding charges or costs. 

5.
Security Deposit. Lessee shall deposit with Lessor upon execution hereof the Security Deposit as security for Lessee s faithful
performance of its obligations under this Lease. If Lessee fails to pay Rent, or otherwise Defaults under this Lease, Lessor may use,
apply or retain all or any portion of said Security Deposit for the payment of any amount already due Lessor, for Rents which will be
due in the future, and/ or to reimburse or compensate Lessor for any liability, expense, loss or damage which Lessor may suffer
or incur by reason thereof. If Lessor uses or applies all or any portion of the Security Deposit, Lessee shall within 10 days after written
request therefor deposit monies with Lessor sufficient to restore said Security Deposit to the full amount required by this Lease.
If the Base Rent increases during the term of this Lease, Lessee shall, upon written request from Lessor, deposit additional monies with
Lessor so that the total amount of the Security Deposit shall at all times bear the same proportion to the increased Base Rent as the
initial Security Deposit bore to the initial Base Rent. Should the Agreed Use be amended to accommodate a material change in the business
of Lessee or to accommodate a sublessee or assignee, Lessor shall have the right to increase the Security Deposit to the extent necessary,
in Lessor s reasonable judgment, to account for any increased wear and tear that the Premises may suffer as a result thereof.
If a change in control of Lessee occurs during this Lease and following such change the financial condition of Lessee is, in Lessor s
reasonable judgment, significantly reduced, Lessee shall deposit such additional monies with Lessor as shall be sufficient to cause
the Security Deposit to be at a commercially reasonable level based on such change in financial condition. Lessor shall not be required
to keep the Security Deposit separate from its general accounts. Within 90 days after the expiration or termination of this Lease, Lessor
shall return that portion of the Security Deposit not used or applied by Lessor. Lessor shall upon written request provide Lessee with
an accounting showing how that portion of the Security Deposit that was not returned was applied. No part of the Security Deposit shall
be considered to be held in trust, to bear interest or to be prepayment for any monies to be paid by Lessee under this Lease. THE SECURITY
DEPOSIT SHALL NOT BE USED BY LESSEE IN LIEU OF PAYMENT OF THE LAST MONTH S RENT. 

6.
Use. 

6.1
 Use . Lessee shall use and occupy the Premises only for the Agreed Use, or any other legal use which is reasonably comparable thereto,
and for no other purpose. Lessee shall not use or permit the use of the Premises in a manner that is unlawful, creates damage, waste
or a nuisance, or that disturbs occupants of or causes damage to neighboring premises or properties. Other than guide, signal and seeing
eye dogs, Lessee shall not keep or allow in the Premises any pets, animals, birds, fish, or reptiles. Lessor shall not unreasonably withhold
or delay its consent to any written request for a modification of the Agreed Use, so long as the same will not impair the structural
integrity of the Building or the mechanical or electrical systems therein, and/or is not significantly more burdensome to the Project.
If Lessor elects to withhold consent, Lessor shall within 7 days after such request give written notification of same, which notice shall
include an explanation of Lessor s objections to the change in the Agreed Use. 

6.2
 Hazardous Substances. 

(a) Reportable
Uses Require Consent . The term Hazardous Substance as used in this Lease shall mean any product, substance,
or waste whose presence, use, manufacture, disposal, transportation, or release, either by itself or in combination with other
materials expected to be on the Premises, is either: (i) potentially injurious to the public health, safety or welfare, the
environment or the Premises; (ii) regulated or monitored by any governmental authority, or (iii) a basis for potential liability of
Lessor to any governmental agency or third party under any applicable statute or common law theory. Hazardous Substances shall
include, but not be limited to, hydrocarbons, petroleum, gasoline, and/or crude oil or any products, by products or fractions
thereof. Lessee shall not engage in any activity in or on the Premises which constitutes a Reportable Use of Hazardous Substances
without the express prior written consent of Lessor and timely compliance (at Lessee s expense) with all Applicable
Requirements. Reportable Use shall mean (i) the installation or use of any above or below ground storage tank;
(ii) the generation, possession, storage, use, transportation, or disposal of a Hazardous Substance that requires a permit from, or
with respect to which a report, notice, registration or business plan is required to be filed with, any governmental authority,
and/or (iii) the presence at the Premises of a Hazardous Substance with respect to which any Applicable Requirements requires that a
notice be given to persons entering or occupying the Premises or neighboring properties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lessee may
use any ordinary and customary materials reasonably required to be used in the normal course of the Agreed Use, ordinary office
supplies (copier toner, liquid paper, glue, etc.) and common household cleaning materials, so long as such use is in compliance with
all Applicable Requirements, is not a Reportable Use, and does not expose the Premises or neighboring property to any meaningful
risk of contamination or damage or expose Lessor to any liability therefor. In addition, Lessor may condition its consent to any
Reportable Use upon receiving such additional assurances as Lessor reasonably deems necessary to protect itself, the public, the
Premises and/or the environment against damage, contamination, injury and/or liability, including, but not limited to, the
installation (and removal on or before Lease expiration or termination) of protective modifications (such as concrete encasements)
and/or increasing the Security Deposit. 

(b)
 Duty to Inform Lessor . If Lessee knows, or has reasonable cause to believe, that a Hazardous Substance has come to be located
in, on, under or about the Premises, other than as previously consented to by Lessor, Lessee shall immediately give written notice of
such fact to Lessor, and provide Lessor with a copy of any report, notice, claim or other documentation which it has concerning the presence
of such Hazardous Substance. 

(c)
 Lessee Remediation . Lessee shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Substance to be spilled or released in, on, under, or about
the Premises (including through the plumbing or sanitary sewer system) and shall promptly, at Lessee s expense, comply with all
Applicable Requirements and take all investigatory and/or remedial action reasonably recommended, whether or not formally ordered or
required, for the cleanup of any contamination of, and for the maintenance, security and/or monitoring of the Premises or neighboring
properties, that was caused or materially contributed to by Lessee, or pertaining to or involving any Hazardous Substance brought onto
the Premises during the term of this Lease, by or for Lessee, or any third party. 

(d)
 Lessee Indemnification . Lessee shall indemnify, defend and hold Lessor, its agents, employees, lenders and ground lessor, if any,
harmless from and against any and all loss of rents and/or damages, liabilities, judgments, claims, expenses, penalties, and attorneys 
and consultants fees arising out of or involving any Hazardous Substance brought onto the Premises by or for Lessee, or any third
party (provided, however, that Lessee shall have no liability under this Lease with respect to underground migration of any Hazardous
Substance under the Premises from areas outside of the Project not caused or contributed to by Lessee). Lessee s obligations shall
include, but not be limited to, the effects of any contamination or injury to person, property or the environment created or suffered
by Lessee, and the cost of investigation, removal, remediation, restoration and/or abatement, and shall survive the expiration or termination
of this Lease. No termination, cancellation or release agreement entered into by Lessor and Lessee shall release Lessee from its obligations
under this Lease with respect to Hazardous Substances, unless specifically so agreed by Lessor in writing at the time of such agreement. 

(e)
 Lessor Indemnification . Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 8.7, Lessor and its successors and assigns shall indemnify,
defend, reimburse and hold Lessee, its employees and lenders, harmless from and against any and all environmental damages, including
the cost of remediation, which are suffered as a direct result of Hazardous Substances on the Premises prior to Lessee taking possession
or which are caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Lessor, its agents or employees. Lessor s obligations, as
and when required by the Applicable Requirements, shall include, but not be limited to, the cost of investigation, removal, remediation,
restoration and/or abatement, and shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease. 

(f)
 Investigations and Remediations . Lessor shall retain the responsibility and pay for any investigations or remediation measures
required by governmental entities having jurisdiction with respect to the existence of Hazardous Substances on the Premises prior to
the Lessee taking possession, unless such remediation measure is required as a result of Lessee s use (including Alterations ,
as defined in paragraph 7.3(a) below) of the Premises, in which event Lessee shall be responsible for such payment. Lessee shall cooperate
fully in any such activities at the request of Lessor, including allowing Lessor and Lessor s agents to have reasonable access
to the Premises at reasonable times in order to carry out Lessor s investigative and remedial responsibilities. 

(g)
 Lessor Termination Option . If a Hazardous Substance Condition (see Paragraph 9.1(e)) occurs during the term of this Lease, unless
Lessee is legally responsible therefor (in which case Lessee shall make the investigation and remediation thereof required by the Applicable
Requirements and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, but subject to Lessor s rights under Paragraph 6.2(d)
and Paragraph 13), Lessor may, at Lessor s option, either (i) investigate and remediate such Hazardous Substance Condition, if
required, as soon as reasonably possible at Lessor s expense, in which event this Lease shall continue in full force and effect,
or (ii) if the estimated cost to remediate such condition exceeds 12 times the then monthly Base Rent or 100,000, whichever is greater,
give written notice to Lessee, within 30 days after receipt by Lessor of knowledge of the occurrence of such Hazardous Substance Condition,
of Lessor s desire to terminate this Lease as of the date 60 days following the date of such notice. In the event Lessor elects
to give a termination notice, Lessee may, within 10 days thereafter, give written notice to Lessor of Lessee s commitment to pay
the amount by which the cost of the remediation of such Hazardous Substance Condition exceeds an amount equal to 12 times the then monthly
Base Rent or 100,000, whichever is greater. Lessee shall provide Lessor with said funds or satisfactory assurance thereof within 30
days following such commitment. In such event, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, and Lessor shall proceed to make
such remediation as soon as reasonably possible after the required funds are available. If Lessee does not give such notice and provide
the required funds or assurance thereof within the time provided, this Lease shall terminate as of the date specified in Lessor s
notice of termination. 

6.3
 Lessee s Compliance with Applicable Requirements . Except as otherwise provided in this Lease, Lessee shall, at Lessee s
sole expense, fully, diligently and in a timely manner, materially comply with all Applicable Requirements, the requirements of any applicable
fire insurance underwriter or rating bureau, and the recommendations of Lessor s engineers and/or consultants which relate in any
manner to the Premises, without regard to whether said Applicable Requirements are now in effect or become effective after
the Start Date. Lessee shall, within 10 days after receipt of Lessor s written request, provide Lessor with copies of all permits
and other documents, and other information evidencing Lessee s compliance with any Applicable Requirements specified by Lessor,
and shall immediately upon receipt, notify Lessor in writing (with copies of any documents involved) of any threatened or actual claim,
notice, citation, warning, complaint or report pertaining to or involving the failure of Lessee or the Premises to comply with any Applicable
Requirements. Likewise, Lessee shall immediately give written notice to Lessor of: (i) any water damage to the Premises and any suspected
seepage, pooling, dampness or other condition conducive to the production of mold; or (ii) any mustiness or other odors that might indicate
the presence of mold in the Premises. 

6.4
 Inspection; Compliance . Lessor and Lessor s Lender (as defined in Paragraph 30) and consultants authorized
by Lessor shall have the right to enter into Premises at any time in the case of an emergency, and otherwise at reasonable times after
reasonable notice, for the purpose of inspecting and/or testing the condition of the Premises and/or for verifying compliance by Lessee
with this Lease. The cost of any such inspections shall be paid by Lessor, unless a violation of Applicable Requirements, or a Hazardous
Substance Condition (see Paragraph 9.1(e)) is found to exist or be imminent, or the inspection is requested or ordered by a governmental
authority. In such case, Lessee shall upon request reimburse Lessor for the cost of such inspection, so long as such inspection is reasonably
related to the violation or contamination. In addition, Lessee shall provide copies of all relevant material safety data sheets MSDS to Lessor within 10 days of the receipt of written request therefor. Lessee acknowledges that any failure on its part to allow such inspections
or testing will expose Lessor to risks and potentially cause Lessor to incur costs not contemplated by this Lease, the extent of which
will be extremely difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, should the Lessee fail to allow such inspections and/or testing in a timely
fashion the Base Rent shall be automatically increased, without any requirement for notice to Lessee, by an amount equal to 10 of the
then existing Base Rent or 100, whichever is greater for the remainder to the Lease. The Parties agree that such increase in Base Rent
represents fair and reasonable compensation for the additional risk/costs that Lessor will incur by reason of Lessee s failure
to allow such inspection and/or testing. Such increase in Base Rent shall in no event constitute a waiver of Lessee s Default or
Breach with respect to such failure nor prevent the exercise of any of the other rights and remedies granted hereunder. 

7.
Maintenance; Repairs; Utility Installations; Trade Fixtures and Alterations. 

7.1
 Lessee s Obligations . 

(a)
 In General . Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 2.2 (Condition), 2.3 (Compliance), 6.3 (Lessee s Compliance with Applicable
Requirements), 7.2 (Lessor s Obligations), 9 (Damage or Destruction), and 14 (Condemnation), Lessee shall, at Lessee s sole
expense, keep the Premises, Utility Installations (intended for Lessee s exclusive use, no matter where located), and Alterations
in good order, condition and repair (whether or not the portion of the Premises requiring repairs, or the means of repairing the same,
are reasonably or readily accessible to Lessee, and whether or not the need for such repairs occurs as a result of Lessee s use,
any prior use, the elements or the age of such portion of the Premises), including, but not limited to, all equipment or facilities,
such as plumbing, HVAC equipment, electrical, lighting facilities, boilers, pressure vessels, fixtures, interior walls, interior surfaces
of exterior walls, ceilings, floors, windows, doors, plate glass, and skylights but excluding any items which are the responsibility
of Lessor pursuant to Paragraph 7.2. Lessee, in keeping the Premises in good order, condition and repair, shall exercise and perform
good maintenance practices, specifically including the procurement and maintenance of the service contracts required by Paragraph 7.1(b)
below. Lessee s obligations shall include restorations, replacements or renewals when necessary to keep the Premises and all improvements
thereon or a part thereof in good order, condition and state of repair. 

(b)
 Service Contracts . Lessee shall, at Lessee s sole expense, procure and maintain contracts, with copies to Lessor, in customary
form and substance for, and with contractors specializing and experienced in the maintenance of the following equipment and improvements,
if any, if and when installed on the Premises: (i) HVAC equipment, (ii) boiler and pressure vessels, and (iii) clarifiers. However, Lessor
reserves the right, upon notice to Lessee, to procure and maintain any or all of such service contracts, and Lessee shall reimburse Lessor,
upon demand, for the cost thereof. 

(c)
 Failure to Perform . If Lessee fails to perform Lessee s obligations under this Paragraph 7.1, Lessor may enter upon the
Premises after 10 days prior written notice to Lessee (except in the case of an emergency, in which case no notice shall be required),
perform such obligations on Lessee s behalf, and put the Premises in good order, condition and repair, and Lessee shall promptly
pay to Lessor a sum equal to 115 of the cost thereof. 

(d)
 Replacement . Subject to Lessee s indemnification of Lessor as set forth in Paragraph 8.7 below, and without relieving Lessee
of liability resulting from Lessee s failure to exercise and perform good maintenance practices, if an item described in Paragraph
7.1(b) cannot be repaired other than at a cost which is in excess of 50 of the cost of replacing such item, then such item shall be
replaced by Lessor, and the cost thereof shall be prorated between the Parties and Lessee shall only be obligated to pay, each month
during the remainder of the term of this Lease or any extension thereof, on the date on which Base Rent is due, an amount equal to the
product of multiplying the cost of such replacement by a fraction, the numerator of which is one, and the denominator of which is 144
(i.e. 1/144th of the cost per month). Lessee shall pay Interest on the unamortized balance but may prepay its obligation at any time. 

7.2
 Lessor s Obligations . Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 2.2 (Condition), 2.3 (Compliance), 4.2 (Common Area Operating
Expenses), 6 (Use), 7.1 (Lessee s Obligations), 9 (Damage or Destruction) and 14 (Condemnation), Lessor, subject to reimbursement
pursuant to Paragraph 4.2, shall keep in good order, condition and repair the foundations, exterior walls, structural condition of interior
bearing walls, exterior roof, fire sprinkler system, Common Area fire alarm and/or smoke detection systems, fire hydrants, parking lots,
walkways, parkways, driveways, landscaping, fences, signs and utility systems serving the Common Areas and all parts thereof, as well
as providing the services for which there is a Common Area Operating Expense pursuant to Paragraph 4.2. Lessor shall not be obligated
to paint the exterior or interior surfaces of exterior walls nor shall Lessor be obligated to maintain, repair or replace windows, doors
or plate glass of the Premises. 

7.3
 Utility Installations; Trade Fixtures; Alterations. 

(a)
 Definitions . The term Utility Installations refers to all floor and window coverings, air and/or vacuum lines,
power panels, electrical distribution, security and fire protection systems, communication cabling, lighting fixtures, HVAC equipment,
plumbing, and fencing in or on the Premises. The term Trade Fixtures shall mean Lessee s machinery and equipment
that can be removed without doing material damage to the Premises. The term Alterations shall mean any modification of
the improvements, other than Utility Installations or Trade Fixtures, whether by addition or deletion. Lessee Owned Alterations
and/or Utility Installations are defined as Alterations and/or Utility Installations made by Lessee that are not yet owned
by Lessor pursuant to Paragraph 7.4(a). 

(b) Consent .
Lessee shall not make any Alterations or Utility Installations to the Premises without Lessor s prior written consent. Lessee
may, however, make non structural Alterations or Utility Installations to the interior of the Premises (excluding the roof) without
such consent but upon notice to Lessor, as long as they are not visible from the outside, do not involve puncturing, relocating or
removing the roof or any existing walls, will not affect the electrical, plumbing, HVAC, and/or life safety systems, do not
trigger the requirement for additional modifications and/or improvements to the Premises resulting from Applicable Requirements,
such as compliance with Title 24, and the cumulative cost thereof during this Lease as extended does not exceed a sum equal to 3
month s Base Rent in the aggregate or a sum equal to one month s Base Rent in any one year. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Lessee shall not make or permit any roof penetrations and/or install anything on the roof without the prior written
approval of Lessor. Lessor may, as a precondition to granting such approval, require Lessee to utilize a contractor chosen and/or
approved by Lessor. Any Alterations or Utility Installations that Lessee shall desire to make and which require the consent of the
Lessor shall be presented to Lessor in written form with detailed plans. Consent shall be deemed conditioned upon Lessee s:
(i) acquiring all applicable governmental permits, (ii) furnishing Lessor with copies of both the permits and the plans and
specifications prior to commencement of the work, and (iii) compliance with all conditions of said permits and other Applicable
Requirements in a prompt and expeditious manner. Any Alterations or Utility Installations shall be performed in a workmanlike manner
with good and sufficient materials. Lessee shall promptly upon completion furnish Lessor with as built plans and specifications.
For work which costs an amount in excess of one month s Base Rent, Lessor may condition its consent upon Lessee providing a
lien and completion bond in an amount equal to 150 of the estimated cost of such Alteration or Utility Installation and/or upon
Lessee s posting an additional Security Deposit with Lessor. 

(c) Liens;
Bonds . Lessee shall pay, when due, all claims for labor or materials furnished or alleged to have been furnished to or for
Lessee at or for use on the Premises, which claims are or may be secured by any mechanic s or materialmen s lien against
the Premises or any interest therein. Lessee shall give Lessor not less than 10 days notice prior to the commencement of any work
in, on or about the Premises, and Lessor shall have the right to post notices of non responsibility. If Lessee shall contest the
validity of any such lien, claim or demand, then Lessee shall, at its sole expense defend and protect itself, Lessor and the
Premises against the same and shall pay and satisfy any such adverse judgment that may be rendered thereon before the enforcement
thereof. If Lessor shall require, Lessee shall furnish a surety bond in an amount equal to 150 of the amount of such contested
lien, claim or demand, indemnifying Lessor against liability for the same. If Lessor elects to participate in any such action,
Lessee shall pay Lessor s attorneys fees and costs. 

7.4
 Ownership; Removal; Surrender; and Restoration. 

(a)
 Ownership . Subject to Lessor s right to require removal or elect ownership as hereinafter provided, all Alterations and
Utility Installations made by Lessee shall be the property of Lessee, but considered a part of the Premises. Lessor may, at any time,
elect in writing to be the owner of all or any specified part of the Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations. Unless otherwise
instructed per paragraph 7.4(b) hereof, all Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations shall, at the expiration or termination
of this Lease, become the property of Lessor and be surrendered by Lessee with the Premises. 

(b)
 Removal . By delivery to Lessee of written notice from Lessor not earlier than 90 and not later than 30 days prior to the end of
the term of this Lease, Lessor may require that any or all Lessee Owned Alterations or Utility Installations be removed by the expiration
or termination of this Lease. Lessor may require the removal at any time of all or any part of any Lessee Owned Alterations or Utility
Installations made without the required consent. 

(c)
 Surrender; Restoration . Lessee shall surrender the Premises by the Expiration Date or any earlier termination date, with all of
the improvements, parts and surfaces thereof broom clean and free of debris, and in good operating order, condition and state of repair,
ordinary wear and tear excepted. Ordinary wear and tear shall not include any damage or deterioration that would have been
prevented by good maintenance practice. Notwithstanding the foregoing and the provisions of Paragraph 7.1(a), if the Lessee occupies
the Premises for 12 months or less, then Lessee shall surrender the Premises in the same condition as delivered to Lessee on the Start
Date with NO allowance for ordinary wear and tear. Lessee shall repair any damage occasioned by the installation, maintenance or removal
of Trade Fixtures, Lessee owned Alterations and/or Utility Installations, furnishings, and equipment as well as the removal of any storage
tank installed by or for Lessee. Lessee shall also remove from the Premises any and all Hazardous Substances brought onto the Premises
by or for Lessee, or any third party (except Hazardous Substances which were deposited via underground migration from areas outside of
the Premises) to the level specified in Applicable Requirements. Trade Fixtures shall remain the property of Lessee and shall be removed
by Lessee. Any personal property of Lessee not removed on or before the Expiration Date or any earlier termination date shall be deemed
to have been abandoned by Lessee and may be disposed of or retained by Lessor as Lessor may desire. The failure by Lessee to timely vacate
the Premises pursuant to this Paragraph 7.4(c) without the express written consent of Lessor shall constitute a holdover under the provisions
of Paragraph 26 below. 

8.
Insurance; Indemnity. 

8.1
 Payment of Premium Increases . 

(a)
As used herein, the term Insurance Cost Increase is defined as any increase in the actual cost of the insurance
applicable to the Building and/or the Project and required to be carried by Lessor, pursuant to Paragraphs 8.2(b), 8.3(a) and 8.3(b),
over and above the Base Premium, as hereinafter defined, calculated on an annual basis. Insurance Cost Increase shall include, but not
be limited to, requirements of the holder of a mortgage or deed of trust covering the Premises, Building and/or Project, increased valuation
of the Premises, Building and/or Project, and/or a general premium rate increase. The term Insurance Cost Increase shall not, however,
include any premium increases resulting from the nature of the occupancy of any other tenant of the Building. The Base Premium 
shall be the annual premium applicable to the 12 month period immediately preceding the Start Date. If, however, the Project was not
insured for the entirety of such 12 month period, then the Base Premium shall be the lowest annual premium reasonably obtainable for
the Required Insurance as of the Start Date, assuming the most nominal use possible of the Building. In no event, however, shall Lessee
be responsible for any portion of the premium cost attributable to liability insurance coverage in excess of 2,000,000 procured under
Paragraph 8.2(b). 

(b)
Lessee shall pay any Insurance Cost Increase to Lessor pursuant to Paragraph 4.2. Premiums for policy periods commencing prior to, or
extending beyond, the term of this Lease shall be prorated to coincide with the corresponding Start Date or Expiration Date. 

8.2
 Liability Insurance. 

(a) Carried
by Lessee . Lessee shall obtain and keep in force a Commercial General Liability policy of insurance protecting Lessee and Lessor
as an additional insured against claims for bodily injury, personal injury and property damage based upon or arising out of the
ownership, use, occupancy or maintenance of the Premises and all areas appurtenant thereto. Such insurance shall be on an occurrence
basis providing single limit coverage in an amount not less than 1,000,000 per occurrence with an annual aggregate of not less than
 2,000,000. Lessee shall add Lessor as an additional insured by means of an endorsement at least as broad as the Insurance Service
Organization s Additional Insured Managers or Lessors of Premises Endorsement. The policy shall not contain any
intra insured exclusions as between insured persons or organizations, but shall include coverage for liability assumed under this
Lease as an insured contract for the performance of Lessee s indemnity obligations under this Lease. The
limits of said insurance shall not, however, limit the liability of Lessee nor relieve Lessee of any obligation hereunder. Lessee
shall provide an endorsement on its liability policy(ies) which provides that its insurance shall be primary to and not contributory
with any similar insurance carried by Lessor, whose insurance shall be considered excess insurance only. 

(b)
 Carried by Lessor . Lessor shall maintain liability insurance as described in Paragraph 8.2(a), in addition to, and not in lieu
of, the insurance required to be maintained by Lessee. Lessee shall not be named as an additional insured therein. 

8.3
 Property Insurance Building, Improvements and Rental
Value. 

(a) Building
and Improvements . Lessor shall obtain and keep in force a policy or policies of insurance in the name of Lessor, with loss
payable to Lessor, any ground lessor, and to any Lender insuring loss or damage to the Premises. The amount of such insurance shall
be equal to the full insurable replacement cost of the Premises, as the same shall exist from time to time, or the amount required
by any Lender, but in no event more than the commercially reasonable and available insurable value thereof. Lessee Owned Alterations
and Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures, and Lessee s personal property shall be insured by Lessee not by Lessor. If the
coverage is available and commercially appropriate, such policy or policies shall insure against all risks of direct physical loss
or damage (except the perils of flood and/or earthquake unless required by a Lender), including coverage for debris removal and the
enforcement of any Applicable Requirements requiring the upgrading, demolition, reconstruction or replacement of any portion of the
Premises as the result of a covered loss. Said policy or policies shall also contain an agreed valuation provision in lieu of any
coinsurance clause, waiver of subrogation, and inflation guard protection causing an increase in the annual property insurance
coverage amount by a factor of not less than the adjusted U.S. Department of Labor Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for
the city nearest to where the Premises are located. If such insurance coverage has a deductible clause, the deductible amount shall
not exceed 5,000 per occurrence. 

(b)
 Rental Value . Lessor shall also obtain and keep in force a policy or policies in the name of Lessor with loss payable to Lessor
and any Lender, insuring the loss of the full Rent for one year with an extended period of indemnity for an additional 180 days Rental
Value insurance ). Said insurance shall contain an agreed valuation provision in lieu of any coinsurance clause, and the amount
of coverage shall be adjusted annually to reflect the projected Rent otherwise payable by Lessee, for the next 12 month period. 

(c)
 Adjacent Premises . Lessee shall pay for any increase in the premiums for the property insurance of the Building and for the Common
Areas or other buildings in the Project if said increase is caused by Lessee s acts, omissions, use or occupancy of the Premises. 

(d)
 Lessee s Improvements . Since Lessor is the Insuring Party, Lessor shall not be required to insure Lessee Owned Alterations
and Utility Installations unless the item in question has become the property of Lessor under the terms of this Lease. 

8.4
 Lessee s Property; Business Interruption Insurance;
Worker s Compensation Insurance. 

(a)
 Property Damage . Lessee shall obtain and maintain insurance coverage on all of Lessee s personal property, Trade Fixtures,
and Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations. Such insurance shall be full replacement cost coverage with a deductible of not
to exceed 1,000 per occurrence. The proceeds from any such insurance shall be used by Lessee for the replacement of personal property,
Trade Fixtures and Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations. 

(b)
 Business Interruption . Lessee shall obtain and maintain loss of income and extra expense insurance in amounts as will reimburse
Lessee for direct or indirect loss of earnings attributable to all perils commonly insured against by prudent lessees in the business
of Lessee or attributable to prevention of access to the Premises as a result of such perils. 

(c)
 Worker s Compensation Insurance . Lessee shall obtain and maintain Worker s Compensation Insurance in such amount as
may be required by Applicable Requirements. Such policy shall include a Waiver of Subrogation endorsement. Lessee shall
provide Lessor with a copy of such endorsement along with the certificate of insurance or copy of the policy required by paragraph 8.5. 

(d)
 No Representation of Adequate Coverage . Lessor makes no representation that the limits or forms of coverage of insurance specified
herein are adequate to cover Lessee s property, business operations or obligations under this Lease. 

8.5
 Insurance Policies . Insurance required herein shall be by companies maintaining during the policy term a General Policyholders
Rating of at least A, VII, as set forth in the most current issue of Best s Insurance Guide , or such other
rating as may be required by a Lender. Lessee shall not do or permit to be done anything which invalidates the required insurance policies.
Lessee shall, prior to the Start Date, deliver to Lessor certified copies of policies of such insurance or certificates with copies of
the required endorsements evidencing the existence and amounts of the required insurance. No such policy shall be cancelable or subject
to modification except after 30 days prior written notice to Lessor. Lessee shall, at least 10 days prior to the expiration of such policies,
furnish Lessor with evidence of renewals or insurance binders evidencing renewal thereof, or Lessor may increase his liability
insurance coverage and charge the cost thereof to Lessee, which amount shall be payable by Lessee to Lessor upon demand. Such policies
shall be for a term of at least one year, or the length of the remaining term of this Lease, whichever is less. If either Party shall
fail to procure and maintain the insurance required to be carried by it, the other Party may, but shall not be required to, procure and
maintain the same. 

8.6
 Waiver of Subrogation . Without affecting any other rights or remedies, Lessee and Lessor each hereby release and relieve
the other, and waive their entire right to recover damages against the other, for loss of or damage to its property arising out of or
incident to the perils required to be insured against herein. The effect of such releases and waivers is not limited by the amount
of insurance carried or required, or by any deductibles applicable hereto. The Parties agree to have their respective property damage
insurance carriers waive any right to subrogation that such companies may have against Lessor or Lessee, as the case may be, so long
as the insurance is not invalidated thereby. 

8.7
 Indemnity . Except for Lessor s gross negligence or willful misconduct, Lessee shall indemnify, protect, defend and hold
harmless the Premises, Lessor and its agents, Lessor s master or ground lessor, partners and Lenders, from and against any and
all claims, loss of rents and/or damages, liens, judgments, penalties, attorneys and consultants fees, expenses and/or
liabilities arising out of, involving, or in connection with, a Breach of the Lease by Lessee and/or the use and/or occupancy of the
Premises and/or Project by Lessee and/or by Lessee s employees, contractors or invitees. If any action or proceeding is brought
against Lessor by reason of any of the foregoing matters, Lessee shall upon notice defend the same at Lessee s expense by counsel
reasonably satisfactory to Lessor and Lessor shall cooperate with Lessee in such defense. Lessor need not have first paid any such claim
in order to be defended or indemnified. 

8.8
 Exemption of Lessor and its Agents from Liability . Notwithstanding the negligence or breach of this Lease by Lessor or its agents,
neither Lessor nor its agents shall be liable under any circumstances for: (i) injury or damage to the person or goods, wares, merchandise
or other property of Lessee, Lessee s employees, contractors, invitees, customers, or any other person in or about the Premises,
whether such damage or injury is caused by or results from fire, steam, electricity, gas, water or rain, indoor air quality, the presence
of mold or from the breakage, leakage, obstruction or other defects of pipes, fire sprinklers, wires, appliances, plumbing, HVAC or lighting
fixtures, or from any other cause, whether the said injury or damage results from conditions arising upon the Premises or upon other
portions of the Building, or from other sources or places; (ii) any damages arising from any act or neglect of any other tenant of Lessor
or from the failure of Lessor or its agents to enforce the provisions of any other lease in the Project; or (iii) injury to Lessee s
business or for any loss of income or profit therefrom. Instead, it is intended that Lessee s sole recourse in the event of such
damages or injury be to file a claim on the insurance policy(ies) that Lessee is required to maintain pursuant to the provisions of paragraph
8. 

8.9
 Failure to Provide Insurance . Lessee acknowledges that any failure on its part to obtain or maintain the insurance required herein
will expose Lessor to risks and potentially cause Lessor to incur costs not contemplated by this Lease, the extent of which will be extremely
difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, for any month or portion thereof that Lessee does not maintain the required insurance and/or
does not provide Lessor with the required binders or certificates evidencing the existence of the required insurance, the Base Rent shall
be automatically increased, without any requirement for notice to Lessee, by an amount equal to 10 of the then existing Base Rent or
 100, whichever is greater. The parties agree that such increase in Base Rent represents fair and reasonable compensation for the additional
risk/costs that Lessor will incur by reason of Lessee s failure to maintain the required insurance. Such increase in Base Rent
shall in no event constitute a waiver of Lessee s Default or Breach with respect to the failure to maintain such insurance, prevent
the exercise of any of the other rights and remedies granted hereunder, nor relieve Lessee of its obligation to maintain the insurance
specified in this Lease. 

9.
Damage or Destruction. 

9.1
 Definitions . 

(a)
 Premises Partial Damage shall mean damage or destruction to the improvements on the Premises, other than Lessee
Owned Alterations and Utility Installations, which can reasonably be repaired in 3 months or less from the date of the damage or destruction,
and the cost thereof does not exceed a sum equal to 6 month s Base Rent. Lessor shall notify Lessee in writing within 30 days from
the date of the damage or destruction as to whether or not the damage is Partial or Total. 

(b)
 Premises Total Destruction shall mean damage or destruction to the improvements on the Premises, other than Lessee
Owned Alterations and Utility Installations and Trade Fixtures, which cannot reasonably be repaired in 3 months or less from the date
of the damage or destruction and/or the cost thereof exceeds a sum equal to 6 month s Base Rent. Lessor shall notify Lessee in
writing within 30 days from the date of the damage or destruction as to whether or not the damage is Partial or Total. 

(c)
 Insured Loss shall mean damage or destruction to improvements on the Premises, other than Lessee Owned Alterations
and Utility Installations and Trade Fixtures, which was caused by an event required to be covered by the insurance described in Paragraph
8.3(a), irrespective of any deductible amounts or coverage limits involved. 

(d)
 Replacement Cost shall mean the cost to repair or rebuild the improvements owned by Lessor at the time of the occurrence
to their condition existing immediately prior thereto, including demolition, debris removal and upgrading required by the operation of
Applicable Requirements, and without deduction for depreciation. 

(e)
 Hazardous Substance Condition shall mean the occurrence or discovery of a condition involving the presence of, or
a contamination by, a Hazardous Substance, in, on, or under the Premises which requires restoration. 

9.2
 Partial Damage Insured Loss . If a Premises Partial Damage that is an Insured Loss occurs, then Lessor shall, at Lessor s
expense, repair such damage (but not Lessee s Trade Fixtures or Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations) as soon as
reasonably possible and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect; provided, however, that Lessee shall, at Lessor s
election, make the repair of any damage or destruction the total cost to repair of which is 10,000 or less, and, in such event, Lessor
shall make any applicable insurance proceeds available to Lessee on a reasonable basis for that purpose. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the required insurance was not in force or the insurance proceeds are not sufficient to effect such repair, the Insuring
Party shall promptly contribute the shortage in proceeds as and when required to complete said repairs. In the event, however, such shortage
was due to the fact that, by reason of the unique nature of the improvements, full replacement cost insurance coverage was not commercially
reasonable and available, Lessor shall have no obligation to pay for the shortage in insurance proceeds or to fully restore the unique
aspects of the Premises unless Lessee provides Lessor with the funds to cover same, or adequate assurance thereof, within 10 days following
receipt of written notice of such shortage and request therefor. If Lessor receives said funds or adequate assurance thereof within said
10 day period, the party responsible for making the repairs shall complete them as soon as reasonably possible and this Lease shall remain
in full force and effect. If such funds or assurance are not received, Lessor may nevertheless elect by written notice to Lessee
within 10 days thereafter to: (i) make such restoration and repair as is commercially reasonable with Lessor paying any shortage in proceeds,
in which case this Lease shall remain in full force and effect, or (ii) have this Lease terminate 30 days thereafter. Lessee shall
not be entitled to reimbursement of any funds contributed by Lessee to repair any such damage or destruction. Premises Partial Damage
due to flood or earthquake shall be subject to Paragraph 9.3, notwithstanding that there may be some insurance coverage, but the net
proceeds of any such insurance shall be made available for the repairs if made by either Party. 

9.3
 Partial Damage Uninsured Loss . If a Premises Partial Damage that is not an Insured Loss occurs, unless caused by a negligent or
willful act of Lessee (in which event Lessee shall make the repairs at Lessee s expense), Lessor may either: (i) repair such damage
as soon as reasonably possible at Lessor s expense (subject to reimbursement pursuant to Paragraph 4.2), in which event this Lease
shall continue in full force and effect, or (ii) terminate this Lease by giving written notice to Lessee within 30 days after receipt
by Lessor of knowledge of the occurrence of such damage. Such termination shall be effective 60 days following the date of such
notice. In the event Lessor elects to terminate this Lease, Lessee shall have the right within 10 days after receipt of the termination
notice to give written notice to Lessor of Lessee s commitment to pay for the repair of such damage without reimbursement from
Lessor. Lessee shall provide Lessor with said funds or satisfactory assurance thereof within 30 days after making such commitment. In
such event this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, and Lessor shall proceed to make such repairs as soon as reasonably
possible after the required funds are available. If Lessee does not make the required commitment, this Lease shall terminate as of the
date specified in the termination notice. 

9.4
 Total Destruction . Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if a Premises Total Destruction occurs, this Lease shall terminate
60 days following such Destruction. If the damage or destruction was caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Lessee,
Lessor shall have the right to recover Lessor s damages from Lessee, except as provided in Paragraph 8.6. 

9.5
 Damage Near End of Term . If at any time during the last 6 months of this Lease there is damage for which the cost to repair exceeds
one month s Base Rent, whether or not an Insured Loss, Lessor may terminate this Lease effective 60 days following the date
of occurrence of such damage by giving a written termination notice to Lessee within 30 days after the date of occurrence of such damage.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Lessee at that time has an exercisable option to extend this Lease or to purchase the Premises, then
Lessee may preserve this Lease by (a) exercising such option and (b) providing Lessor with any shortage in insurance proceeds (or adequate
assurance thereof) needed to make the repairs on or before the earlier of (i) the date which is 10 days after Lessee s receipt
of Lessor s written notice purporting to terminate this Lease, or (ii) the day prior to the date upon which such option expires.
If Lessee duly exercises such option during such period and provides Lessor with funds (or adequate assurance thereof) to cover any shortage
in insurance proceeds, Lessor shall, at Lessor s commercially reasonable expense, repair such damage as soon as reasonably possible
and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect. If Lessee fails to exercise such option and provide such funds or assurance
during such period, then this Lease shall terminate on the date specified in the termination notice and Lessee s option shall be
extinguished. 

9.6
 Abatement of Rent; Lessee s Remedies. 

(a)
 Abatement . In the event of Premises Partial Damage or Premises Total Destruction or a Hazardous Substance Condition for which
Lessee is not responsible under this Lease, the Rent payable by Lessee for the period required for the repair, remediation or restoration
of such damage shall be abated in proportion to the degree to which Lessee s use of the Premises is impaired, but not to exceed
the proceeds received from the Rental Value insurance. All other obligations of Lessee hereunder shall be performed by Lessee, and Lessor
shall have no liability for any such damage, destruction, remediation, repair or restoration except as provided herein. 

(b)
 Remedies . If Lessor is obligated to repair or restore the Premises and does not commence, in a substantial and meaningful way,
such repair or restoration within 90 days after such obligation shall accrue, Lessee may, at any time prior to the commencement of such
repair or restoration, give written notice to Lessor and to any Lenders of which Lessee has actual notice, of Lessee s election
to terminate this Lease on a date not less than 60 days following the giving of such notice. If Lessee gives such notice and such repair
or restoration is not commenced within 30 days thereafter, this Lease shall terminate as of the date specified in said notice. If the
repair or restoration is commenced within such 30 days, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect. Commence 
shall mean either the unconditional authorization of the preparation of the required plans, or the beginning of the actual work on the
Premises, whichever first occurs. 

9.7
 Termination; Advance Payments . Upon termination of this Lease pursuant to Paragraph 6.2(g) or Paragraph 9, an equitable adjustment
shall be made concerning advance Base Rent and any other advance payments made by Lessee to Lessor. Lessor shall, in addition, return
to Lessee so much of Lessee s Security Deposit as has not been, or is not then required to be, used by Lessor. 

10.
Real Property Taxes. 

10.1
 Definitions . 

(a)
 Real Property Taxes . As used herein, the term Real Property Taxes shall include any form of
assessment; real estate, general, special, ordinary or extraordinary, or rental levy or tax (other than inheritance, personal income
or estate taxes); improvement bond; and/or license fee imposed upon or levied against any legal or equitable interest of Lessor in the
Project, Lessor s right to other income therefrom, and/or Lessor s business of leasing, by any authority having the direct
or indirect power to tax and where the funds are generated with reference to the Project address. The term Real Property Taxes 
shall also include any tax, fee, levy, assessment or charge, or any increase therein: (i) imposed by reason of events occurring during
the term of this Lease, including but not limited to, a change in the ownership of the Project; (ii) a change in the improvements thereon;
and/or (iii) levied or assessed on machinery or equipment provided by Lessor to Lessee pursuant to this Lease. 

(b)
 Base Real Property Taxes . As used herein, the term Base Real Property Taxes shall be the amount
of Real Property Taxes, which are assessed against the Project, during the entire calendar year in which the Lease is executed. 

10.2
 Payment of Taxes . Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 10.3, Lessor shall pay the Real Property Taxes applicable to the Project,
and said payments shall be included in the calculation of Common Area Operating Expenses in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph
4.2. 

10.3
 Additional Improvements . Common Area Operating Expenses shall not include Real Property Taxes specified in the tax assessor s
records and work sheets as being caused by additional improvements placed upon the Project by other tenants or by Lessor for the exclusive
enjoyment of such other Tenants. Notwithstanding Paragraph 10.2 hereof, Lessee shall, however, pay to Lessor at the time Common Area
Operating Expenses are payable under Paragraph 4.2, the entirety of any increase in Real Property Taxes if assessed solely by reason
of Alterations, Trade Fixtures or Utility Installations placed upon the Premises by Lessee or at Lessee s request or by reason
of any alterations or improvements to the Premises made by Lessor subsequent to the execution of this Lease by the Parties. 

10.4
 Joint Assessment . If the Building is not separately assessed, Real Property Taxes allocated to the Building shall be an equitable
proportion of the Real Property Taxes for all of the land and improvements included within the tax parcel assessed, such proportion to
be determined by Lessor from the respective valuations assigned in the assessor s work sheets or such other information as may
be reasonably available. Lessor s reasonable determination thereof, in good faith, shall be conclusive. 

10.5
 Personal Property Taxes . Lessee shall pay prior to delinquency all taxes assessed against and levied upon Lessee Owned Alterations
and Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all personal property of Lessee contained in the Premises. When
possible, Lessee shall cause its Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all other
personal property to be assessed and billed separately from the real property of Lessor. If any of Lessee s said property shall
be assessed with Lessor s real property, Lessee shall pay Lessor the taxes attributable to Lessee s property within 10 days
after receipt of a written statement setting forth the taxes applicable to Lessee s property. 

11.
Utilities and Services. 

11.1
Lessee shall pay for all water, gas, heat, light, power, telephone, trash disposal and other utilities and services supplied to the Premises,
together with any taxes thereon. Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 4.2, if at any time in Lessor s sole judgment, Lessor
determines that Lessee is using a disproportionate amount of water, electricity or other commonly metered utilities, or that Lessee is
generating such a large volume of trash as to require an increase in the size of the trash receptacle and/or an increase in the number
of times per month that it is emptied, then Lessor may increase Lessee s Base Rent by an amount equal to such increased costs.
There shall be no abatement of Rent and Lessor shall not be liable in any respect whatsoever for the inadequacy, stoppage, interruption
or discontinuance of any utility or service due to riot, strike, labor dispute, breakdown, accident, repair or other cause beyond Lessor s
reasonable control or in cooperation with governmental request or directions. 

11.2
Within fifteen days of Lessor s written request, Lessee agrees to deliver to Lessor such information, documents and/or authorization
as Lessor needs in order for Lessor to comply with new or existing Applicable Requirements relating to commercial building energy usage,
ratings, and/or the reporting thereof. 

12.
Assignment and Subletting. 

12.1
 Lessor s Consent Required . 

(a)
Lessee shall not voluntarily or by operation of law assign, transfer, mortgage or encumber (collectively, assign or assignment or sublet all or any part of Lessee s interest in this Lease or in the Premises without Lessor s prior written consent. 

(b)
Unless Lessee is a corporation and its stock is publicly traded on a national stock exchange, a change in the control of Lessee shall
constitute an assignment requiring consent. The transfer, on a cumulative basis, of 25 or more of the voting control of Lessee shall
constitute a change in control for this purpose. 

(c)
The involvement of Lessee or its assets in any transaction, or series of transactions (by way of merger, sale, acquisition,
financing, transfer, leveraged buy out or otherwise), whether or not a formal assignment or hypothecation of this Lease or
Lessee s assets occurs, which results or will result in a reduction of the Net Worth of Lessee by an amount greater than 25 
of such Net Worth as it was represented at the time of the execution of this Lease or at the time of the most recent assignment to
which Lessor has consented, or as it exists immediately prior to said transaction or transactions constituting such reduction,
whichever was or is greater, shall be considered an assignment of this Lease to which Lessor may withhold its consent. Net
Worth of Lessee shall mean the net worth of Lessee (excluding any guarantors) established under generally accepted
accounting principles. 

(d)
An assignment or subletting without consent shall, at Lessor s option, be a Default curable after notice per Paragraph
13.1(d), or a non curable Breach without the necessity of any notice and grace period. If Lessor elects to treat such unapproved
assignment or subletting as a non curable Breach, Lessor may either: (i) terminate this Lease, or (ii) upon 30 days written notice,
increase the monthly Base Rent to 110 of the Base Rent then in effect. Further, in the event of such Breach and rental
adjustment, (i) the purchase price of any option to purchase the Premises held by Lessee shall be subject to similar adjustment to
110 of the price previously in effect, and (ii) all fixed and non fixed rental adjustments scheduled during the remainder of
the Lease term shall be increased to 110 of the scheduled adjusted rent. 

(e)
Lessee s remedy for any breach of Paragraph 12.1 by Lessor shall be limited to compensatory damages and/or injunctive relief. 

(f)
Lessor may reasonably withhold consent to a proposed assignment or subletting if Lessee is in Default at the time consent is requested. 

(g)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, allowing a de minimis portion of the Premises, ie. 20 square feet or less, to be used by a third party
vendor in connection with the installation of a vending machine or pay phone shall not constitute a subletting. 

12.2
 Terms and Conditions Applicable to Assignment and
Subletting . 

(a)
Regardless of Lessor s consent, no assignment or subletting shall : (i) be effective without the express written assumption
by such assignee or sublessee of the obligations of Lessee under this Lease, (ii) release Lessee of any obligations hereunder, or (iii)
alter the primary liability of Lessee for the payment of Rent or for the performance of any other obligations to be performed by Lessee. 

(b)
Lessor may accept Rent or performance of Lessee s obligations from any person other than Lessee pending approval or disapproval
of an assignment. Neither a delay in the approval or disapproval of such assignment nor the acceptance of Rent or performance shall constitute
a waiver or estoppel of Lessor s right to exercise its remedies for Lessee s Default or Breach. 

(c)
Lessor s consent to any assignment or subletting shall not constitute a consent to any subsequent assignment or subletting. 

(d)
In the event of any Default or Breach by Lessee, Lessor may proceed directly against Lessee, any Guarantors or anyone else responsible
for the performance of Lessee s obligations under this Lease, including any assignee or sublessee, without first exhausting Lessor s
remedies against any other person or entity responsible therefor to Lessor, or any security held by Lessor. 

(e)
Each request for consent to an assignment or subletting shall be in writing, accompanied by information relevant to Lessor s determination
as to the financial and operational responsibility and appropriateness of the proposed assignee or sublessee, including but not limited
to the intended use and/or required modification of the Premises, if any, together with a fee of 500 as consideration for Lessor s
considering and processing said request. Lessee agrees to provide Lessor with such other or additional information and/or documentation
as may be reasonably requested. (See also Paragraph 36) 

(f)
Any assignee of, or sublessee under, this Lease shall, by reason of accepting such assignment, entering into such sublease, or entering
into possession of the Premises or any portion thereof, be deemed to have assumed and agreed to conform and comply with each and every
term, covenant, condition and obligation herein to be observed or performed by Lessee during the term of said assignment or sublease,
other than such obligations as are contrary to or inconsistent with provisions of an assignment or sublease to which Lessor has specifically
consented to in writing. 

(g)
Lessor s consent to any assignment or subletting shall not transfer to the assignee or sublessee any Option granted to the original
Lessee by this Lease unless such transfer is specifically consented to by Lessor in writing. (See Paragraph 39.2) 

12.3
 Additional Terms and Conditions Applicable to Subletting . The following terms and conditions shall apply to any subletting by
Lessee of all or any part of the Premises and shall be deemed included in all subleases under this Lease whether or not expressly incorporated
therein: 

(a)
Lessee hereby assigns and transfers to Lessor all of Lessee s interest in all Rent payable on any sublease, and Lessor may collect
such Rent and apply same toward Lessee s obligations under this Lease; provided, however, that until a Breach shall occur in the
performance of Lessee s obligations, Lessee may collect said Rent. In the event that the amount collected by Lessor exceeds Lessee s
then outstanding obligations any such excess shall be refunded to Lessee. Lessor shall not, by reason of the foregoing or any assignment
of such sublease, nor by reason of the collection of Rent, be deemed liable to the sublessee for any failure of Lessee to perform and
comply with any of Lessee s obligations to such sublessee. Lessee hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs any such sublessee,
upon receipt of a written notice from Lessor stating that a Breach exists in the performance of Lessee s obligations under this
Lease, to pay to Lessor all Rent due and to become due under the sublease. Sublessee shall rely upon any such notice from Lessor and
shall pay all Rents to Lessor without any obligation or right to inquire as to whether such Breach exists, notwithstanding any claim
from Lessee to the contrary. 

(b)
In the event of a Breach by Lessee, Lessor may, at its option, require sublessee to attorn to Lessor, in which event Lessor shall undertake
the obligations of the sublessor under such sublease from the time of the exercise of said option to the expiration of such sublease;
provided, however, Lessor shall not be liable for any prepaid rents or security deposit paid by such sublessee to such sublessor or for
any prior Defaults or Breaches of such sublessor. 

(c)
Any matter requiring the consent of the sublessor under a sublease shall also require the consent of Lessor. 

(d)
No sublessee shall further assign or sublet all or any part of the Premises without Lessor s prior written consent. 

(e)
Lessor shall deliver a copy of any notice of Default or Breach by Lessee to the sublessee, who shall have the right to cure the Default
of Lessee within the grace period, if any, specified in such notice. The sublessee shall have a right of reimbursement and offset
from and against Lessee for any such Defaults cured by the sublessee. 

13.
Default; Breach; Remedies. 

13.1
 Default; Breach . A Default is defined as a failure by the Lessee to comply with or perform any of the terms,
covenants, conditions or Rules and Regulations under this Lease. A Breach is defined as the occurrence of one or
more of the following Defaults, and the failure of Lessee to cure such Default within any applicable grace period: 

(a)
The abandonment of the Premises; the vacating of the Premises prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease without providing
a commercially reasonable level of security, or where the coverage of the property insurance described in Paragraph 8.3 is jeopardized
as a result thereof, or without providing reasonable assurances to minimize potential vandalism; or failure to deliver to Lessor exclusive
possession of the entire Premises in accordance herewith prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease. 

(b)
The failure of Lessee to make any payment of Rent or any Security Deposit required to be made by Lessee hereunder, whether to Lessor
or to a third party, when due, to provide reasonable evidence of insurance or surety bond, or to fulfill any obligation under this Lease
which endangers or threatens life or property, where such failure continues for a period of 3 business days following written notice
to Lessee. THE ACCEPTANCE BY LESSOR OF A PARTIAL PAYMENT OF RENT OR SECURITY DEPOSIT SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE A WAIVER OF ANY OF LESSOR S
RIGHTS, INCLUDING LESSOR S RIGHT TO RECOVER POSSESSION OF THE PREMISES. 

(c)
The failure of Lessee to allow Lessor and/or its agents access to the Premises or the commission of waste, act or acts constituting public
or private nuisance, and/or an illegal activity on the Premises by Lessee, where such actions continue for a period of 3 business days
following written notice to Lessee. In the event that Lessee commits waste, a nuisance or an illegal activity a second time then, the
Lessor may elect to treat such conduct as a non curable Breach rather than a Default. 

(d)
The failure by Lessee to provide (i) reasonable written evidence of compliance with Applicable Requirements, (ii) the service contracts,
(iii) the rescission of an unauthorized assignment or subletting, (iv) an Estoppel Certificate or financial statements, (v) a requested
subordination, (vi) evidence concerning any guaranty and/or Guarantor, (vii) any document requested under Paragraph 41, (viii) material
safety data sheets (MSDS), or (ix) any other documentation or information which Lessor may reasonably require of Lessee under the terms
of this Lease, where any such failure continues for a period of 10 days following written notice to Lessee. 

(e)
A Default by Lessee as to the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of this Lease, or of the rules adopted under Paragraph 2.9 hereof,
other than those described in subparagraphs 13.1(a), (b), (c) or (d), above, where such Default continues for a period of 30 days after
written notice; provided, however, that if the nature of Lessee s Default is such that more than 30 days are reasonably required
for its cure, then it shall not be deemed to be a Breach if Lessee commences such cure within said 30 day period and thereafter diligently
prosecutes such cure to completion. 

(f)
The occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the making of any general arrangement or assignment for the benefit of creditors;
(ii) becoming a debtor as defined in 11 U.S.C. 101 or any successor statute thereto (unless, in the case
of a petition filed against Lessee, the same is dismissed within 60 days); (iii) the appointment of a trustee or receiver to take possession
of substantially all of Lessee s assets located at the Premises or of Lessee s interest in this Lease, where possession is
not restored to Lessee within 30 days; or (iv) the attachment, execution or other judicial seizure of substantially all of Lessee s
assets located at the Premises or of Lessee s interest in this Lease, where such seizure is not discharged within 30 days; provided,
however, in the event that any provision of this subparagraph is contrary to any applicable law, such provision shall be of no force
or effect, and not affect the validity of the remaining provisions. 

(g)
The discovery that any financial statement of Lessee or of any Guarantor given to Lessor was materially false. 

(h)
If the performance of Lessee s obligations under this Lease is guaranteed: (i) the death of a Guarantor, (ii) the termination of
a Guarantor s liability with respect to this Lease other than in accordance with the terms of such guaranty, (iii) a Guarantor s
becoming insolvent or the subject of a bankruptcy filing, (iv) a Guarantor s refusal to honor the guaranty, or (v) a Guarantor s
breach of its guaranty obligation on an anticipatory basis, and Lessee s failure, within 60 days following written notice of any
such event, to provide written alternative assurance or security, which, when coupled with the then existing resources of Lessee, equals
or exceeds the combined financial resources of Lessee and the Guarantors that existed at the time of execution of this Lease. 

13.2 Remedies .
If Lessee fails to perform any of its affirmative duties or obligations, within 10 days after written notice (or in case of an
emergency, without notice), Lessor may, at its option, perform such duty or obligation on Lessee s behalf, including but not
limited to the obtaining of reasonably required bonds, insurance policies, or governmental licenses, permits or approvals. Lessee
shall pay to Lessor an amount equal to 115 of the costs and expenses incurred by Lessor in such performance upon receipt of an
invoice therefor. In the event of a Breach, Lessor may, with or without further notice or demand, and without limiting Lessor in the
exercise of any right or remedy which Lessor may have by reason of such Breach: 

(a)
Terminate Lessee s right to possession of the Premises by any lawful means, in which case this Lease shall terminate and
Lessee shall immediately surrender possession to Lessor. In such event Lessor shall be entitled to recover from Lessee: (i) the
unpaid Rent which had been earned at the time of termination; (ii) the worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid
rent which would have been earned after termination until the time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that the Lessee
proves could have been reasonably avoided; (iii) the worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent for the
balance of the term after the time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that the Lessee proves could be reasonably
avoided; and (iv) any other amount necessary to compensate Lessor for all the detriment proximately caused by the Lessee s
failure to perform its obligations under this Lease or which in the ordinary course of things would be likely to result therefrom,
including but not limited to the cost of recovering possession of the Premises, expenses of reletting, including necessary
renovation and alteration of the Premises, reasonable attorneys fees, and that portion of any leasing commission paid by
Lessor in connection with this Lease applicable to the unexpired term of this Lease. The worth at the time of award of the amount
referred to in provision (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be computed by discounting such amount at the discount
rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of the District within which the Premises are located at the time of award plus one percent.
Efforts by Lessor to mitigate damages caused by Lessee s Breach of this Lease shall not waive Lessor s right to
recover any damages to which Lessor is otherwise entitled. If termination of this Lease is obtained through the provisional remedy
of unlawful detainer, Lessor shall have the right to recover in such proceeding any unpaid Rent and damages as are recoverable
therein, or Lessor may reserve the right to recover all or any part thereof in a separate suit. If a notice and grace period
required under Paragraph 13.1 was not previously given, a notice to pay rent or quit, or to perform or quit given to Lessee under
the unlawful detainer statute shall also constitute the notice required by Paragraph 13.1. In such case, the applicable grace period
required by Paragraph 13.1 and the unlawful detainer statute shall run concurrently, and the failure of Lessee to cure the Default
within the greater of the two such grace periods shall constitute both an unlawful detainer and a Breach of this Lease entitling
Lessor to the remedies provided for in this Lease and/or by said statute. 

(b)
Continue the Lease and Lessee s right to possession and recover the Rent as it becomes due, in which event Lessee may sublet or
assign, subject only to reasonable limitations. Acts of maintenance, efforts to relet, and/or the appointment of a receiver to protect
the Lessor s interests, shall not constitute a termination of the Lessee s right to possession. 

(c)
Pursue any other remedy now or hereafter available under the laws or judicial decisions of the state wherein the Premises are located.
The expiration or termination of this Lease and/or the termination of Lessee s right to possession shall not relieve Lessee from
liability under any indemnity provisions of this Lease as to matters occurring or accruing during the term hereof or by reason of Lessee s
occupancy of the Premises. 

13.3
 Inducement Recapture. Any agreement for free or abated rent or other charges, the cost of tenant improvements for Lessee paid
for or performed by Lessor, or for the giving or paying by Lessor to or for Lessee of any cash or other bonus, inducement or consideration
for Lessee s entering into this Lease, all of which concessions are hereinafter referred to as Inducement Provisions , 
shall be deemed conditioned upon Lessee s full and faithful performance of all of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease.
Upon Breach of this Lease by Lessee, any such Inducement Provision shall automatically be deemed deleted from this Lease and of no further
force or effect, and any rent, other charge, bonus, inducement or consideration theretofore abated, given or paid by Lessor under
such an Inducement Provision shall be immediately due and payable by Lessee to Lessor, notwithstanding any subsequent cure of said Breach
by Lessee. The acceptance by Lessor of rent or the cure of the Breach which initiated the operation of this paragraph shall not be deemed
a waiver by Lessor of the provisions of this paragraph unless specifically so stated in writing by Lessor at the time of such acceptance. 

13.4 Late
Charges . Lessee hereby acknowledges that late payment by Lessee of Rent will cause Lessor to incur costs not contemplated by
this Lease, the exact amount of which will be extremely difficult to ascertain. Such costs include, but are not limited to,
processing and accounting charges, and late charges which may be imposed upon Lessor by any Lender. Accordingly, if any Rent shall
not be received by Lessor within 5 days after such amount shall be due, then, without any requirement for notice to Lessee, Lessee
shall immediately pay to Lessor a one-time late charge equal to 10 of each such overdue amount or 100, whichever is greater. The
parties hereby agree that such late charge represents a fair and reasonable estimate of the costs Lessor will incur by reason of
such late payment. Acceptance of such late charge by Lessor shall in no event constitute a waiver of Lessee s Default or
Breach with respect to such overdue amount, nor prevent the exercise of any of the other rights and remedies granted hereunder. In
the event that a late charge is payable hereunder, whether or not collected, for 3 consecutive installments of Base Rent, then
notwithstanding any provision of this Lease to the contrary, Base Rent shall, at Lessor s option, become due and payable
quarterly in advance. 

13.5
 Interest . Any monetary payment due Lessor hereunder, other than late charges, not received by Lessor, when due shall bear interest
from the 31st day after it was due. The interest Interest charged shall be computed at the rate of 10 per annum
but shall not exceed the maximum rate allowed by law. Interest is payable in addition to the potential late charge provided for in Paragraph
13.4. 

13.6
 Breach by Lessor. 

(a)
 Notice of Breach . Lessor shall not be deemed in breach of this Lease unless Lessor fails within a reasonable time to perform an
obligation required to be performed by Lessor. For purposes of this Paragraph, a reasonable time shall in no event be less than 30 days
after receipt by Lessor, and any Lender whose name and address shall have been furnished to Lessee in writing for such purpose, of written
notice specifying wherein such obligation of Lessor has not been performed; provided, however, that if the nature of Lessor s obligation
is such that more than 30 days are reasonably required for its performance, then Lessor shall not be in breach if performance is commenced
within such 30 day period and thereafter diligently pursued to completion. 

(b)
 Performance by Lessee on Behalf of Lessor . In the event that neither Lessor nor Lender cures said breach within 30 days after
receipt of said notice, or if having commenced said cure they do not diligently pursue it to completion, then Lessee may elect to cure
said breach at Lessee s expense and offset from Rent the actual and reasonable cost to perform such cure, provided however,
that such offset shall not exceed an amount equal to the greater of one month s Base Rent or the Security Deposit, reserving
Lessee s right to reimbursement from Lessor for any such expense in excess of such offset. Lessee shall document the cost
of said cure and supply said documentation to Lessor. 

14.
Condemnation . If the Premises or any portion thereof are taken under the power of eminent domain or sold under the threat of the
exercise of said power (collectively Condemnation ), this Lease shall terminate as to the part taken as of the date
the condemning authority takes title or possession, whichever first occurs. If more than 10 of the floor area of the Unit, or more than
25 of the parking spaces is taken by Condemnation, Lessee may, at Lessee s option, to be exercised in writing within 10 days after
Lessor shall have given Lessee written notice of such taking (or in the absence of such notice, within 10 days after the condemning authority
shall have taken possession) terminate this Lease as of the date the condemning authority takes such possession. If Lessee does not terminate
this Lease in accordance with the foregoing, this Lease shall remain in full force and effect as to the portion of the Premises
remaining, except that the Base Rent shall be reduced in proportion to the reduction in utility of the Premises caused by such Condemnation.
Condemnation awards and/or payments shall be the property of Lessor, whether such award shall be made as compensation for diminution
in value of the leasehold, the value of the part taken, or for severance damages; provided, however, that Lessee shall be entitled to
any compensation paid by the condemnor for Lessee s relocation expenses, loss of business goodwill and/or Trade Fixtures, without
regard to whether or not this Lease is terminated pursuant to the provisions of this Paragraph. All Alterations and Utility Installations
made to the Premises by Lessee, for purposes of Condemnation only, shall be considered the property of the Lessee and Lessee shall be
entitled to any and all compensation which is payable therefor. In the event that this Lease is not terminated by reason of the Condemnation,
Lessor shall repair any damage to the Premises caused by such Condemnation. 

15.
Brokerage Fees. 

15.1
 Additional Commission . In addition to the payments owed pursuant to Paragraph 1.10 above, Lessor agrees that: (a) if
Lessee exercises any Option, (b) if Lessee or anyone affiliated with Lessee acquires from Lessor any rights to the Premises
or other premises owned by Lessor and located within the Project, (c) if Lessee remains in possession of the Premises, with the consent
of Lessor, after the expiration of this Lease, or (d) if Base Rent is increased, whether by agreement or operation of an escalation clause
herein, then, Lessor shall pay Brokers a fee in accordance with the fee schedule of the Brokers in effect at the time the Lease
was executed. The provisions of this paragraph are intended to supersede the provisions of any earlier agreement to the contrary. 

15.2
 Assumption of Obligations . Any buyer or transferee of Lessor s interest in this Lease shall be deemed to have assumed Lessor s
obligation hereunder. Brokers shall be third party beneficiaries of the provisions of Paragraphs 1.10, 15, 22 and 31. If Lessor fails
to pay to Brokers any amounts due as and for brokerage fees pertaining to this Lease when due, then such amounts shall accrue Interest.
In addition, if Lessor fails to pay any amounts to Lessee s Broker when due, Lessee s Broker may send written notice to Lessor
and Lessee of such failure and if Lessor fails to pay such amounts within 10 days after said notice, Lessee shall pay said monies to
its Broker and offset such amounts against Rent. In addition, Lessee s Broker shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary
of any commission agreement entered into by and/or between Lessor and Lessor s Broker for the limited purpose of collecting any
brokerage fee owed. 

15.3
 Representations and Indemnities of Broker Relationships . Lessee and Lessor each represent and warrant to the other that it has
had no dealings with any person, firm, broker, agent or finder (other than the Brokers and Agents, if any) in connection with this Lease,
and that no one other than said named Brokers and Agents is entitled to any commission or finder s fee in connection herewith.
Lessee and Lessor do each hereby agree to indemnify, protect, defend and hold the other harmless from and against liability for compensation
or charges which may be claimed by any such unnamed broker, finder or other similar party by reason of any dealings or actions of the
indemnifying Party, including any costs, expenses, attorneys fees reasonably incurred with respect thereto. 

16.
Estoppel Certificates. 

(a)
Each Party (as Responding Party shall within 10 days after written notice from the other Party (the Requesting
Party execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Requesting Party a statement in writing in form similar to the then most current
 Estoppel Certificate form published BY AIR CRE, plus such additional information, confirmation and/or statements
as may be reasonably requested by the Requesting Party. 

(b)
If the Responding Party shall fail to execute or deliver the Estoppel Certificate within such 10 day period, the Requesting Party may
execute an Estoppel Certificate stating that: (i) the Lease is in full force and effect without modification except as may be represented
by the Requesting Party, (ii) there are no uncured defaults in the Requesting Party s performance, and (iii) if Lessor is the Requesting
Party, not more than one month s rent has been paid in advance. Prospective purchasers and encumbrancers may rely upon the Requesting
Party s Estoppel Certificate, and the Responding Party shall be estopped from denying the truth of the facts contained in said
Certificate. In addition, Lessee acknowledges that any failure on its part to provide such an Estoppel Certificate will expose Lessor
to risks and potentially cause Lessor to incur costs not contemplated by this Lease, the extent of which will be extremely difficult
to ascertain. Accordingly, should the Lessee fail to execute and/or deliver a requested Estoppel Certificate in a timely fashion the
monthly Base Rent shall be automatically increased, without any requirement for notice to Lessee, by an amount equal to 10 of the then
existing Base Rent or 100, whichever is greater for remainder of the Lease. The Parties agree that such increase in Base Rent represents
fair and reasonable compensation for the additional risk/costs that Lessor will incur by reason of Lessee s failure to provide
the Estoppel Certificate. Such increase in Base Rent shall in no event constitute a waiver of Lessee s Default or Breach with respect
to the failure to provide the Estoppel Certificate nor prevent the exercise of any of the other rights and remedies granted hereunder. 

(c)
If Lessor desires to finance, refinance, or sell the Premises, or any part thereof, Lessee and all Guarantors shall within 10 days
after written notice from Lessor deliver to any potential lender or purchaser designated by Lessor such financial statements as may
be reasonably required by such lender or purchaser, including but not limited to Lessee s financial statements for the past 3
years. All such financial statements shall be received by Lessor and such lender or purchaser in confidence and shall be used only
for the purposes herein set forth. 

17.
Definition of Lessor. The term Lessor as used herein shall mean the owner or owners at the time in question
of the fee title to the Premises, or, if this is a sublease, of the Lessee s interest in the prior lease. In the event of a transfer
of Lessor s title or interest in the Premises or this Lease, Lessor shall deliver to the transferee or assignee (in cash or by
credit) any unused Security Deposit held by Lessor. Upon such transfer or assignment and delivery of the Security Deposit, as aforesaid,
the prior Lessor shall be relieved of all liability with respect to the obligations and/or covenants under this Lease thereafter to be
performed by the Lessor. Subject to the foregoing, the obligations and/or covenants in this Lease to be performed by the Lessor shall
be binding only upon the Lessor as hereinabove defined. 

18.
Severability. The invalidity of any provision of this Lease, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, shall in no way
affect the validity of any other provision hereof. 

19.
Days. Unless otherwise specifically indicated to the contrary, the word days as used in this Lease shall mean
and refer to calendar days. 

20.
Limitation on Liability. The obligations of Lessor under this Lease shall not constitute personal obligations of Lessor, or its partners,
members, directors, officers or shareholders, and Lessee shall look to the Premises, and to no other assets of Lessor, for the satisfaction
of any liability of Lessor with respect to this Lease, and shall not seek recourse against Lessor s partners, members, directors,
officers or shareholders, or any of their personal assets for such satisfaction. 

21.
Time of Essence. Time is of the essence with respect to the performance of all obligations to be performed or observed by the Parties
under this Lease. 

22.
No Prior or Other Agreements; Broker Disclaimer . This Lease contains all agreements between the Parties with respect to any matter
mentioned herein, and no other prior or contemporaneous agreement or understanding shall be effective. Lessor and Lessee each represents
and warrants to the Brokers that it has made, and is relying solely upon, its own investigation as to the nature, quality, character
and financial responsibility of the other Party to this Lease and as to the use, nature, quality and character of the Premises. Brokers
have no responsibility with respect thereto or with respect to any default or breach hereof by either Party. 

23.
Notices. 

23.1
 Notice Requirements . All notices required or permitted by this Lease or applicable law shall be in writing and may be delivered
in person (by hand or by courier) or may be sent by regular, certified or registered mail or U.S. Postal Service Express Mail, with postage
prepaid, or by facsimile transmission, or by email, and shall be deemed sufficiently given if served in a manner specified in this
Paragraph 23. The addresses noted adjacent to a Party s signature on this Lease shall be that Party s address for delivery
or mailing of notices. Either Party may by written notice to the other specify a different address for notice, except that upon
Lessee s taking possession of the Premises, the Premises shall constitute Lessee s address for notice. A copy of all notices
to Lessor shall be concurrently transmitted to such party or parties at such addresses as Lessor may from time to time hereafter designate
in writing. 

23.2
 Date of Notice . Any notice sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, shall be deemed given on the date of
delivery shown on the receipt card, or if no delivery date is shown, the postmark thereon. If sent by regular mail the notice shall be
deemed given 72 hours after the same is addressed as required herein and mailed with postage prepaid. Notices delivered by United States
Express Mail or overnight courier that guarantees next day delivery shall be deemed given 24 hours after delivery of the same to the
Postal Service or courier. Notices delivered by hand, or transmitted by facsimile transmission or by email shall be deemed delivered
upon actual receipt. If notice is received on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, it shall be deemed received on the next business day. 

23.3 Options. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to exercise any Options (see paragraph 39), the Notice must be sent by Certified Mail
(return receipt requested), Express Mail (signature required), courier (signature required) or some other methodology that provides
a receipt establishing the date the notice was received by the Lessor. 

24.
Waivers. 

(a)
No waiver by Lessor of the Default or Breach of any term, covenant or condition hereof by Lessee, shall be deemed a waiver of any other
term, covenant or condition hereof, or of any subsequent Default or Breach by Lessee of the same or of any other term, covenant or condition
hereof. Lessor s consent to, or approval of, any act shall not be deemed to render unnecessary the obtaining of Lessor s
consent to, or approval of, any subsequent or similar act by Lessee, or be construed as the basis of an estoppel to enforce the provision
or provisions of this Lease requiring such consent. 

(b)
The acceptance of Rent by Lessor shall not be a waiver of any Default or Breach by Lessee. Any payment by Lessee may be accepted by
Lessor on account of monies or damages due Lessor, notwithstanding any qualifying statements or conditions made by Lessee in
connection therewith, which such statements and/or conditions shall be of no force or effect whatsoever unless specifically
agreed to in writing by Lessor at or before the time of deposit of such payment. 

(c)
THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE TERMS OF THIS LEASE SHALL GOVERN WITH REGARD TO ALL MATTERS RELATED THERETO AND HEREBY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS
OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH STATUTE IS INCONSISTENT WITH THIS LEASE. 

25.
Disclosures Regarding The Nature of a Real Estate Agency Relationship. 

(a)
When entering into a discussion with a real estate agent regarding a real estate transaction, a Lessor or Lessee should from the outset
understand what type of agency relationship or representation it has with the agent or agents in the transaction. Lessor and Lessee acknowledge
being advised by the Brokers in this transaction, as follows: 

(i)
 Lessor s Agent . A Lessor s agent under a listing agreement with the Lessor acts as the agent for the Lessor
only. A Lessor s agent or subagent has the following affirmative obligations: To the Lessor : A fiduciary duty
of utmost care, integrity, honesty, and loyalty in dealings with the Lessor. To the Lessee and the Lessor : (a) Diligent
exercise of reasonable skills and care in performance of the agent s duties. (b) A duty of honest and fair dealing and good faith.
(c) A duty to disclose all facts known to the agent materially affecting the value or desirability of the property that are not
known to, or within the diligent attention and observation of, the Parties. An agent is not obligated to reveal to either Party any confidential
information obtained from the other Party which does not involve the affirmative duties set forth above. 

(ii)
 Lessee s Agent . An agent can agree to act as agent for the Lessee only. In these situations, the agent is not the
Lessor s agent, even if by agreement the agent may receive compensation for services rendered, either in full or in part from the
Lessor. An agent acting only for a Lessee has the following affirmative obligations. To the Lessee : A fiduciary duty
of utmost care, integrity, honesty, and loyalty in dealings with the Lessee. To the Lessee and the Lessor : (a) Diligent
exercise of reasonable skills and care in performance of the agent s duties. (b) A duty of honest and fair dealing and good faith.
(c) A duty to disclose all facts known to the agent materially affecting the value or desirability of the property that are not
known to, or within the diligent attention and observation of, the Parties. An agent is not obligated to reveal to either Party any confidential
information obtained from the other Party which does not involve the affirmative duties set forth above. 

(iii)
 Agent Representing Both Lessor and Lessee . A real estate agent, either acting directly or through one or more associate
licenses, can legally be the agent of both the Lessor and the Lessee in a transaction, but only with the knowledge and consent of both
the Lessor and the Lessee. In a dual agency situation, the agent has the following affirmative obligations to both the Lessor and
the Lessee: (a) A fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity, honesty and loyalty in the dealings with either Lessor or the Lessee. (b)
Other duties to the Lessor and the Lessee as stated above in subparagraphs (i) or (ii). In representing both Lessor and Lessee, the agent
may not, without the express permission of the respective Party, disclose to the other Party confidential information, including, but
not limited to, facts relating to either Lessee s or Lessor s financial position, motivations, bargaining position, or other
personal information that may impact rent, including Lessor s willingness to accept a rent less than the listing rent or Lessee s
willingness to pay rent greater than the rent offered. The above duties of the agent in a real estate transaction do not relieve
a Lessor or Lessee from the responsibility to protect their own interests. Lessor and Lessee should carefully read all agreements to
assure that they adequately express their understanding of the transaction. A real estate agent is a person qualified to advise about
real estate. If legal or tax advice is desired, consult a competent professional. Both Lessor and Lessee should strongly consider obtaining
tax advice from a competent professional because the federal and state tax consequences of a transaction can be complex and subject to
change. 

(b)
Brokers have no responsibility with respect to any default or breach hereof by either Party. The Parties agree that no lawsuit or other
legal proceeding involving any breach of duty, error or omission relating to this Lease may be brought against Broker more than one year
after the Start Date and that the liability (including court costs and attorneys fees), of any Broker with respect to any such
lawsuit and/or legal proceeding shall not exceed the fee received by such Broker pursuant to this Lease; provided, however, that the
foregoing limitation on each Broker s liability shall not be applicable to any gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Broker. 

(c)
Lessor and Lessee agree to identify to Brokers as Confidential any communication or information given Brokers that is
considered by such Party to be confidential. 

26.
No Right To Holdover . Lessee has no right to retain possession of the Premises or any part thereof beyond the expiration or termination
of this Lease. At or prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease Lessee shall deliver exclusive possession of the Premises to
Lessor. For purposes of this provision and Paragraph 13.1(a), exclusive possession shall mean that Lessee shall have vacated the Premises,
removed all of its personal property therefrom and that the Premises have been returned in the condition specified in this Lease. In
the event that Lessee does not deliver exclusive possession to Lessor as specified above, then Lessor s damages during any holdover
period shall be computed at the amount of the Rent (as defined in Paragraph 4.1) due during the last full month before the expiration
or termination of this Lease (disregarding any temporary abatement of Rent that may have been in effect), but with Base Rent being
150 of the Base Rent payable during such last full month. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as consent by Lessor to any holding
over by Lessee. 

27.
Cumulative Remedies. No remedy or election hereunder shall be deemed exclusive but shall, wherever possible, be cumulative with all
other remedies at law or in equity. 

28.
Covenants and Conditions; Construction of Agreement. All provisions of this Lease to be observed or performed by Lessee are both
covenants and conditions. In construing this Lease, all headings and titles are for the convenience of the Parties only and shall not
be considered a part of this Lease. Whenever required by the context, the singular shall include the plural and vice versa. This Lease
shall not be construed as if prepared by one of the Parties, but rather according to its fair meaning as a whole, as if both Parties
had prepared it. 

29.
Binding Effect; Choice of Law. This Lease shall be binding upon the Parties, their personal representatives, successors and
assigns and be governed by the laws of the State in which the Premises are located. Any litigation between the Parties hereto concerning
this Lease shall be initiated in the county in which the Premises are located. Signatures to this Lease accomplished by means of electronic
signature or similar technology shall be legal and binding. 

30.
Subordination; Attornment; Non-Disturbance. 

30.1
 Subordination . This Lease and any Option granted hereby shall be subject and subordinate to any ground lease, mortgage, deed of
trust, or other hypothecation or security device (collectively, Security Device ), now or hereafter placed upon the
Premises, to any and all advances made on the security thereof, and to all renewals, modifications, and extensions thereof. Lessee agrees
that the holders of any such Security Devices (in this Lease together referred to as Lender shall have no liability
or obligation to perform any of the obligations of Lessor under this Lease. Any Lender may elect to have this Lease and/or any Option
granted hereby superior to the lien of its Security Device by giving written notice thereof to Lessee, whereupon this Lease and such
Options shall be deemed prior to such Security Device, notwithstanding the relative dates of the documentation or recordation thereof. 

30.2
 Attornment . In the event that Lessor transfers title to the Premises, or the Premises are acquired by another upon the foreclosure
or termination of a Security Device to which this Lease is subordinated (i) Lessee shall, subject to the non-disturbance provisions of
Paragraph 30.3, attorn to such new owner, and upon request, enter into a new lease, containing all of the terms and provisions of this
Lease, with such new owner for the remainder of the term hereof, or, at the election of the new owner, this Lease will automatically
become a new lease between Lessee and such new owner, and (ii) Lessor shall thereafter be relieved of any further obligations hereunder
and such new owner shall assume all of Lessor s obligations, except that such new owner shall not: (a) be liable for any act or
omission of any prior lessor or with respect to events occurring prior to acquisition of ownership; (b) be subject to any offsets
or defenses which Lessee might have against any prior lessor, (c) be bound by prepayment of more than one month s rent, or (d)
be liable for the return of any security deposit paid to any prior lessor which was not paid or credited to such new owner. 

30.3
 Non-Disturbance . With respect to Security Devices entered into by Lessor after the execution of this Lease, Lessee s subordination
of this Lease shall be subject to receiving a commercially reasonable non-disturbance agreement (a Non-Disturbance Agreement from the Lender which Non-Disturbance Agreement provides that Lessee s possession of the Premises, and this Lease, including any
options to extend the term hereof, will not be disturbed so long as Lessee is not in Breach hereof and attorns to the record owner of
the Premises. Further, within 60 days after the execution of this Lease, Lessor shall, if requested by Lessee, use its commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain a Non-Disturbance Agreement from the holder of any pre-existing Security Device which is secured by the Premises.
In the event that Lessor is unable to provide the Non-Disturbance Agreement within said 60 days, then Lessee may, at Lessee s option,
directly contact Lender and attempt to negotiate for the execution and delivery of a Non-Disturbance Agreement. 

30.4
 Self-Executing . The agreements contained in this Paragraph 30 shall be effective without the execution of any further documents;
provided, however, that, upon written request from Lessor or a Lender in connection with a sale, financing or refinancing of the Premises,
Lessee and Lessor shall execute such further writings as may be reasonably required to separately document any subordination, attornment
and/or Non-Disturbance Agreement provided for herein. 

31.
Attorneys Fees. If any Party or Broker brings an action or proceeding involving the Premises whether founded in tort, contract
or equity, or to declare rights hereunder, the Prevailing Party (as hereafter defined) in any such proceeding, action, or appeal thereon,
shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees. Such fees may be awarded in the same suit or recovered in a separate suit, whether
or not such action or proceeding is pursued to decision or judgment. The term, Prevailing Party shall include, without
limitation, a Party or Broker who substantially obtains or defeats the relief sought, as the case may be, whether by compromise, settlement,
judgment, or the abandonment by the other Party or Broker of its claim or defense. The attorneys fees award shall not be computed
in accordance with any court fee schedule, but shall be such as to fully reimburse all attorneys fees reasonably incurred. In
addition, Lessor shall be entitled to attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred in the preparation and service of notices of
Default and consultations in connection therewith, whether or not a legal action is subsequently commenced in connection with such Default
or resulting Breach 200 is a reasonable minimum per occurrence for such services and consultation). 

32.
Lessor s Access; Showing Premises; Repairs. Lessor and Lessor s agents shall have the right to enter the Premises at
any time, in the case of an emergency, and otherwise at reasonable times after reasonable prior notice for the purpose of showing the
same to prospective purchasers, lenders, or tenants, and making such alterations, repairs, improvements or additions to the Premises
as Lessor may deem necessary or desirable and the erecting, using and maintaining of utilities, services, pipes and conduits through
the Premises and/or other premises as long as there is no material adverse effect on Lessee s use of the Premises. All such
activities shall be without abatement of rent or liability to Lessee. 

33.
Auctions. Lessee shall not conduct, nor permit to be conducted, any auction upon the Premises without Lessor s prior written
consent. Lessor shall not be obligated to exercise any standard of reasonableness in determining whether to permit an auction. 

34.
Signs. Lessor may place on the Premises ordinary For Sale signs at any time and ordinary For Lease signs
during the last 6 months of the term hereof. Except for ordinary For Sublease signs which may be placed only on the Premises,
Lessee shall not place any sign upon the Project without Lessor s prior written consent. All signs must comply with all Applicable
Requirements. 

35.
Termination; Merger. Unless specifically stated otherwise in writing by Lessor, the voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by
Lessee, the mutual termination or cancellation hereof, or a termination hereof by Lessor for Breach by Lessee, shall automatically terminate
any sublease or lesser estate in the Premises; provided, however, that Lessor may elect to continue any one or all existing subtenancies.
Lessor s failure within 10 days following any such event to elect to the contrary by written notice to the holder of any such lesser
interest, shall constitute Lessor s election to have such event constitute the termination of such interest. 

36.
Consents. All requests for consent shall be in writing. Except as otherwise provided herein, wherever in this Lease the consent of
a Party is required to an act by or for the other Party, such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Lessor s actual
reasonable costs and expenses (including but not limited to architects , attorneys , engineers and other consultants 
fees) incurred in the consideration of, or response to, a request by Lessee for any Lessor consent, including but not limited to consents
to an assignment, a subletting or the presence or use of a Hazardous Substance, shall be paid by Lessee upon receipt of an invoice and
supporting documentation therefor. Lessor s consent to any act, assignment or subletting shall not constitute an acknowledgment
that no Default or Breach by Lessee of this Lease exists, nor shall such consent be deemed a waiver of any then existing Default or Breach,
except as may be otherwise specifically stated in writing by Lessor at the time of such consent. The failure to specify herein any particular
condition to Lessor s consent shall not preclude the imposition by Lessor at the time of consent of such further or other conditions
as are then reasonable with reference to the particular matter for which consent is being given. In the event that either Party disagrees
with any determination made by the other hereunder and reasonably requests the reasons for such determination, the determining party
shall furnish its reasons in writing and in reasonable detail within 10 business days following such request. 

37.
Guarantor. 

37.1
 Execution . The Guarantors, if any, shall each execute a guaranty in the form most recently published BY AIR CRE. 

37.2
 Default . It shall constitute a Default of the Lessee if any Guarantor fails or refuses, upon request to provide: (a) evidence
of the execution of the guaranty, including the authority of the party signing on Guarantor s behalf to obligate Guarantor, and
in the case of a corporate Guarantor, a certified copy of a resolution of its board of directors authorizing the making of such guaranty,
(b) current financial statements, (c) an Estoppel Certificate, or (d) written confirmation that the guaranty is still in effect. 

38.
Quiet Possession. Subject to payment by Lessee of the Rent and performance of all of the covenants, conditions and provisions on
Lessee s part to be observed and performed under this Lease, Lessee shall have quiet possession and quiet enjoyment of the Premises
during the term hereof. 

39.
Options. If Lessee is granted any option, as defined below, then the following provisions shall apply. 

39.1
 Definition . Option shall mean: (a) the right to extend or reduce the term of or renew this Lease or to extend
or reduce the term of or renew any lease that Lessee has on other property of Lessor; (b) the right of first refusal or first offer
to lease either the Premises or other property of Lessor; (c) the right to purchase, the right of first offer to purchase or the
right of first refusal to purchase the Premises or other property of Lessor. 

39.2
 Options Personal To Original Lessee . Any Option granted to Lessee in this Lease is personal to the original Lessee, and cannot
be assigned or exercised by anyone other than said original Lessee and only while the original Lessee is in full possession of the Premises
and, if requested by Lessor, with Lessee certifying that Lessee has no intention of thereafter assigning or subletting. 

39.3
 Multiple Options . In the event that Lessee has any multiple Options to extend or renew this Lease, a later Option cannot be exercised
unless the prior Options have been validly exercised. 

39.4
 Effect of Default on Options . 

(a)
Lessee shall have no right to exercise an Option: (i) during the period commencing with the giving of any notice of Default and continuing
until said Default is cured, (ii) during the period of time any Rent is unpaid (without regard to whether notice thereof is given Lessee),
(iii) during the time Lessee is in Breach of this Lease, or (iv) in the event that Lessee has been given 3 or more notices of separate
Default, whether or not the Defaults are cured, during the 12 month period immediately preceding the exercise of the Option. 

(b)
The period of time within which an Option may be exercised shall not be extended or enlarged by reason of Lessee s inability to
exercise an Option because of the provisions of Paragraph 39.4(a). 

(c)
An Option shall terminate and be of no further force or effect, notwithstanding Lessee s due and timely exercise of the Option,
if, after such exercise and prior to the commencement of the extended term or completion of the purchase, (i) Lessee fails to pay Rent
for a period of 30 days after such Rent becomes due (without any necessity of Lessor to give notice thereof), or (ii) if Lessee commits
a Breach of this Lease. 

40.
Security Measures. Lessee hereby acknowledges that the Rent payable to Lessor hereunder does not include the cost of guard service
or other security measures, and that Lessor shall have no obligation whatsoever to provide same. Lessee assumes all responsibility for
the protection of the Premises, Lessee, its agents and invitees and their property from the acts of third parties. 

41.
Reservations. Lessor reserves the right: (i) to grant, without the consent or joinder of Lessee, such easements, rights and dedications
that Lessor deems necessary; (ii) to cause the recordation of parcel maps and restrictions; and (iii) to create and/or install new utility
raceways, so long as such easements, rights, dedications, maps, restrictions, and utility raceways do not unreasonably interfere with
the use of the Premises by Lessee. Lessee agrees to sign any documents reasonably requested by Lessor to effectuate such rights. 

42.
Performance Under Protest. If at any time a dispute shall arise as to any amount or sum of money to be paid by one Party to the other
under the provisions hereof, the Party against whom the obligation to pay the money is asserted shall have the right to make payment
 under protest and such payment shall not be regarded as a voluntary payment and there shall survive the right on the part
of said Party to institute suit for recovery of such sum. If it shall be adjudged that there was no legal obligation on the part of said
Party to pay such sum or any part thereof, said Party shall be entitled to recover such sum or so much thereof as it was not legally
required to pay. A Party who does not initiate suit for the recovery of sums paid under protest within 6 months shall be
deemed to have waived its right to protest such payment. 

43.
Authority; Multiple Parties; Execution. 

(a)
If either Party hereto is a corporation, trust, limited liability company, partnership, or similar entity, each individual executing
this Lease on behalf of such entity represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Lease on its
behalf. Each Party shall, within 30 days after request, deliver to the other Party satisfactory evidence of such authority. 

(b)
If this Lease is executed by more than one person or entity as Lessee , each such person or entity shall be jointly and
severally liable hereunder. It is agreed that any one of the named Lessees shall be empowered to execute any amendment to this Lease,
or other document ancillary thereto and bind all of the named Lessees, and Lessor may rely on the same as if all of the named Lessees
had executed such document. 

(c)
This Lease may be executed by the Parties in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. 

44.
Conflict. Any conflict between the printed provisions of this Lease and the typewritten or handwritten provisions shall be controlled
by the typewritten or handwritten provisions. 

45.
Offer . Preparation of this Lease by either party or their agent and submission of same to the other Party shall not be deemed
an offer to lease to the other Party. This Lease is not intended to be binding until executed and delivered by all Parties hereto. 

46.
Amendments. This Lease may be modified only in writing, signed by the Parties in interest at the time of the modification. As long
as they do not materially change Lessee s obligations hereunder, Lessee agrees to make such reasonable non-monetary modifications
to this Lease as may be reasonably required by a Lender in connection with the obtaining of normal financing or refinancing of the Premises. 

47.
Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING INVOLVING THE PROPERTY
OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

48. Arbitration of Disputes. An Addendum requiring the Arbitration of all disputes between the Parties and/or Brokers arising out of this Lease is is not attached to this Lease. 

49.
Accessibility; Americans with Disabilities Act. 

(a)
The Premises: 

have
not undergone an inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp). Note: A Certified Access Specialist (CASp) can inspect the subject
premises and determine whether the subject premises comply with all of the applicable construction-related accessibility standards under
state law. Although state law does not require a CASp inspection of the subject premises, the commercial property owner or lessor may
not prohibit the lessee or tenant from obtaining a CASp inspection of the subject premises for the occupancy or potential occupancy of
the lessee or tenant, if requested by the lessee or tenant. The parties shall mutually agree on the arrangements for the time and manner
of the CASp inspection, the payment of the fee for the CASp inspection, and the cost of making any repairs necessary to correct violations
of construction-related accessibility standards within the premises. 

have
undergone an inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp) and it was determined that the Premises met all applicable construction-related
accessibility standards pursuant to California Civil Code 55.51 et seq. Lessee acknowledges that it received a copy of the inspection
report at least 48 hours prior to executing this Lease and agrees to keep such report confidential. 

have
undergone an inspection by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp) and it was determined that the Premises did not meet all applicable
construction-related accessibility standards pursuant to California Civil Code 55.51 et seq. Lessee acknowledges that it
received a copy of the inspection report at least 48 hours prior to executing this Lease and agrees to keep such report confidential
except as necessary to complete repairs and corrections of violations of construction related accessibility standards. In the event
that the Premises have been issued an inspection report by a CASp the Lessor shall provide a copy of the disability access
inspection certificate to Lessee within 7 days of the execution of this Lease. 

(b)
Since compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other state and local accessibility statutes are dependent upon Lessee s
specific use of the Premises, Lessor makes no warranty or representation as to whether or not the Premises comply with ADA or any similar
legislation. In the event that Lessee s use of the Premises requires modifications or additions to the Premises in order to be
in compliance with ADA or other accessibility statutes, Lessee agrees to make any such necessary modifications and/or additions at Lessee s
expense. 

LESSOR
AND LESSEE HAVE CAREFULLY READ AND REVIEWED THIS LEASE AND EACH TERM AND PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN, AND BY THE EXECUTION OF THIS LEASE
SHOW THEIR INFORMED AND VOLUNTARY CONSENT THERETO. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE THAT, AT THE TIME THIS LEASE IS EXECUTED, THE TERMS OF THIS
LEASE ARE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE AND EFFECTUATE THE INTENT AND PURPOSE OF LESSOR AND LESSEE WITH RESPECT TO THE PREMISES. 

ATTENTION:
NO REPRESENTATION OR RECOMMENDATION IS MADE BY AIR CRE OR BY ANY BROKER AS TO THE LEGAL SUFFICIENCY, LEGAL EFFECT, OR TAX CONSEQUENCES
OF THIS LEASE OR THE TRANSACTION TO WHICH IT RELATES. THE PARTIES ARE URGED TO: 

1.
SEEK ADVICE OF COUNSEL AS TO THE LEGAL AND TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS LEASE. 

2.
RETAIN APPROPRIATE CONSULTANTS TO REVIEW AND INVESTIGATE THE CONDITION OF THE PREMISES. SAID INVESTIGATION SHOULD INCLUDE BUT NOT BE
LIMITED TO: THE POSSIBLE PRESENCE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES, THE ZONING OF THE PREMISES, THE STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY, THE CONDITION OF THE
ROOF AND OPERATING SYSTEMS, COMPLIANCE WITH THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE PREMISES FOR LESSEE S
INTENDED USE. 

WARNING:
IF THE PREMISES ARE LOCATED IN A STATE OTHER THAN CALIFORNIA, CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE LEASE MAY NEED TO BE REVISED TO COMPLY WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE PREMISES ARE LOCATED. 

The
parties hereto have executed this Lease at the place and on the dates specified above their respective signatures. 

Executed
 at: 

Executed
 at: 

On: 

On: 

By
 LESSOR : 
 
 By
 LESSEE : 

Slater
 Palms LLC 

Submersible
 Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation 

By: 

By: 

Name
 Printed: 
 Stephen
 J. Rimel 
 
 Name
 Printed: 
 Christeen
 Buban 
 
 Title: 
 Managing
 Member 
 
 Title: 
 President 
 
 Phone: 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Fax: 

Email: 

Email: 

By: 

By: 

Name
 Printed: 

Name
 Printed: 

Title: 

Title: 

Phone: 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Fax: 

Email: 

Email: 

Address 

Address 

Federal
 ID No.: 

Federal
 ID No.: 

BROKER 
 
 BROKER 

Lee
 Associates -Newport Beach 

Attn: 
 Brad
 Schneider/Nick Krakower 
 
 Attn: 

Title: 
 SVP/Principal
 / Senior Associate 
 
 Title: 

Address: 
 100
 Bayview Circle, Suite 600 
 
 Address 

Newport
 Beach, CA 92660 

Phone: 
 (949)
 724-4708/(949) 724-4720 
 
 Phone: 

Fax: 
 (949)
 623-6308/(949( 6320 
 
 Fax:

Email: 
 bschneider@lee-associates.com/nkrakower@lee-associates.com 
 
 Email: 

Federal
 ID No.: 

Federal
 ID No.: 

Broker
 DRE License #: 
 01197433 
 
 Broker
 DRE License #: 

Agent
 DRE License #: 
 01887613/02100512 
 
 Agent
 DRE License #: 

AIR
CRE https://www.aircre.com 213-687-8777 contracts@aircre.com 

 NOTICE:
No part of these works may be reproduced in any form without permission in writing. 

 Schneider/Submersible
Systems-7413 Slater Avenue-Gross Lease 

ADDENDUM
TO LEASE 

Date: 
 September
 14, 2022 

By
 and Between 

Lessor: 
 Slater
 Palms LLC 

Lessee: 
 Submersible Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation 
 
 Property
 Address: 
 7413
 Slater Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647 

(street
address, city, state, zip) 

Paragraph:
 50-53 

In
the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Addendum and the printed provisions of the Lease, this Addendum shall control. 

50.
Rent Schedule: 

February 1, 2023 - January 31, 2024 
 17,550.00 
 
 February 1, 2024 - January 31, 2025 
 17,550.00 
 
 February 1, 2025 - January 31, 2026 
 18,077.00 
 
 February 1, 2026 - January 31, 2027 
 18,619.00 
 
 February 1, 2027 - January 31, 2028 
 19,177.00 

51.
Lessor Improvements: 

Lessor,
at Lessor s sole cost expense, shall install a new roll up door. 

52.
Operating Expenses: 

The
above mentioned Rent is inclusive of a 0.05/SF Common Area Operating Expense (CAM). Lessee shall not be obligated to pay any additional
CAM charge during the term of the lease. 

53.
Security Deposit: 

The
current Security Deposit on file is 8,450.00. The total Security Deposit required is 19,177.00. Therefore, the Lessee shall pay to
Lessor a Security Deposit equivalent to 10,727.00 upon execution of this lease. 

AIR
CRE https://www.aircre.com 213-687-8777 contracts@aircre.com 

 NOTICE:
No part of these works may be reproduced in any form without permission in writing. 

 Submersible
Systems-7413 Slater Avenue-Gross Lease 

ARBITRATION
AGREEMENT 

 STANDARD
LEASE ADDENDUM 

Dated: 
 September
 14, 2022 

By
 and Between 

Lessor: 
 Slater
 Palms LLC 

Lessee: 
 Submersible Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation 
 
 Property
 Address: 
 7413
 Slater Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647 

(street
address, city, state, zip) 

Paragraph:
 54 

A.
 ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES : 

Except
as provided in Paragraph B below, the Parties agree to resolve any and all claims, disputes or disagreements arising under this Lease,
including, but not limited to any matter relating to Lessor s failure to approve an assignment, sublease or other transfer of Lessee s
interest in the Lease under Paragraph 12 of this Lease, any other defaults by Lessor, or any defaults by Lessee by and through arbitration
as provided below and irrevocably waive any and all rights to the contrary. The Parties agree to at all times conduct themselves in strict,
full, complete and timely accordance with the terms hereof and that any attempt to circumvent the terms of this Arbitration Agreement
shall be absolutely null and void and of no force or effect whatsoever. 

B.
 DISPUTES EXCLUDED FROM ARBITRATION : 

The
following claims, disputes or disagreements under this Lease are expressly excluded from the arbitration procedures set forth herein:
1. Disputes for which a different resolution determination is specifically set forth in this Lease, 2. All claims by either party
which (a) seek anything other than enforcement or determination of rights under this Lease, or (b) are primarily founded upon matters
of fraud, willful misconduct, bad faith or any other allegations of tortious action, and seek the award of punitive or exemplary damages,
3. Claims relating to (a) Lessor s exercise of any unlawful detainer rights pursuant to applicable law or (b) rights or remedies
used by Lessor to gain possession of the Premises or terminate Lessee s right of possession to the Premises, all of which disputes
shall be resolved by suit filed in the applicable court of jurisdiction, the decision of which court shall be subject to appeal pursuant
to applicable law 4. Any claim or dispute that is within the jurisdiction of the Small Claims Court and 5. All claims arising under Paragraph
39 of this Lease. 

C.
 APPOINTMENT OF AN ARBITRATOR : 

All
disputes subject to this Arbitration Agreement, shall be determined by binding arbitration before: a retired judge of the applicable
court of jurisdiction (e.g., the Superior Court of the State of California) affiliated with Judicial Arbitration Mediation
Services, Inc. JAMS ), the American Arbitration Association AAA under its commercial arbitration
rules, , or as may be otherwise mutually agreed by Lessor and Lessee (the Arbitrator ). In the event that the parties
elect to use an arbitrator other than one affiliated with JAMS or AAA then such arbitrator shall be obligated to comply with the
Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes (see: http://www.adr.org/aaa/ShowProperty?nodeId=/UCM/ADRSTG_003867). Such arbitration
shall be initiated by the Parties, or either of them, within ten (10) days after either party sends written notice (the Arbitration
Notice of a demand to arbitrate by registered or certified mail to the other party and to the Arbitrator. The Arbitration
Notice shall contain a description of the subject matter of the arbitration, the dispute with respect thereto, the amount involved, if
any, and the remedy or determination sought. If the Parties have agreed to use JAMS they may agree on a retired judge from the JAMS panel.
If they are unable to agree within ten days, JAMS will provide a list of three available judges and each party may strike one. The remaining
judge (or if there are two, the one selected by JAMS) will serve as the Arbitrator. If the Parties have elected to utilize AAA or some
other organization, the Arbitrator shall be selected in accordance with said organization s rules. In the event the Arbitrator
is not selected as provided for above for any reason, the party initiating arbitration shall apply to the appropriate Court for the appointment
of a qualified retired judge to act as the Arbitrator. 

D.
 ARBITRATION PROCEDURE : 

1.
 PREH-EARING ACTIONS . The Arbitrator shall schedule a pre-hearing conference to resolve procedural matters, arrange for the exchange
of information, obtain stipulations, and narrow the issues. The Parties will submit proposed discovery schedules to the Arbitrator at
the pre-hearing conference. The scope and duration of discovery will be within the sole discretion of the Arbitrator. The Arbitrator shall
have the discretion to order a pre-hearing exchange of information by the Parties, including, without limitation, production of requested
documents, exchange of summaries of testimony of proposed witnesses, and examination by deposition of parties and third-party witnesses.
This discretion shall be exercised in favor of discovery reasonable under the circumstances. The Arbitrator shall issue subpoenas and
subpoenas duces tecum as provided for in the applicable statutory or case law (e.g., in California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1282.6). 

2.
 THE DECISION . The arbitration shall be conducted in the city or county within which the Premises are located at a reasonably convenient
site. Any Party may be represented by counsel or other authorized representative. In rendering a decision(s), the Arbitrator shall determine
the rights and obligations of the Parties according to the substantive laws and the terms and provisions of this Lease. The Arbitrator s
decision shall be based on the evidence introduced at the hearing, including all logical and reasonable inferences therefrom. The Arbitrator
may make any determination and/or grant any remedy or relief that is just and equitable. The decision must be based on, and accompanied
by, a written statement of decision explaining the factual and legal basis for the decision as to each of the principal controverted
issues. The decision shall be conclusive and binding, and it may thereafter be confirmed as a judgment by the court of applicable jurisdiction,
subject only to challenge on the grounds set forth in the applicable statutory or case law (e.g., in California Code of Civil Procedure
Section 1286.2). The validity and enforceability of the Arbitrator s decision is to be determined exclusively by the court of appropriate
jurisdiction pursuant to the provisions of this Lease. The Arbitrator may award costs, including without limitation, Arbitrator s
fees and costs, attorneys fees, and expert and witness costs, to the prevailing party, if any, as determined by the Arbitrator
in his discretion. 

Whenever
a matter which has been submitted to arbitration involves a dispute as to whether or not a particular act or omission (other than a failure
to pay money) constitutes a Default, the time to commence or cease such action shall be tolled from the date that the Notice of Arbitration
is served through and until the date the Arbitrator renders his or her decision. Provided, however, that this provision shall NOT apply
in the event that the Arbitrator determines that the Arbitration Notice was prepared in bad faith. 

Whenever
a dispute arises between the Parties concerning whether or not the failure to make a payment of money constitutes a default, the service
of an Arbitration Notice shall NOT toll the time period in which to pay the money. The Party allegedly obligated to pay the money may,
however, elect to pay the money under protest by accompanying said payment with a written statement setting forth the reasons
for such protest. If thereafter, the Arbitrator determines that the Party who received said money was not entitled to such payment, said
money shall be promptly returned to the Party who paid such money under protest together with Interest thereon as defined in Paragraph
13.5. If a Party makes a payment under protest but no Notice of Arbitration is filed within thirty days, then such protest
shall be deemed waived. (See also Paragraph 42 or 43) 

AIR
CRE https://www.aircre.com 213-687-8777 contracts@aircre.com 

 NOTICE:
No part of these works may be reproduced in any form without permission in writing. 

 Submersible
Systems-7413 Slater Avenue-Gross Lease 

GUARANTY
OF LEASE 

WHEREAS,
 Slater Palms, LLC , hereinafter Lessor , and Submersible Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation 
, hereinafter Lessee , are about to execute a document entitled Lease dated September 14, 2022 concerning
the premises commonly known as (street address, city, state, zip) 7413 Slater Avenue, Huntington Beach, CA 92647 wherein
Lessor will lease the premises to Lessee, and 

WHEREAS,
 Brownie s Marine Group, Inc. hereinafter Guarantors have a financial interest in Lessee, and 

WHEREAS,
Lessor would not execute the Lease if Guarantors did not execute and deliver to Lessor this Guaranty of Lease. 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the execution of said Lease by Lessor and as a material inducement to Lessor to execute said Lease, Guarantors
hereby jointly, severally, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee the prompt payment by Lessee of all rents and all other sums payable
by Lessee under said Lease and the faithful and prompt performance by Lessee of each and every one of the terms, conditions and covenants
of said Lease to be kept and performed by Lessee. 

It
is specifically agreed by Lessor and Guarantors that: (i) the terms of the foregoing Lease may be modified by agreement between Lessor
and Lessee, or by a course of conduct, and (ii) said Lease may be assigned by Lessor or any assignee of Lessor without the consent of
or notice to Guarantors and that this Guaranty shall guarantee the performance of said Lease as so modified. 

This
Guaranty shall not be released, modified or affected by the failure or delay on the part of Lessor to enforce any of the rights
or remedies of the Lessor under said Lease. 

No
notice of default by Lessee under the Lease need be given by Lessor to Guarantors, it being specifically agreed that the guarantee of
the undersigned is a continuing guarantee under which Lessor may proceed immediately against Lessee and/or against Guarantors following
any breach or default by Lessee or for the enforcement of any rights which Lessor may have as against Lessee under the terms of the Lease
or at law or in equity. 

Lessor
shall have the right to proceed against Guarantors following any breach or default by Lessee under the Lease without first proceeding
against Lessee and without previous notice to or demand upon either Lessee or Guarantors. 

Guarantors
hereby waive (a) notice of acceptance of this Guaranty. (b) demand of payment, presentation and protest, (c) all right to assert or plead
any statute of limitations relating to this Guaranty or the Lease, (d) any right to require the Lessor to proceed against the Lessee
or any other Guarantor or any other person or entity liable to Lessor, (e) any right to require Lessor to apply to any default any security
deposit or other security it may hold under the Lease, (f) any right to require Lessor to proceed under any other remedy Lessor may have
before proceeding against Guarantors, (g) any right of subrogation that Guarantors may have against Lessee. 

Guarantors
do hereby subordinate all existing or future indebtedness of Lessee to Guarantors to the obligations owed to Lessor under the Lease and
this Guaranty. 

If
a Guarantor is married, such Guarantor expressly agrees that recourse may be had against his or her separate property for all of the
obligations hereunder. 

The
obligations of Lessee under the Lease to execute and deliver estoppel statements and financial statements, as therein provided, shall
be deemed to also require the Guarantors to provide estoppel statements and financial statements to Lessor. The failure of the Guarantors
to provide the same to Lessor shall constitute a default under the Lease. 

The
term Lessor refers to and means the Lessor named in the Lease and also Lessor s successors and assigns. So long as
Lessor s interest in the Lease, the leased premises or the rents, issues and profits therefrom, are subject to any mortgage or
deed of trust or assignment for security, no acquisition by Guarantors of the Lessor s interest shall affect the continuing
obligation of Guarantors under this Guaranty which shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the mortgagee,
beneficiary, trustee or assignee under such mortgage, deed of trust or assignment and their successors and assigns. 

The
term Lessee refers to and means the Lessee named in the Lease and also Lessee s successors and assigns. 

Any
recovery by Lessor from any other guarantor or insurer shall first be credited to the portion of Lessee s indebtedness to Lessor
which exceeds the maximum liability of Guarantors under this Guaranty. 

No
provision of this Guaranty or right of the Lessor can be waived, nor can the Guarantors be released from their obligations except in
writing signed by the Lessor. 

Any
litigation concerning this Guaranty shall be initiated in a state court of competent jurisdiction in the county in which the leased premises
are located and the Guarantors consent to the jurisdiction of such court. This Guaranty shall be governed by the laws of the State in
which the leased premises are located and for the purposes of any rules regarding conflicts of law the parties shall be treated as if
they were all residents or domiciles of such State. 

In
the event any action be brought by said Lessor against Guarantors hereunder to enforce the obligation of Guarantors hereunder, the unsuccessful
party in such action shall pay to the prevailing party therein a reasonable attorney s fee. The attorney s fee award shall
not be computed in accordance with any court fee schedule, but shall be such as to full reimburse all attorneys fees reasonably
incurred. 

If
any Guarantor is a corporation, partnership, or limited liability company, each individual executing this Guaranty on said entity s
behalf represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized to execute this Guaranty on behalf of such entity. Signatures to this
Guaranty accomplished by means of electronic signature or similar technology shall be legal and binding. 

If
this Form has been filled in, it has been prepared for submission to your attorney for his approval. No representation or recommendation
is made BY AIR CRE, the real estate broker or its agents or employees as to the legal sufficiency, legal effect, or tax consequences
of this Form or the transaction relating thereto. 

SIGNATURE
PAGE TO FOLLOW 

GUARANTORS 

Executed At: 

Brownie s
 Marine Group, Inc. 
 
 On: 

By: 

By: 

Name
 Printed: 
 Christopher
 Constable 
 
 Name
 Printed: 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Title: 

Address: 

Address: 

AIR
CRE https://www.aircre.com 213-687-8777 contracts@aircre.com 

 NOTICE:
No part of these works may be reproduced in any form without permission in writing. 

 Schneider/Submersible
Systems-7413 Slater-Guaranty of Lease 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-21>
 4
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

Subsidiaries 

Trebor
Industries, Inc., a Florida corporation 

Brownie s
High Pressure Compressor Services, Inc., a Florida corporation 

bLU3,
Inc., a Florida corporation 

Submersible
Systems, Inc., a Florida corporation 

Live
Blue, Inc., a Florida corporation 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

OFFICER S
CERTIFICATE PURSU ANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

I,
Christopher H. Constable, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Brownie s Marine Group, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15 (e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 3a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Christopher H. Constable 

Name:
 
 Christopher
 H. Constable 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

OFFICER S
CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

I,
Robert M. Carmichael, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Brownie s Marine Group, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15 (e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 3a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Robert M. Carmichael 

Name:
 
 Robert
 M. Carmichael 

Title: 
 Chairman
 of the Board, President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Brownie s Marine Group, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the
capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
 the Company. 

/s/
 Christopher H. Constable 
 
 Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 Name:
 
 Christopher
 H. Constable 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer 

/s/
 Robert M. Carmichael 

Name:
 
 Robert
 M. Carmichael 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 26
 bwmg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 28
 bwmg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 29
 bwmg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 30
 bwmg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

