<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1066684_0001410578-23-000361.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2340488</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88581</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>454191</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>731488</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>420529</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>596514</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000361.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328132040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000361
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			THEGLOBE COM INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001066684
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				141782422
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25053
		FILM NUMBER:		23767917

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST BROWARD BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954 769 5900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 029006
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33302

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000361.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 tglo-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to________ Commission file number: THEGLOBE.COM, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

STATE OF DELAWARE (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF (I.R.S. EMPLOYER INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION) IDENTIFICATION NO.) , , c/o Toombs Hall and Foster (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report / / If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No Aggregate market value of the voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the close of business as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, June 30, 2022: . Includes voting stock held by third parties, which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by affiliates, but for which such affiliates have disclaimed beneficial ownership. The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock, 0.001 par value (the Common Stock ), as of March 20, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 
 theglobe.com, inc. FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I 2 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 2 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 5 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 5 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 5 PART II 6 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 6 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 6 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 6 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 10 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 19 PART III 20 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 20 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 22 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 23 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 23 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 24 PART IV 25 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 25 

Table of Contents 
 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (with the rules promulgated thereunder, the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (with the rules promulgated thereunder, the Exchange Act ). These statements concern expectations, beliefs, projections, plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology, such as may, will, should, could, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, project, predict, intend, potential or continue or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain such terms. In addition, these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: our need for and ability to obtain additional equity and debt capital financing to continue as a going concern, and the sources of such capital; our estimates with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern; our intent with respect to future dividends; the continued forbearance of certain related parties from making demand for payment under certain contractual obligations of, and loans to, the Company; and our estimates with respect to certain accounting and tax matters. 
 These forward-looking statements reflect our current view about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Unless required by law, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-K or to conform these statements to actual results. We wish to caution readers that certain important factors may have affected and could in the future affect our actual results and could cause actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. A description of risks that could cause our results to vary appears under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The most important factors that could prevent us from achieving our goals, and cause the assumptions underlying forward-looking statements and the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by those forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: our ability to raise additional and sufficient capital; our ability to continue to receive funding from related parties; our ability to successfully estimate the impact of certain accounting and tax matters. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS General theglobe.com, inc. (the Company, theglobe, we or us was incorporated on May 1, 1995 and commenced operations on that date. Originally, we were an online community with registered members and users in the United States and abroad. On September 29, 2008, we consummated the sale of the business and substantially all of the assets of our subsidiary, Tralliance Corporation Tralliance ), to Tralliance Registry Management Company, LLC Tralliance Registry Management ), an entity controlled by Michael S. Egan, our former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result of and on the effective date of the sale of our Tralliance business, which was our last remaining operating business, we became a shell company, as that term is defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, with no material operations or assets. On December 20, 2017, Delfin Midstream LLC Delfin entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with certain of our stockholders for the purchase of a total of 312,825,952 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ), representing approximately 70.9 of our Common Stock. As a shell company, our operating expenses have consisted primarily of, and we expect them to continue to consist primarily of, customary public company expenses, including personnel, accounting, financial reporting, legal, audit and other related public company costs. As of December 31, 2022, as reflected in our accompanying Balance Sheet, our current liabilities exceed our total assets. We prefer to avoid filing for protection under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. However, unless we are successful in raising additional funds through the offering of debt or equity securities, we may not be able to continue to operate as a going concern for any significant length of time in the future. Notwithstanding the above, we currently intend to continue operating as a public company and make all the requisite filings under the Exchange Act. EMPLOYEES As of March 3, 2023, we had no employees. Our executive officer currently devotes very limited time to our business and receives no compensation from us. Our executive officer is an officer, director and/or stockholder of other companies which may have ongoing business relationships with the Company. See the section in this annual report entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors Our management may have other interests that may conflict with the interests of our stockholders. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Relating to Our Business We may not be able to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly, the financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. However, for the reasons described below, we do not believe that cash on hand and cash flow generated internally by us will be adequate to fund our limited overhead and other cash requirements beyond the next twelve months. These reasons raise significant doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm has issued a report that included an explanatory paragraph referring to our significant net losses, working capital deficit and need to raise additional capital, which as it noted raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Delfin, the Company s majority stockholder, has continued to fund the Company through loans to the Company. See the section of this annual report entitled Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a net working capital deficit of approximately 1,087,000. This deficit included accrued expenses of approximately 25,000, accounts payable of approximately 2,000 and approximately 1,067,000 in principal and accrued interest owed under the Promissory Note entered into with Delfin in March 2018 (the Promissory Note which has been subsequently amended and restated. On a short term liquidity basis, we must receive capital contributions or loans from Delfin or its affiliates in order to continue as a going concern. We prefer to avoid filing for protection under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. However, based upon our current financial condition as discussed above, we believe that we will need to raise additional debt or equity capital in order for us to continue to operate as a going concern on a long-term basis. Any such capital would likely come from Delfin, as we currently have no access to credit facilities and have traditionally relied on borrowings from related parties to meet short-term liquidity needs. Any equity capital raised may result in substantial dilution in the number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock. We intend to continue to use the proceeds from the amended and restated Promissory Note and seek other loans from Delfin and related entities, if necessary, to fund our public company operating costs while we explore our options related to the future of theglobe. As of December 31, 2022, we borrowed a total of 861,000 under the amended and restated Promissory Note from Delfin which was amended and restated on December 23, 2022 to increase our borrowing to 906,000. The additional principal amounts were received on January 4, 2023. Our management may have other interests that may conflict with the interests of our stockholders. Mr. Jones became our Chief Executive Officer in 2018. Mr. Jones currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Fairwood, which is a material stockholder of Delfin, our controlling stockholder. Mr. Jones is a material stockholder of Delfin and also maintains directorships, investments and participations with and in other companies and entities, including those that may be involved in the gas and/or energy business. Although there are currently no relationships between the Company and these entities, Mr. Jones, due to his relationship with such entities, will have an inherent conflict of interest in making any decision related to transactions between the related entities and the Company. Furthermore, since Mr. Jones is also the sole member of our Board of Directors (the Board ), our Board presently is not independent. In the event that we have independent directors in the future, we intend to review related party transactions on a case-by-case basis. We currently have no business operations and are a shell company. Immediately following the closing of the Tralliance Purchase Transaction, we became a shell company with no material operations or assets, and no source of revenue other than under the net revenue earn-out arrangement with Tralliance Registry Management. We expect that our future operating expenses as a public shell company will consist primarily of customary public company expenses, including legal, audit and other miscellaneous public company costs which will need to be paid by Delfin. In addition, our lack of operations, assets and current prospects makes it difficult for investors to evaluate our future performance. We may require additional financing to maintain our reporting requirements and administrative expenses. We have no meaningful revenues and are dependent on our cash on hand to fund the costs associated with the reporting obligations under the Exchange Act, and other administrative costs associated with our corporate existence. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net losses of 184,644 and 194,847, respectively. General and administrative expenses include customary public company expenses, including outside legal and audit fees, insurance and other related public company costs. We do not expect to generate any revenues unless and until we commence business operations. In the past, we relied on funding from affiliated creditors and we may need additional funding beyond those sources to continue as a going concern. In the event that our available funds prove to be insufficient, we will be required to seek additional financing. Our failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our ability to pay the legal and audit fees and other administrative costs in order to continue to fulfill our reporting obligations. We do not have any arrangements with any bank or financial institution to secure additional financing and such financing may not be available on terms acceptable and in our best interests, if at all. We may suffer adverse consequences if we are deemed an investment company under the Investment Act of 1940 and we may incur significant costs to avoid investment company status. We do not believe that we are an investment company as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940. If the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, or a court were to disagree with us, we could be required to register as an investment company. This would negatively affect our ability to consummate a potential acquisition of an operating company, subjecting us to disclosure and accounting guidance geared toward investment, rather than operating companies; limiting our ability to borrow money, issue options, issue multiple classes of stock and debt, and engage in transactions with affiliates; and requiring us to undertake significant costs and expenses to meet disclosure and regulatory requirements to which we would be subject as a registered investment company. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock We are controlled by our majority stockholder, which may limit the ability of our other stockholders to influence future corporate action. As of December 31, 2022, our majority stockholder, Delfin Midstream LLC, holds approximately 70.9 of the issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock. Accordingly, Delfin continues to be in a position to control the vote on all corporate actions in the future. The delisting of our Common Stock makes it more difficult for investors to sell shares. The shares of our Common Stock were delisted from the NASDAQ national market in April 2001 and have traded since in the over-the-counter market on what is commonly referred to as the electronic bulletin board or OTCBB. As a result, an investor may find it more difficult to dispose of or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of the securities, if at all. The delisting has made trading our shares more difficult for investors. It has also made it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. We may also incur additional costs under state blue-sky laws if we sell equity due to our delisting. We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock and, consequently, the ability of our stockholders to achieve a return on their investment in our Common Stock will depend on appreciation in the price of our Common Stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock. Any future dividend payment is within the absolute discretion of our Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions, business opportunities, anticipated cash needs, provisions of applicable law and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. We may not generate sufficient cash from operations in the future to pay dividends on our Common Stock. As a result, the success of an investment in our Common Stock will depend on future appreciation in its value. The price of our Common Stock may not appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders purchased shares. If our Common Stock does not appreciate in value, investors could suffer losses in their investment in our Common Stock. Our Common Stock is subject to certain penny stock rules which may make it a less attractive investment. Since the trading price of our Common Stock is less than 5.00 per share and our net tangible assets are less than 2.0 million, trading in our Common Stock is subject to the requirements of Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act. Under Rule 15g-9, brokers who recommend penny stocks to persons who are not established customers and accredited investors, as defined in the Exchange Act, must satisfy special sales practice requirements, including requirements that they make an individualized written suitability determination for the purchaser; and receive the purchaser s written consent prior to the transaction. The Securities Enforcement Remedies and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 also requires additional disclosures in connection with any trades involving a penny stock, including the delivery, prior to any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with that market. Such requirements may severely limit the market liquidity of our Common Stock and the ability of purchasers of our equity securities to sell their securities in the secondary market. For all of these reasons, an investment in our equity securities may not be attractive to our potential investors. As a shell company, we are subject to more stringent reporting requirements. We have no or nominal operations and assets, and pursuant to Rule 405 and Exchange Act Rule 12b-2, we are a shell company. Applicable securities rules prohibit shell companies from using a Form S-8 to register securities pursuant to employee compensation plans. However, the rules do not prevent us from registering securities pursuant to certain other registration statements. Additionally, Form 8-K requires shell companies to provide more detailed disclosure upon completion of a transaction that causes it to cease being a shell company. To the extent we acquire a business in the future, we must file a current report on Form 8-K containing the information required in a registration statement on Form 10, within four business days following completion of the transaction together with financial information of the private operating company. In order to assist the SEC in the identification of shell companies, we are also required to check a box on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K indicating that we are a shell company. To the extent that we are required to comply with additional disclosure because we are a shell company, we may be delayed in executing any mergers or acquiring other assets that would cause us to cease being a shell company. Rule 144 is not generally available to holders of our Common Stock which makes it difficult to resell shares in the future. With limited exceptions related to restrictive securities acquired before we became a shell company, holders of our restricted securities are limited in their ability to resell their securities pursuant to Rule 144. Preclusion from the use of the resale 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 exemption from registration afforded by Rule 144 may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future, and for stockholders to resell their restricted securities. Our need for capital may create additional risks and create dilution to existing stockholders. As mentioned above, we will need to raise additional capital in the future, which may be funded from unrelated third party sources, including the incurring of debt and/or the sale of additional equity securities. In addition, we may require additional financing to fund working capital and operating losses in the future should the need arise. The incurrence of debt creates additional financial leverage and therefore an increase in the financial risk of our operations. The sale of additional equity securities may be dilutive to the interests of our current stockholders. In addition, there can be no assurance that such additional financing, whether debt or equity, will be available to us or that it will be available on acceptable commercial terms. Any inability to secure such additional financing on acceptable terms could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES The Company does not own or lease any property. We currently use the offices of Delfin at no cost to us. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES MARKET INFORMATION Market Information The shares of our Common Stock are quoted for trading on the over-the-counter market on what is commonly referred to as the electronic bulletin board, under the symbol TGLO . The following table sets forth the range of high and low bid prices of our Common Stock for the periods indicated as reported by the over-the-counter market (the electronic bulletin board). The quotations below reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions (prices are rounded to the nearest cent): 

2022 2021 High Low High Low Fourth Quarter 0.84 0.35 0.15 0.05 Third Quarter 0.68 0.07 0.10 0.06 Second Quarter 0.27 0.06 0.15 0.05 First Quarter 0.23 0.06 0.15 0.07 Holders of Common Stock We had approximately 445 holders of record of Common Stock as of March 20, 2023. This does not reflect persons or entities that hold Common Stock in nominee or street name through various brokerage firms. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock since our inception and do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Our Board will determine if we pay any future dividends. Stock Performance Graph As a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we have elected scaled disclosure reporting and therefore are not required to provide the stock performance graph. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Repurchases of Equity Securities None. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA [Reserved] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview As a shell company, we currently have no material operations or assets. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Basis of Presentation of Financial Statements; Going Concern We received a report from our independent registered public accountants, relating to our December 31, 2022 audited financial statements, containing an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. As a shell company, our management believes that we will not be able to generate operating cash flows sufficient to fund our operations and pay our existing current liabilities in the foreseeable future. Based upon our current limited cash resources and without the infusion of additional capital and/or the continued forbearance of our creditors, our management does not believe we can operate as a going concern beyond the next twelve months. See Future and Critical Need for Capital section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further details. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly, our financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. All Note references relate to accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net Revenue Commensurate with the sale of our Tralliance business on September 29, 2008, we became a shell company, and have not had any material operations since then. As a result, net revenue was 0 for both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses include only those customary public company expenses, including outside legal and audit fees, insurance and other related public company costs. General and administrative expenses totaled approximately 120,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 142,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to a decrease in legal fees in the current year as compared to prior year. Related Party Interest Expense Related party interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 64,000 and 53,000, respectively, and consisted of interest due and payable to Delfin under the Bridge Note. The increase is due to an increase in the amount of money borrowed from Delfin. Net Loss Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 185,000 as compared to a net loss of approximately 195,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of decreased legal fees. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Future and Critical Need for Capital The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly, the financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. However, for the reasons described below, our management does not believe that cash on hand and cash flow generated internally by us will be adequate to fund our limited overhead and other cash requirements beyond the next twelve months. These reasons raise significant doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In March 2018, the Company executed a Promissory Note with Delfin, which was amended and restated in May 2018 to 150,000, in November 2018 to 350,000, in June 2019 to 465,000, in November 2019 to 554,100, in August 2020 to 600,000, in February 2021 to 637,500, in June 2021 to 675,000, in October 2021 to 705,000, in January 2022 to 750,000, in April 2022 to 791, 000, in June 2022 to 826,000, in September 2022 to 861,000 and then again on December 23, 2022 to increase the principal amount up to 906,000 to pay certain accrued expenses, accounts payable and to allow the Company to have working capital. The additional principal amounts associated with the December 23, 2022 note amendment were received on January 4, 2023. Interest accrues on the unpaid principal balance at a rate of 8 per annum, calculated on a 365/66 day year, as applicable. The Promissory Note is due upon demand. It may be prepaid in whole or in any part at any time prior to demand. Management anticipates continued funding from Delfin over the next twelve months as it determines the direction of the Company. Delfin, the Company s majority stockholder, has continued to fund the Company through loans to the Company (see Note 3). At December 31, 2022, the Company had a net working capital deficit of approximately 1,087,000. This deficit included accrued expenses of approximately 25,000, accounts payable of approximately 2,000 and approximately 1,067,000 in principal and accrued interest owed under the Promissory Note with Delfin. Cash Flow Items Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022, we had 6,771 in cash as compared to 6,374 as of December 31, 2021. Net cash flows used in operating activities totaled approximately 156,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash flows used in operating activities of approximately 106,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash flows provided by financing activities totaled approximately 156,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to approximately 105,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our current or future financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources. Effects of Inflation Management believes that inflation has not had a significant effect on our results of operations during 2022 and 2021. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Our estimates, judgments and assumptions are continually evaluated based on available information and experience. Because of the use of estimates inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. The Company does not have any critical accounting policies or estimates. Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards Management has determined that all recently issued accounting pronouncements will not have a material impact on our financial statements or do not apply to our operations. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we have elected scaled disclosure reporting and therefore are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA FINANCIAL STATEMENTS THEGLOBE.COM, INC. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 11 BALANCE SHEETS 12 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 13 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 14 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 15 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 16 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of theglobe.com, inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet s of theglobe.com, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2001. March 28, 2023 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 THEGLOBE.COM, INC. BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash Total current assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued interest due to related party Notes payable due to related party Total current liabilities Stockholders Deficit: Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021 -- -- Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit See notes to financial statements. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 THEGLOBE.COM, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net Revenue Operating Expenses: General and administrative Total Operating Expenses Operating Loss ) ) Related party interest expense ) ) Loss from Operations Before Income Taxes ) ) Income Taxes Loss from Operations ) ) Net Loss ) ) Loss Per Share: Basic and Diluted: Continuing Operations Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding See notes to financial statements. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 THEGLOBE.COM, INC. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Additional Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total Balance, January 1, 2021 ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net Loss ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Net Loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) See notes to financial statements. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 THEGLOBE.COM, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net Loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile loss from continuing operations to net cash flows used in operating activities: Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Accrued interest due to related party Net cash flows used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Borrowings on Notes Payable Net cash flows from financing activities Net change in cash ) Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period See notes to financial statements. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 THEGLOBE.COM, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 shares of our common stock, par value per share Common Stock ), representing approximately of our Common Stock. As a shell company, our operating expenses have consisted primarily of, and we expect them to continue to consist primarily of, customary public company expenses, including personnel, accounting, financial reporting, legal, audit and other related public company costs. As of December 31, 2022, as reflected in our accompanying Balance Sheet, our current liabilities exceed our total assets. We prefer to avoid filing for protection under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. However, unless we are successful in raising additional funds through the offering of debt or equity securities, we may not be able to continue to operate as a going concern for any significant length of time in the future. Notwithstanding the above, we currently intend to continue operating as a public company and making all the requisite filings under the Exchange Act. dividend yield; a risk-free interest rate based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of grant; an expected option life based on historical and expected exercise behavior; and expected volatility based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock price, over a time period that is consistent with the expected life of the option. The portion of the value that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the service period. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 potentially dilutive securities and common stock equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. . This deficit included accrued expenses of approximately 25 ,000, accounts payable of approximately and approximately in principal and accrued interest owed under the Promissory Note with Delfin. MANAGEMENT PLANS Management anticipates continued funding from Delfin over the next twelve months as it determines the direction of the Company. , in November 2018 to , in June 2019 to , in November 2019 to , in August 2020 to , in February 2021 to , in June 2021 to , in October 2021 to ,in January 2022 to , in April 2022 to , 000, in June 2022 to , in September 2022 to and then again on December 23, 2022 to increase the principal amount up to to pay certain accrued expenses, accounts payable and to allow the Company to have working capital. The additional principal amounts associated with the December 23, 2022 note amendment were received on January 4, 2023. Interest accrues on the unpaid principal balance at a rate of per annum, calculated on a 365/66 day year, as applicable. The Promissory Note is due upon demand. It may be prepaid in whole or in any part at any time prior to demand. Management anticipates continued funding from Delfin over the next twelve months as it determines the direction of the Company. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 The provision (benefit) for income taxes attributable to continuing operations was as follows: Federal State Deferred: Federal State Provision for income taxes The following is a reconciliation of the federal income tax provision at the federal statutory rate to the Company s tax provision attributable to continuing operations: State income taxes, net of federal benefit Change in valuation allowance ) ) Effective tax rate The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented below. Issuance of warrants Accrued expenses Depreciation and amortization Total gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Because of the Company s lack of earnings history, the net deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. The valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net change in the total valuation allowance was ) and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 , which will carry forward indefinitely. and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and interest expense of approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. on January 4, 2023. The Amended and Restated promissory note are attached as an exhibit. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure (1) that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC rules and forms, and (2) that this information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control and Financial Reporting The Company s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d - 15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with existing policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Our management used the updated Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to perform this evaluation. Based upon this evaluation and management s assessment, management has concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Because we are a smaller public company, we are not required to provide an independent public accountant s attestation report covering our assessment of internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management, which currently consists of Mr. Jones, acting as our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, and has determined there to be no reportable changes. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth the names, ages and current positions with the Company held by our Directors and Executive Officers. 

NAME AGE POSITION OR OFFICE WITH THE COMPANY DIRECTOR SINCE Frederick Jones 75 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director June 29, 2018 We are not aware of any arrangement or understanding between Mr. Jones and any other person pursuant to which he was elected or appointed to his current positions. Neither Mr. Jones nor any immediate family member of Mr. Jones has been a participant in any transaction or currently proposed transaction with the Company that is reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Due to his status as material stockholder of Delfin, which is our controlling stockholder, and his willingness to serve without compensation, we believe Mr. Jones is in the best position to serve as our director until such time that our controlling stockholder determines the direction of the Company. Frederick Jones , 75, has been involved in international commodity trading, energy infrastructure, real estate, and oil and gas businesses for approximately 49 years. Mr. Jones was one of the early investors in U.S. shale gas. For approximately the past nine (9) years, Mr. Jones has served, and continues to serve, as the Chief Executive Officer of Fairwood Peninsula Energy Corporation Fairwood ), a midstream liquefied natural gas company. Fairwood is a material stockholder of our controlling stockholder, Delfin Midstream, Inc. Delfin ). Mr. Jones was a founder of Fairwood and is currently a material Delfin stockholder. He was also a founding stockholder in Marc Rich + Co A.G., Switzerland, now known as Glencore Plc. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Jones will serve as a director until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Company and until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities, to file certain reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the SEC. Such officers, directors, and 10 stockholders are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. Based solely on our review of copies of Forms 3 and 4 and any amendments furnished to us pursuant to Rule 16a-3(e) and any written representations referred to in Item 405(b)(2)(i) of Regulation S-K stating that no Forms 5 were required, we believe that, during the 2022 fiscal year, our officers, directors and all persons owning more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities have complied with all Section 16(a) applicable filing requirements. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and any other persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics will be provided free of charge by the Company to interested parties upon request. Requests should be made in writing and directed to the Company at the following address: 14643 Dallas Parkway, Suite 650, Dallas, TX 75254, Attention: Frederick Jones. Board Meetings Including unanimous written actions of the Board, the Board met 5 times in 2022 Committees Our Company currently does not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. As a shell company, we believe that it is not necessary to have such committees at this time because the Board can adequately perform the functions of such committees. Audit. We believe that our Board can adequately perform the functions of an audit committee. As a smaller reporting company with no material operations or assets, and due to the lack of financial resources available to us, we do not have a Board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K, nor do we have a Board member that qualifies as independent within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards, including any heightened independence requirements specific to audit committee members. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given our lack of material operations or assets. Compensation . Because the Company currently has no material operations and none of its executive officers in 2022 received a salary, we do not believe it is necessary to have a compensation committee at this time. We believe that our Board can adequately perform the functions of a compensation committee. Due to his status as an officer of the Company, our sole director is not independent within the meaning of applicable Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards, including any heightened independence requirements specific to compensation committee members. Director Nominations . As noted above, the Board does not have a separate nominating committee. Rather, our Board considers and nominates directors for election. We do not believe the Company would derive any significant benefit from a separate nominating committee. Due to his status as an officer of the Company, our sole director is not independent as defined in the applicable Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 In recommending director candidates in the future (including director candidates recommended by stockholders), the Board intends to take into consideration such factors as it deems appropriate based on the Company s current needs. These factors may include diversity, age, skills, decision-making ability, inter-personal skills, experience with businesses and other organizations of comparable size, community activities and relationships, and the interrelationship between the candidate s experience and business background, and other Board members experience and business background, whether such candidate would be considered independent, as such term is defined in the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards, as well as the candidate s ability to devote the required time and effort to serve on the Board. The Board will consider for nomination by the Board director candidates recommended by stockholders if the stockholders comply with the following requirements. Under our By-Laws, if a stockholder wishes to nominate a director at the annual meeting, we must receive the stockholder s written notice not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior to the date of the annual meeting, unless we give our stockholders less than 70 days notice of the date of our annual meeting. If we provide less than 70 days notice, then we must receive the stockholder s written notice by the close of business on the 10th day after we provide notice of the date of the annual meeting. The notice must contain the specific information required in our By-Laws. A copy of our By-Laws may be obtained by writing to the Company. If we receive a stockholder s proposal within the time periods required under our By-Laws, we may choose, but are not required, to include it in our proxy statement. If we do, we may tell the other stockholders what we think of the proposal, and how we intend to use our discretionary authority to vote on the proposal. All proposals should be made in writing and sent via registered, certified or express mail, to our executive offices, 14643 Dallas Parkway, Suite 650, Dallas, TX 75254 Attention: Frederick Jones. Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors. Any stockholder who wishes to send communications to the Board should mail them addressed to the intended recipient by name or position in care of: theglobe.com, inc., 14643 Dallas Parkway, Suite 650, Dallas, TX 75254 Attention: Frederick Jones. Upon receipt of any such communications, Mr. Jones will determine the identity of the intended recipient and whether the communication is an appropriate stockholder communication. Then Mr. Jones will send all appropriate stockholder communications to the intended recipient. An appropriate stockholder communication is a communication from a person claiming to be a stockholder in the communication, the subject of which relates solely to the sender s interest as a stockholder and not to any other personal or business interest. In the case of communications addressed to the Board, the Company will send appropriate stockholder communications to the Board. In the case of communications addressed to any particular directors, the Company will send appropriate stockholder communications to such director. Attendance at Annual Meetings The Board encourages, but does not require, its directors to attend the Company s annual meeting of stockholders. The Company did not hold an annual meeting in 2022. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Overview We do not maintain any executive compensation plans or programs. Mr. Jones, our sole executive officer, did not receive compensation for his services in 2022. In addition, all of our stock option plans have been terminated and there were no unexercised equity awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and no Named Executive Officer exercised equity awards during 2022. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE We did not provide any compensation for services to our principal executive officer at any time for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS Directors who are also our employees or officers receive no compensation for serving on our Board. Mr. Jones did not receive a salary, bonus or awards in 2022 for his service on the Board. We reimburse non-employee/non-management directors for all travel and other expenses incurred in connection with attending Board meetings. All of our stock option plans have been terminated and there were no unexercised equity awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 3, 2023 (except as otherwise indicated) by (i) each person who owns beneficially more than 5 of our Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our Named Executive Officers and (iv) all directors and executive officers as a group. A total of 441,480,473 shares of theglobe s Common Stock were issued and outstanding on March 3, 2023. The amounts and percentage of Common Stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has no economic interest. Unless otherwise indicated below, the address of each person or entity named in the table below is in care of theglobe.com, inc., 14643 Dallas Parkway, Suite 650, Dallas, TX 75254. 

SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED TITLE OF DIRECTORS AND NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS NUMBER PERCENT CLASS Frederick Jones All directors and executive officers as a group (1 person) Common 5 STOCKHOLDERS Delfin Midstream Inc.(1) 312,825,952 70.9 Common 

 (1) These shares are owned directly by Delfin Midstream Inc. Delfin Midstream Inc s address is 5949 Sherry Lane, Suite 950, Dallas, TX 752285. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans as of December 31, 2022 All of our stock option plans have been terminated and there were no unexercised equity awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Transactions with Related Persons The following is a summary of transactions, since December 31, 2018, to which we have been a party, in which the amount involved exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and in which any of our directors, executive officers, beneficial holders of more than 5 of our capital stock or certain other related persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Loans In March 2018, the Company executed a Promissory Note with Delfin, which was amended and restated in May 2018 to 150,000, in November 2018 to 350,000, in June 2019 to 465,000, in November 2019 to 554,100, in August 2020 to 600,000, in February 2021 to 637,500, in June 2021 to 675,000, in October 2021 to 705,000, in January 2022 to 750,000, in April 2022 to 791, 000, in June 2022 to 826,000, in September 2022 to 861,000 and then again on December 23, 2022 to increase the principal amount up to 906,000 to pay certain accrued expenses, accounts payable and to allow the Company to have working capital. The additional principal amounts associated with the December 23, 2022 note amendment were received on January 4, 2023. Interest accrues on the unpaid principal balance at a rate of 8 per annum, calculated on a 365/66 day year, as applicable. The Promissory Note is due upon demand. It may be prepaid in whole or in any part at any time prior to demand. Management anticipates continued 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 funding from Delfin over the next twelve months as it determines the direction of the Company. For more information, see the section in this annual report entitled Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Future and Critical Need for Capital. Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons While we have not adopted formal written policies or procedures for consideration of related party transactions, our Board routinely reviews potential transactions with those parties it has identified as related parties prior to the consummation of the transaction. Each transaction is reviewed to determine that a related party transaction is entered into by the Company with the related party on an arms length basis, or pursuant to normal competitive negotiation. Director Independence Mr. Jones is the sole member of our Board and is also an officer of the Company. As such, Mr. Jones is not considered independent within the meaning of applicable the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Audit Fees . The aggregate fees billed by Marcum LLP Marcum ), independent public accountants, for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements during 2022 and 2021 and the reviews of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q and 10-K, as appropriate, were 39,990 for year ended December 31, 2022 and 39,037 for year ended December 31, 2021. Audit-Related Fees . During the last two fiscal years, Marcum did not provide the Company with any services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit of our financial statements. Tax Fees . The aggregate fees billed for tax services provided by Marcum in connection with tax compliance, tax consulting and tax planning services for the year ended 2022 was 743 and 1,716 for the year ended 2021 in connection with tax return preparation and filing. All Other Fees . Except as described above, the Company had no other fees for services provided by Marcum during 2022 and 2021. Pre-Approval of Services by the External Auditor . As described above, our Board performs the functions of an audit committee. The Board will consider annually and, if appropriate, approve the provision of audit services by its external auditor and consider and, if appropriate, pre-approve the provision of certain defined audit and non-audit services. The Board will also consider on a case-by-case basis and, if appropriate, approve specific engagements that are not otherwise pre-approved. The Board pre-approved the audit engagements and tax services billed by the amounts described above. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a). List of all documents filed as part of this report. (1) Financial statements are listed in the index to the financial statements on page 10 of this Report. (2) No financial statement schedules are included because they are not applicable or are not required or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. (3) Exhibit Index 3.1 Form of Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference from our Form S-1/A filed September 15, 1998). 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from our Form SB-2 filed April 16, 2004). 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 29, 2003 (incorporated by reference from our Form SB-2 filed April 16, 2004). 3.6 Form of By-Laws of the Company (incorporated by reference from our Form SB-2 filed April 16, 2004). 3.8 Certificate of Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on December 1, 2004 (incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2004). 4.1 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2020). 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of its Directors and Executive Officers (incorporated by reference from our Form S-1 filed July 24, 1998 (Registration No. 333-59751). 10.2 906,000 Thirteenth Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated December 23, 2022 by and between Delfin Midstream LLC and the Company). 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE X BRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document Filed herewith 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

theglobe.com, inc. Dated: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Frederick Jones Frederick Jones Chief Executive Officer,Chief Financial Officer, and sole Board member 
 26 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 tglo-20221231xex10d2.htm
 EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 THIRTEENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED BRIDGE PROMISSORY NOTE Principal Amount: 906,000.00 Issue Date: December 23, 2022 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED , the undersigned, theglobe.com, inc , a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), with offices located at 14643 Dallas Parkway, Suite 650 c/o Toombs Hall and Foster, Dallas TX 75254, hereby promises to pay to Delfin Midstream Inc. (the Holder ), on order, without demand, in lawful currency of the United States of America, the principal sum of Nine Hundred Six Thousand Dollars and 00/100 906,000.00) (the Loan ), in accordance with the provisions of this promissory note (this Note ). This Note evidences the Loan made by the Holder to the Borrower, and there is no separate loan agreement or other written agreement relating to its terms. 1. Amended and Restated . The parties originally entered into a Bridge Note dated March 9, 2018 in the principal amount of 50,000 (the Original Note ), which Original Note was amended and restated in full pursuant to an Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated May 9, 2018 in the principal amount of 150,000 (the Amended Note ), which was further amended and restated in full pursuant to a Second Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated November 2, 2018 in the principal amount of 350,000 (the Second Amended Note and which was further amended and restated in full pursuant to a Third Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated May 23, 2019 in the principal amount of 465,000 (the Third Amended Note and which was further amended and restated in full pursuant to a Fourth Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated November 1, 2019 in the principal amount of 554,100 (the Fourth Amended Note and which was further amended and restated in full pursuant to a Fifth Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated August 24, 2020 in the principal amount of 600,000 (the Fifth Amended Note and which was further amended and restated in full pursuant to a Sixth Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated February 8, 2021 in the principal amount of 637,500 (the Sixth Amended Note and which was further amended and restated in full pursuant to a Seventh Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated June 11, 2021 in the principal amount of 675,000 (the Seventh Amended Note and which was further amended and restated in full pursuant to an Eighth Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated October 5, 2021 in the principal amount of 705,000 (the Eighth Amended Note and which was further amended and restated in full pursuant to a Ninth Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated January 27, 2022 in the principal amount of 750,000 (the Ninth Amended Note and which was further amended and restated in full pursuant to a Tenth Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated April 6, 2022 in the principal amount of 791,000 (the Tenth Amended Note and which was further amended and restated in full pursuant to an Eleventh Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated June 29, 2022 in the principal amount of 826,000 (the Eleventh Amended Note and which was further amended and restated in full pursuant to a Twelfth Amended and Restated Bridge Promissory Note dated September 28, 2022 in the principal amount of 861,000 (the Twelfth Amended Note ). The Holder and the Borrower hereby agree to amend and restate the Twelfth Amended Note with this Note. 2. Maturity Date . This Note shall be a DEMAND NOTE thereby allowing the Holder to call the Note at any time for any reason or no reason whatsoever requiring the immediate repayment of all principal and accrued and unpaid interest (the Maturity Date ). 3. Prepayment . This Note may be prepaid in whole or part at any time prior to the Maturity Date without penalty and without consent of the Holder. 

4. Interest Rate . Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note at a rate of eight percent (8 per annum and shall be payable on the Maturity Date, calculated on a 365/366 day year, as applicable. 5. Default Interest Rate . The entire unpaid principal balance of the Loan shall bear interest until paid at an annual rate equal to ten percent (10 (the Default Rate upon each of the following: (a) after the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default during the term of this Note, regardless of whether the Holder also elects to accelerate the maturity of the Loan; or (b) from and after demand for payment has been made by the Holder after the Maturity Date in the event the Loan has not been paid in full on or before the Maturity Date; provided , however , that after judgment all such sums shall bear interest at the lesser of the Default Rate or the greatest rate allowed by applicable law for judgments. Any amount of interest which shall be due and owing pursuant to this Section shall be paid on the daily outstanding balance of principal evidenced by this Note and shall be based upon a 365-day year for the actual number of days for which interest is payable, but such interest shall never exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. 6. Maximum Interest Rate . In no event shall any agreed to or actual exaction charge, reserved or taken as an advance or forbearance by the Holder as consideration, exceed the maximum interest rate permitted by law applicable from time to time to the Loan for the use or detention of money or for forbearance in seeking its collection; and the Holder hereby waives any right to demand such excess. If the interest provisions of this Note or any exactions provided for in this Note shall result at any time or for any reason in an effective rate of interest that exceeds the maximum interest rate permitted by applicable law (if any), then without further agreement or notice, the obligation to be fulfilled shall be automatically reduced to such limit and all sums received by the Holder in excess of those lawfully collectible as interest shall be applied against the principal of the Loan immediately upon the Holder s receipt thereof, with the same force and effect as though the Borrower had specifically designated such extra sums to be so applied to principal and the Holder had agreed to accept such extra payment(s) as a premium-free prepayment or prepayments. 7. Events of Default . The entire unpaid principal balance of the Loan and all other sums owing under this Note, shall at the option of the Holder become immediately due and payable without notice or demand upon the occurrence of any one or more of the following events Events of Default ): (a) The failure of the Borrower to pay the principal or other sum when due, which remains unpaid for thirty (30) calendar days; or (b) The Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, file a petition in bankruptcy, apply to or petition any tribunal for the appointment of a custodian, receiver, intervenor or trustee for the Borrower or a substantial part of the Borrower s assets; or (c) The Borrower shall commence any proceeding under any bankruptcy, arrangement or readjustment of debt law or statute of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect; or if any such petition or application shall have been filed or proceeding commenced against the Borrower or if any such custodian, receiver, intervenor or trustee shall have been appointed. 
 - 2 - 

8. Rights and Remedies of Holder . The occurrence of any Event of Default shall allow the Holder, with written notice to Borrower, to: (a) accelerate the maturity of this Note and demand immediate payment of all outstanding principal and other sums due hereunder, and (b) immediately exercise and pursue any rights, privileges, remedies and powers as provided herein or under law. The Holder s rights, privileges, remedies and powers, as provided in this Note are cumulative and concurrent, and may be pursued singly, successively or together against the Borrower at the sole discretion of the Holder. Additionally, the Holder may resort to every other right or remedy available at law and in equity without first exhausting the rights and remedies contained herein, all in the Holder s sole discretion. The Holder s delay in exercising or failure to exercise any rights or remedies to which the Holder may be entitled if any Event of Default occurs shall not constitute a waiver of any of the Holder s rights or remedies with respect to that or any subsequent Event of Default, whether of the same or a different nature, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy by the Holder preclude any other or further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No waiver of any right or remedy by the Holder shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the Holder, nor shall any waiver on one occasion apply to any future occasion, but shall be effective only with respect to the specific occasion addressed in that signed writing. 9. Waiver and Consent . Except as otherwise provided herein, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby: (a) waives demand, presentment, protest, notice of dishonor, suit against or joinder of any other person, and all other requirements necessary to charge or hold the Borrower liable with respect to the Loan; (b) waives any right to immunity or exemption of any property, wherever located, from garnishment, levy, execution, seizure or attachment prior to or in execution of judgment, or sale under execution or other process for the collection of debts; (c) submits to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the State of Delaware for purposes of any action or proceeding under this Note; (d) agrees that the venue of any such action or proceeding may be laid in the County of New Castle, Delaware and waives any claim that the same is an inconvenient forum. Until the Holder receives all sums due under this Note in immediately available funds, the Borrower shall not be released from liability with respect to the Loan unless the Holder expressly releases the Borrower in a writing signed by the Holder. 10. Costs, Indemnities and Expenses . The Borrower agrees to pay all filing fees and similar charges and all costs incurred by the Holder in collecting or securing or attempting to collect or secure the Loan, including reasonable attorneys fees, whether or not involving litigation and/or appellate, administrative or bankruptcy proceedings. In addition to the payment of the documentary stamp taxes due on this Note, the Borrower agrees to pay any applicable intangible taxes or other taxes (except for federal or state income or franchise taxes based on the Holder s net income) which may now or hereafter apply to this Note or any payment made in respect of the Loan, and the Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold the Holder harmless from and against any liability, costs, attorney s fees, penalties, interest or expenses relating to any such taxes, as and when the same may be incurred. 11. Order of Payments . Except as otherwise required by law, payments received by the Holder hereunder shall be applied first against expenses and indemnities and next to accrued but unpaid interest followed by a reduction of the outstanding principal balance of the Loan, except that during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Holder may apply such payments in any order of priority determined by the Holder in its exclusive judgment. 12. Governing Law . This Note shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF, AND VENUE IN, ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW 
 - 3 - 

CASTLE, STATE OF DELAWARE, SOLELY IN RESPECT OF THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND IN RESPECT OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, AND HEREBY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT, AS A DEFENSE IN ANY ACTION FOR THE INTERPRETATION OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF, THAT IT IS NOT SUBJECT THERETO OR THAT SUCH ACTION MAY NOT BE BROUGHT OR IS NOT MAINTAINABLE IN SAID COURTS OR THAT THE VENUE THEREOF MAY NOT BE APPLICABLE OR THAT THIS AGREEMENT MAY NOT BE ENFORCED IN OR BY SAID COURTS, AND THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ACTION SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SAID COURTS. THE PARTIES HEREBY CONSENT TO AND GRANT ANY SUCH COURT JURISDICTION OVER THE PERSON OF SUCH PARTIES AND OVER THE SUBJECT MATTER OF SUCH DISPUTE. 13. Notice . Any notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand, five (5) days following the date of deposit in the United States mail, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or on the delivery date shown on a written verification of delivery provided by a reputable private delivery service, if addressed to the mailing address as set forth in the preamble to this Note or such other address as last provided to the sender by the addressee in accordance with this Section. 14. Assignability . This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. This Note may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. 15. Amendment Provision; Cancellation of Amended Note . The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. The Holder hereby acknowledges and agrees that, with immediate effect as of such effective date, the Amended Note and all indebtedness arising thereunder are hereby cancelled, terminated and superseded in their entirety by this Note. The Holder agrees to deliver the original Amended Note to the Borrower for cancellation. 16. Severability . If any part of this Note is adjudged illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Note that can be given effect without such provision. [ Signature Page Follows ] 
 - 4 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name as of the date first above written. theglobe.com inc., a Delaware corporation By: /s/ Frederick P. Jones Name: Frederick P. Jones Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 [Signature Page to the Thirteenth Amended and Restated Bridge Note] 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tglo-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER I, Frederick Jones, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of theglobe.com, inc., (the Registrant certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of theglobe.com, inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors: a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 28, 2023 /s/ Frederick Jones Name: Frederick Jones Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tglo-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of theglobe.com, inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Frederick Jones, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: March 28, 2023 /s/ Frederick Jones Name: Frederick Jones Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tglo-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 tglo-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 tglo-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 tglo-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 tglo-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

