<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1464790_0001628280-23-008179.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29903794</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>623508</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3255736</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14948847</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5031561</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5440108</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-008179.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315215626
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-008179
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		135
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			B. Riley Financial, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001464790
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				270223495
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37503
		FILM NUMBER:		23736990

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11100 SANTA MONICA BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-884-3737

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11100 SANTA MONICA BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Great American Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090522

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-008179.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 rily-20221231.htm
 10-K

rily-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________ 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 _____________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 ., 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _____________________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. : x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes: o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million. For purposes of this calculation, it has been assumed that all shares of the registrant s common stock held by directors, executive officers and stockholders beneficially owning ten percent or more of the registrant s common stock are held by affiliates. The treatment of these persons as affiliates for purposes of this calculation is not conclusive as to whether such persons are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 
 As of March 1, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. 
 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 47 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 47 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 47 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 48 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 49 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 49 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 77 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 78 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 79 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 79 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 80 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 80 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 81 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 81 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 81 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 81 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 81 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 82 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 89 
 Signatures 
 90 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, seek, may, will, should, could, future, likely, predict, project, potential, continue, estimate and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. You should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are based on the information currently available to us and speak only as of the date on which this Annual Report was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Because these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, there are important factors that could cause actual results, events or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other factors discussed in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 Except as otherwise required by the context, references in this Annual Report to the Company, B. Riley, B. Riley Financial, we, us or our refer to the combined business of B. Riley Financial, Inc. and all of its subsidiaries. 

Explanatory Note 
 
 General 
 Prior to the filing of this Form 10-K, we identified a classification error of dividend income and realized and unrealized gains (losses) on certain investments within revenue in our consolidated statement of operations. The classification error had no impact on our consolidated balance sheet, consolidated statements of equity, and cash flows. 
 Due to the error, on March 15, 2023, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, after considering the recommendation of management and after discussion with our independent registered public accounting firm, Marcum LLP, concluded that the our previously issued audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 and each of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly and year-to-date periods during 2021 and for the first three quarters of the year ending 2022 should no longer be relied upon. The classification error had no impact on our consolidated balance sheet, consolidated statements of equity, cash flows, net income, or earnings per share for the foregoing periods. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K provides restated audited financial information for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements illustrates the impact of the classification error to our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. This Annual Report also provides restated unaudited financial information for the three months ended March 31, 2022, three and six months ended June 30, 2022, and three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 and quarterly unaudited financial information for each of the quarterly and year-to-date periods in the year ended December 31, 2021 included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As such, we have not amended, and do not intend to amend, previously filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The classification error also had no impact on our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet, consolidated statements of equity, cash flows, net income, or earnings per share for the quarterly and year-to-date periods during 2021 and for the first three quarters of the year ending 2022. 
 Internal Control Considerations 
 Management has determined that the restatement described above resulted from a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. For a discussion of management s considerations of our disclosure controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting, and material weaknesses identified, refer to Part II, Item 9A included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 B. Riley Financial, Inc. (Nasdaq: RILY) (the Company is a diversified financial services platform that delivers tailored solutions to meet the strategic, operational, and capital needs of its clients and partners. We operate through several 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, B. Riley that provide investment banking, brokerage, wealth management, asset management, direct lending, business advisory, valuation, and asset disposition services to a broad client base spanning public and private companies, financial sponsors, investors, financial institutions, legal and professional services firms, and individuals. 
 
 The Company opportunistically invests in and acquires companies or assets with attractive risk-adjusted return profiles to benefit our shareholders. We own and operate several uncorrelated consumer businesses and invest in brands on a principal basis. Our approach is focused on high quality companies and assets in industries in which we have extensive knowledge and can benefit from our experience to make operational improvements and maximize free cash flow. Our principal investments often leverage the financial, restructuring, and operational expertise of our professionals who work collaboratively across disciplines. 
 
 We refer to B. Riley as a platform because of the unique composition of our business. Our platform has grown considerably and become more diversified over the past several years. We have increased our market share and expanded the depth and breadth of our businesses both organically and through opportunistic acquisitions. Our increasingly diversified platform enables us to invest opportunistically and to deliver strong long-term investment performance throughout a range of economic cycles. 
 
 Our platform is comprised of more than 2,615 affiliated professionals, including employees and independent contractors. We are headquartered in Los Angeles, California and maintain offices throughout the U.S. including in New York, Chicago, Metro District of Columbia, Atlanta, Boston, Dallas, Metro Detroit, Houston, Memphis, Miami, San Francisco, Boca Raton, and West Palm Beach. 
 
 Our major operating subsidiaries include B. Riley Securities, Inc. BRS ), a full-service middle market investment bank and institutional broker-dealer; B. Riley Wealth Management, Inc. BRWM ), a national boutique wealth management firm and retail broker-dealer; B. Riley Advisory Services, Inc. BR Advisory ), a specialty business advisory and valuation services firm; and B. Riley Retail Solutions, Inc. BR Retail ), a retail liquidation and asset disposition firm. 
 
 B. Riley was founded in 1997 by our Co-Chief Executive Officers Bryant Riley and Tom Kelleher, incorporated in Delaware in 2009, and became publicly listed through its strategic combination with Great American Group, LLC in 2014. 
 
 Our Business Segments 
 
 We report our activities in six reportable business segments: Capital Markets, Wealth Management, Financial Consulting, Auction and Liquidation, Communications, and Consumer segment. The descriptions below illustrate the businesses that comprise our segments. 
 
 Capital Markets Segment 
 
 We provide investment banking and institutional brokerage services to publicly traded and privately held companies, institutional investors, and financial sponsors; fund and asset management services to institutional and high-net-worth individual investors; and direct lending services to middle market companies. 
 
 In addition, we trade equity securities as a principal for our account, including investments in funds managed by our subsidiaries. We maintain an investment portfolio comprised of public and private equities and debt securities. We also opportunistically provide loans to our clients. Our investment approach is value-oriented and represents a core competency of our capital markets strategy. We act as an advisor to our clients, which at times involves complex transactions consistent with our value-oriented investment philosophy. We often provide consulting, capital raising, or investment banking services for companies in which B. Riley may have significant influence through equity ownership, representation on the board of directors (or similar governing body), or both. 
 
 Investment Banking 
 
 We provide a full suite of capital markets and financial advisory services for small- and mid-cap companies and issuers and middle market financial sponsors, as well as larger companies in industries where we have particular expertise. 
 
 Our equity capital markets team provides an array of financing and sector-specific corporate finance solutions focused on the execution of public and private equity offerings. We source, structure, price and allocate underwritten public offerings and private placements spanning initial public offerings IPOs ), secondary and follow-on offerings, at-the-market offerings ATMs ), Rule 144A offerings (pre-public private placements), block trades, and corporate equity repurchase programs. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Our debt capital markets capabilities include the structuring and sourcing of debt financing solutions in public and private capital markets including acting as an underwriter of preferred stock and unsecured notes offerings, convertible and mezzanine debt offerings, and leveraged loans. In addition, we raise capital for private credit and private equity funds focused on the middle market. 
 
 Our investment banking advisory professionals blend deep industry and transaction expertise to execute financial transactions for healthy companies pursuing growth, and for stakeholders of financially distressed companies, both in bankruptcy proceedings and out-of-court transactions. We provide financial advisory and execution services in support of mergers acquisitions M A ), restructuring, and recapitalization. 
 
 Equity Research 
 
 We are widely recognized for our proprietary and thematic approach to equity research. Our research primarily focuses on small- and mid-cap equities that are under-followed by Wall Street. We maintain research coverage for a variety of companies and industry sectors, focused on in-depth analyses of earnings, cash flow, balance sheet strength, and industry outlook involving extensive discussions with key management, competitors, channel partners, and customers. 
 
 Institutional Sales and Trading 
 
 Our institutional equity sales and trading team distributes our proprietary equity research products and communicates our investment recommendations to our client base of institutional investors, executes equity trades on behalf of clients, sells the securities of companies for which we act as an underwriter, and makes a market in over 1,000 securities. We maintain active trading relationships with over 1,000 institutional money managers. 
 
 Securities Lending 
 
 We engage in securities-based lending which involves the borrowing and lending of equity and fixed income securities. 
 
 Proprietary Trading 
 
 We also engage in proprietary trading for strategic investment purposes and to facilitate the execution of client transactions by utilizing the firm s capital. 
 
 Fund Management and Asset Management 
 
 We manage private funds and funds of funds. Our managed funds invest in both public and private equities and debt securities, often leveraging the insight, expertise, and resources of our affiliates. Assets under management AUM for this business totaled over 330.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Direct Lending 
 
 Certain of our affiliates originate and underwrite senior secured loans, second lien secured loan facilities, and unsecured loans to asset-rich middle market public and private U.S. companies. We periodically participate in loans and financing arrangements for entities in which the Company has an equity ownership and representation on the board of directors (or similar governing body). B. Riley may also provide consulting services or investment banking services to raise capital for these companies. 
 
 Investing 
 
 Part of our overall strategy includes identifying attractive investment opportunities where we may seek to control or influence the operations of the companies in which we invest in order to deliver financial and operational improvements designed to maximize free cash flow and, therefore, returns to our shareholders. Our team concentrates on opportunities presented by distressed companies or divisions that exhibit challenging market dynamics. Representative transactions include acquisitions of receivable portfolios, recapitalizations, direct equity investments, debt investments, active minority investments, and buyouts. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 We invest in late-stage private growth companies with a path towards public markets. We participate in rounds by allocating between 1.0-10.0 million as part of a larger round (Series B, C, or D), with an investment horizon targeting 2-3x returns over two to three years. We are not a venture fund; investments are made off-balance sheet and syndicated across B. Riley s investment banking, institutional, and high-net-worth individual client base. 
 
 Wealth Management Segment 
 
 We provide retail brokerage, investment management, and insurance, and tax preparation services to individuals and families, small businesses, non-profits, trusts, foundations, endowments, and qualified retirement plans through a boutique private wealth and investment management firm to meet the individual financial needs and goals of our customers. 
 
 Our experienced financial advisors provide investment management, retirement planning, education planning, wealth transfer and trust coordination, and lending and liquidity solutions. Our investment strategists provide strategies and real-time market views and commentary to help our clients make important and informed financial and investment decisions. AUM in our wealth management segment totaled approximately 23.9 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Financial Consulting Segment 
 
 We provide a variety of specialized advisory services spanning bankruptcy, restructuring, turnaround management, forensic accounting, crisis and litigation support, appraisal and valuation, real estate, and operations management. 
 
 Our financial consulting clients include companies, financial institutions, lenders, financial sponsors, boards of directors, shareholders, creditors, government agencies, municipalities, regulatory agencies, and legal and professional services firms. 
 
 Bankruptcy Restructuring and Turnaround Management 
 
 Professionals in our bankruptcy restructuring and turnaround management group provide restructuring advisory services spanning strategic and operational advisory, turnaround management, Chief Restructuring Officer and interim management, and fiduciary and receivership services. We are often engaged to represent debtors, creditors, committees and lenders in out-of-court restructuring and formal bankruptcy court proceedings. We also act as court-appointed fiduciaries and trustees in chapter 11 and chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
 Forensic Accounting and Litigation Support 
 
 Our services support highly complex, sensitive matters spanning antitrust, competition and class action lawsuits, commercial litigation and construction disputes, valuation disputes, fraud, and internal investigations. We are often called on to assist government agencies such as the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), Department of Justice, and various state and municipalities to investigate allegations and provide expert analyses related to lost profits and financial damages, data analytics, and to provide expert witness testimony in court proceedings. 
 
 Valuation and Appraisal 
 
 We are primarily engaged by major lending institutions, private equity firms, and other providers of capital for valuation services in support of mergers and acquisitions, lending, and other transaction financing activities. Our appraisal professionals offer deep specialization across industries and asset classes, including consumer retail, wholesale and industrial inventory, machinery and equipment, real estate, tax valuation, intellectual property IP ), fixed assets, business and securities, and intangible assets. We conduct over 1,500 independent appraisals annually, many of which include recurring company assignments to support asset-based lending ABL facilities. Our appraisal division s broad client base represents a vast network of companies for which other B. Riley affiliates may also provide services. 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 We provide services to owners, companies, financial institutions, investors, family offices and individuals to support real estate acquisitions and sales, bankruptcy auctions and liquidations, loan sales, transaction financing, restructurings, lease renegotiation, and refinancing. As distressed specialists, the core focus of our business is the restructuring of lease obligations on behalf of healthy and distressed corporate tenants, both in and out-of-court. 
 
 Auction and Liquidation Segment 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We provide retail liquidation services that utilize significant industry experience and a scalable network of independent contractors and advisors to help clients quickly and efficiently dispose of under-performing assets and generate cash from excess inventory by conducting or assisting in retail store closings, going out of business sales, bankruptcy sales, and fixture sales. Financial institutions and other capital providers rely on us to maximize recovery rates in distressed asset sales and in retail bankruptcy situations. Additionally, we work with healthy, mature retailers that utilize our proven inventory management and strategic disposition solutions to close unproductive stores and dispose of surplus inventory and fixtures as existing stores are updated. 
 
 We often conduct large retail liquidations that entail significant capital requirements through collaborative arrangements with other liquidators and provide services to clients on a fee, guarantee or outright purchase basis. Our scale and pool of resources allow us to offer our services across North America as well as parts of Europe, Asia, and Australia. 
 
 We provide equipment management and capital recovery solutions to lenders in various wholesale and industrial industries. Our services include auctions, private treaty, liquidation, valuations, and a host of asset planning and recovery strategies to maximize return. 
 
 Communications Segment 
 
 Our communications portfolio of companies consists of related businesses that we have acquired for attractive risk-adjusted investment return characteristics. We may pursue future acquisitions to expand this portfolio of businesses which currently includes: Lingo Management, LLC Lingo ), a global cloud/unified communications UC and managed service provider; BullsEye Telecom BullsEye ), a single source communications and cloud technology provider; Marconi Wireless Holdings, LLC Marconi Wireless ), a mobile virtual network operator MVNO that provides mobile phone voice, text, and data services and devices; magicJack VocalTec Ltd. magicJack ), a VoIP cloud-based technology and communications provider that offers related devices and subscription services; and United Online, Inc. UOL ), an Internet access provider that offers dial-up, mobile broadband and digital subscriber line DSL services under the NetZero and Juno brands. 
 
 Consumer Segment 
 
 Our Consumer segment consists of Targus Targus and our Brands Brands investment portfolio. Targus is a multinational company that designs, manufactures, and sells consumer and enterprise productivity products with a large business-to-business (B2B) customer client base and global distribution in over 100 countries. The Targus product line includes laptop and tablet cases, backpacks, universal docking stations, and computer accessories. The Company acquired Targus on October 18, 2022. Our brands portfolio is focused on generating revenue through the licensing of trademarks and our brand investments. We hold majority ownership interest in BR Brands, which owns the assets and intellectual property related to licenses of six brands: Catherine Malandrino, English Laundry, Joan Vass, Kensie Girl, Limited Too and Nanette Lepore. Additionally, we maintain significant equity ownership in the Hurley and Justice brands with Bluestar Alliance, LLC. 
 Recent Developments 
 On October 18, 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Targus in a transaction pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). The purchase price consideration totaled 247.5 million, which consisted of 112.7 million in cash, 54.0 million in seller financing, 59.0 million in 6.75 senior notes due 2024, 15.3 million in the issuance of the Company's common stock and stock options, and 6.5 million in deferred payments. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, we used the acquisition method of accounting for this acquisition. Goodwill of 75.8 million and other intangible assets of 89.0 million were recorded as a result of the acquisition. The acquisition offers the potential for accretive growth to our dividend capacity and complements our existing investments in our Consumer segment. To finance part of the acquisition, on October 18, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement with PNC Bank, National Association PNC ), as agent and security trustee for a five-year 28.0 million term loan and a five-year 85.0 million revolver loan. 
 Our Customers 
 We serve retail, corporate, capital providers and individual customers across our services lines. We are primarily engaged for our financial services by corporate customers, including publicly held and privately owned companies, 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 financial institutions, institutional investors, lenders and other capital providers, and legal and other professional services firms. 
 We maintain client relationships with companies and service providers to the consumer goods, industrials, energy, financial services, healthcare, real estate, and technology industries. We provide fund and asset management services and products to institutional, high-net-worth and individual investors. 
 Our communications and consumer businesses primarily provide services and related consumer products to individual customers. 
 Competition 
 We face intense competition across all our business lines. While some competitors are unique to specific service offerings, some competitors cross multiple service offerings. 
 The industry trend toward continued consolidation among financial services companies has significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of many of our competitors. We compete with other investment banks, bank holding companies, brokerage firms, merchant banks, and financial advisory firms. Our focus on our target industries also subjects us to direct competition from several specialty firms and smaller investment banking boutiques that specialize in providing services to these industries. 
 Larger, more diversified and better-capitalized competitors may be better positioned to respond to industry changes, to recruit and retain skilled professionals, to finance acquisitions, to fund internal growth and to compete for market share generally. Many of these firms may offer a wider range of services and products, which may enhance their competitive position relative to us. These firms can also support services and products with other financial services revenues to gain market share, which could result in downward pricing pressure in our businesses. 
 As it relates to our communications businesses, the U.S. market for Internet and broadband services is highly competitive. We compete with numerous providers of broadband services, as well as other dial-up Internet access providers, wireless and satellite service providers, cable service providers, and broadband resellers. We face competition from other manufacturers of smart phones, tablets and other handheld wireless devices. Also, we compete against established alternative voice communication providers, and may face competition from other large, well-capitalized Internet companies. 
 Our consumer and brand businesses compete with companies that own other brands and trademarks, and other consumer brands as these companies could enter into similar licensing arrangements with domestic and international retailers and wholesalers. 
 Existing and potential clients across our businesses can choose from a variety of qualified service providers and products. In a cost-sensitive environment, such competitive arrangements may prevent us from acquiring new clients or new engagements with existing clients. Some of our competitors may be able to negotiate secure alliances with clients and affiliates on more favorable terms and devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns or to the development of technology systems than us. In addition, new technologies and the expansion of existing technologies with respect to the online auction business may increase competitive pressures, including for the services of skilled professionals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors, and these competitive pressures could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Regulation 
 As a financial services provider, we are subject to complex and extensive regulation of most aspects of our business by U.S. federal and state regulatory agencies, self-regulatory organizations and securities exchanges. The laws, rules, and regulations comprising the regulatory framework are constantly changing, as are the interpretation and enforcement of existing laws, rules, and regulations. The effect of any such changes cannot be predicted and may direct the manner of our operations and affect our profitability. 
 Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to regulations governing every aspect of the securities business, including the execution of securities transactions; capital requirements; record-keeping and reporting procedures; relationships with 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 customers, including the handling of cash and margin accounts; the experience of and training requirements for certain employees; and business interactions with firms that are not members of regulatory bodies. 
 Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are registered with the SEC and are members of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). FINRA is a self-regulatory body composed of members such as our broker-dealer subsidiaries that have agreed to abide by the rules and regulations of FINRA. FINRA may expel, fine, and otherwise discipline member firms and their employees. Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are licensed as broker-dealers in all 50 states in the U.S., requiring us to comply with the laws, rules and regulations of each such state. Each state may revoke the license to conduct securities business, fine, and otherwise discipline broker-dealers and their employees. We are also registered with NASDAQ and must comply with its applicable rules. 
 Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are also subject to the SEC s Uniform Net Capital Rule, Rule 15c3-1, which may limit our ability to make withdrawals of capital from our broker-dealer subsidiaries. The Uniform Net Capital Rule sets the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also requires that a portion of its assets be relatively liquid. In addition, our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to certain notification requirements related to withdrawals of excess net capital. 
 The SEC requires broker-dealers to act in the best interest of their customers, and in December 2022, the SEC issued a proposed rule that would establish a best execution standard for broker-dealers and require broker-dealers to, among other things, establish, maintain, and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed to comply with the best execution standard. 
 We are also subject to the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act), which imposes obligations regarding the prevention and detection of money-laundering activities, including the establishment of customer due diligence and customer verification, and other compliance policies and procedures. The conduct of research analysts is also the subject of rulemaking by the SEC, FINRA and the federal government through the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These regulations require certain disclosures by, and restrict the activities of, research analysts and broker-dealers, among others. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in monetary, regulatory and, in the case of the USA Patriot Act, criminal penalties. 
 Our asset management subsidiaries, BRCM, BRAM, and BRWM, are SEC-registered investment advisers, and accordingly subject to regulation by the SEC. Requirements under the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 include record-keeping, advertising and operating requirements, and prohibitions on fraudulent activities. 
 We are subject to federal and state consumer protection laws, including regulations prohibiting unfair and deceptive trade practices. In addition, numerous states and municipalities regulate the conduct of auctions and the liability of auctioneers. We and/or our auctioneers are licensed or bonded in the following states where we conduct, or have conducted, retail, wholesale or industrial asset auctions: California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Ohio, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia and Washington. In addition, we are licensed or obtain permits in cities and/or counties where we conduct auctions, as required. If we conduct an auction in a state where we are not licensed or where reciprocity laws do not exist, we will work with an auctioneer of record in such state. We and/or our real estate professionals are licensed in Illinois, California, Florida and Georgia. When we conduct real estate activities that require licensure in a state where we are not licensed or where reciprocity laws do not exist, we will work with a broker of record in such state. 
 Our communications businesses are subject to a number of international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including, without limitation, those relating to taxation, bulk email or spam advertising, user privacy and data protection, consumer protection, antitrust, export, and unclaimed property. In addition, proposed laws and regulations relating to some or all of the foregoing, as well as to other areas affecting our businesses, are continuously debated and considered for adoption in the U.S. and other countries, and such laws and regulations could be adopted in the future. For additional information, see Risk Factors, which appears in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 magicJack provides broadband telephone services using VoIP technology as well as resells mobile services. In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission FCC or the Commission has asserted limited statutory jurisdiction and regulatory authority over the operations and offerings of providers of broadband telephone services, such as magicJack that offer non-interconnected VoIP services. The scope of the FCC regulations applicable to magicJack s broadband telephone operations and resold mobile services may change. Some of magicJack s operations are also subject to regulation by state public utility commissions. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our consumer businesses conduct operations in a number of countries and is subject to a variety of laws and regulations which vary from country to country. Such laws and regulations include, in addition to environmental regulations described below, tax, import/export and anti-corruption laws, varying accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, import or export restrictions or licensing requirements, trade protection measures, custom duties, tariffs, import or export duties, and other trade barriers, restrictions and regulations. 
 
 Our consumer businesses and their respective contract manufacturers are subject to regulation under various federal, state, local, and foreign laws concerning the environment, including laws addressing governing the manufacturing use and distribution of materials and chemical substances in products, their safe use, and laws restricting the presence of certain substances in electronics products. We could incur costs, including fines and civil or criminal sanctions, and third-party damage or personal injury claims, if we or our contract manufacturers were to violate or become liable under environmental laws. 
 
 We have established systems that facilitate our products compliance with applicable laws and regulations relating to testing, sourcing, traceability, and reporting obligations on a product basis. We require all contract manufacturers to attest to the compliance of the products they manufacture for such laws and regulations, and that the materials they utilize are as specified and tested. By signing a Supplier Hazardous Substance Free Declaration of Conformity to Targus, or other relevant Declaration of Conformity by product type, contract manufacturers confirm that they, and all components utilized in the products they manufacture for us, are in compliance with applicable regulations. 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,210 full time employees across our business and industry verticals, spanning, among others, investment professionals, investment bankers, brokers, advisors, and experts in forensic accounting, appraisal, and asset disposition. Over the past year, we have welcomed colleagues through our acquisitions and attracted top talent to our platform. We graduated our largest intern class to date in 2022, including several who converted into full time roles. The dedication and support of our internal Finance and Accounting, Human Resources, Operations, Technology, Marketing and Communication, and Legal and Compliance teams continue to be paramount to both B. Riley and our clients collective success. 
 We have a world-class team of colleagues across B. Riley. We recognize that our people are our most valuable asset and remain committed to providing the direction, support and resources necessary for our teams to succeed both professionally and personally. We operate in a highly collaborative, competitive, and fast-paced environment with an entrepreneurial culture that empowers our professionals to grow their own way and to succeed through mentorship opportunities. We strive to attract quality talent with the expertise to lead in their respective fields, innovative and independent thinkers who can collaborate on creative ways to better serve our clients and customers, and individuals with the agility to thrive in a fast-paced environment. We believe access to leadership is a critical part of mentoring our associates and the future leaders of our profession across all practices and sectors. 
 In 2019, we launched our Ambassador program to facilitate increased intra and inter-organizational relationships and to identify and support emerging leaders across our organization. Each of our major functional groups selects rising stars within their respective divisions who represent highly motivated individuals who demonstrate their interest to grow with the firm by participating in collaborative knowledge sharing across our divisions and promoting firmwide internal learning and development initiatives across B. Riley. 
 We foster our culture and purpose across our affiliated companies with firmwide initiatives, including our Ambassador Program. We strive to expand our efforts in attracting talent from diverse cultural backgrounds to support the expansion of racial and gender diversity, equity, and inclusion within the industries in which we operate. We participate in targeted job fairs and events to seek out diverse talent recruits. We partner with a nonprofit foundation whose mission is to develop industry education programs that support developing diverse leaders as they prepare to embark upon their careers. We look forward to expanding these and other initiatives to support our efforts. 
 We offer competitive compensation and benefits to support our employees wellbeing and reward strong performance. Our pay-for-performance compensation philosophy is designed to reward employees for achievement and to align employee interests with the firm s long-term growth. Our benefits program includes healthcare, wellness initiatives, retirement offerings, paid time off, and flexible leave arrangements. We also offer all employees access to our employee assistance program, physical health and mental wellness programs, and when possible, support flexible employment arrangements, such as remote work that empower individuals to pursue a work/life balance model that provides personal flexibility while supporting high level of productivity and client service. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Workplace health and safety is a vital to the successful operation of our business. The safety and protection of our employees, visitors, and event attendees is our utmost priority and an integral part of any function or service we provide. We have established a business continuity plan that addresses how we can respond to threats, while ensuring that we can continue to provide quality service to our clients and shareholders at all times. 
 Available Information 
 We maintain a website at www.brileyfin.com. The information on our website is not a part of, or incorporated in, this Annual Report. We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy and information statements, among other reports and filings, with the SEC, and make available, free of charge, on or through our website, such reports and filings and amendments thereto filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The public may obtain copies of these reports and filings and any amendments thereto at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Our Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available for review on our website at http://ir.brileyfin.com/corporategovernance. Each of our directors, employees and officers, including our Chief Executive Officers, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and all of our other principal executive officers, are required to comply with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Any changes to or waiver of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for senior financial officers, executive officers or Directors will be made available on our investor relations website. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Given the nature of our operations and services we provide, and as described in more detail below, a wide range of factors could materially affect our operations and profitability. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known or that are currently considered to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business operations or stock price. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Some of the factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Our revenues and results of operations are volatile and difficult to predict. 
 Conditions in the financial markets and general economic conditions, including increased inflation and a rising interest rate environment, have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to generate business and revenues, which may cause significant fluctuations in our stock price. 
 Our exposure to legal liability is significant and could lead to substantial damages. 
 Financial services firms have been subject to increased scrutiny over the last several years, increasing the risk of financial liability and reputational harm resulting from adverse regulatory actions. 
 The restatement of our previously issued financial statements, the error that resulted in such restatement, the material weaknesses that were identified in our internal control over financial reporting and the determination that our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, could result in loss of investor confidence, shareholder litigation or governmental proceedings or investigations, any of which could cause the market value of our securities to decline or impact our ability to access the capital markets. 
 Our failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business and the price of our common stock and other securities. 
 We may enter into new lines of business, make strategic investments or acquisitions or enter into joint ventures, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties for our business. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our corporate finance and strategic advisory engagements are singular in nature and do not generally provide for subsequent engagements. 
 We have made and may make investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets that often have significantly leveraged capital structures, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time or lose some or all of the principal amount we invest in these activities. 
 We are exposed to credit risk from a variety of our activities, including loans, lines of credit, guarantees and backstop commitments, and we may not be able to fully realize the value of the collateral securing certain of our loans. 
 A substantial portion of our cash flows and net income are dependent upon payments from our investments in receivables. 
 We may incur losses as a result of guarantee based engagements that we enter into in connection with our auction and liquidation solutions business. 
 We depend on financial institutions as primary clients for our financial consulting business. Consequently, the loss of any financial institutions as clients may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Poor investment performance may decrease assets under management and reduce revenues from and the profitability of our asset management business. 
 Dial-up and DSL pay accounts may decline faster than expected and adversely impact our business. 
 If we fail to innovate and develop new products in our consumer businesses in a timely and cost-effective manner for its new and existing product categories, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our consumer businesses purchase key components and products from a limited number of sources, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected if supply were delayed or constrained or if there were shortages of required components. 
 The failure of our licensees to sell products that generate royalties to us, to pay us royalties pursuant to their license agreements with us, or to renew these agreements could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We operate in highly competitive industries. Some of our competitors may have certain competitive advantages, which may cause us to be unable to effectively compete with or gain market share from our competitors. 
 Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 We may be unsuccessful in protecting our proprietary rights or may have to defend ourselves against claims of infringement, which could impair or significantly affect our business. 
 Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control and could also limit the market price of our stock. 
 Because of their significant stock ownership, some of our existing stockholders will be able to exert control over us and our significant corporate decisions. 
 Our common stock price may fluctuate substantially, and your investment could suffer a decline in value. 
 We may not pay dividends regularly or at all in the future. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Our level of indebtedness, and restrictions under such indebtedness, could adversely affect our operations and liquidity. 
 An increase in market interest rates could result in a decrease in the value of our senior notes and increase our future borrowing costs. 
 Risks Related to Global and Economic Conditions and International Operations 
 Our revenues and results of operations are volatile and difficult to predict. 
 Our revenues and results of operations fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, due to a number of factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Our ability to attract new clients and obtain additional business from our existing client base; 
 The number, size and timing of mergers and acquisition transactions, capital raising transactions and other strategic advisory services where we act as an adviser on our Auction and Liquidation and investment banking engagements; 
 The extent to which we acquire assets for resale, or guarantee a minimum return thereon, and our ability to resell those assets at favorable prices; 
 Variability in the mix of revenues from the Auction and Liquidation and Financial Consulting businesses; 
 The rate of decline we experience from our dial-up and DSL Internet access pay accounts in our UOL business as customers continue to migrate to broadband access which provides faster Internet connection and download speeds offered by our competitors; 
 The rate of growth of new service areas; 
 The types of fees we charge clients, or other financial arrangements we enter into with clients; and 
 Changes in general economic and market conditions, including increased inflation and rising interest rates. 
 We have limited or no control over some of the factors set forth above and, as a result, may be unable to forecast our revenues accurately. For example, our investment banking revenues are typically earned upon the successful completion of a transaction, the timing of which is uncertain and beyond our control. A client s acquisition transaction may be delayed or terminated because of a failure to agree upon final terms with the counterparty, failure to obtain necessary regulatory consents or board or stockholder approvals, failure to secure necessary financing, adverse market conditions or unexpected financial or other problems in the business of a client or a counterparty. If the parties fail to complete a transaction on which we are advising or an offering in which we are participating, we will earn little or no revenue from the contemplated transaction. 
 We rely on projections of revenues in developing our operating plans for the future and will base our expectations regarding expenses on these projections and plans. If we inaccurately forecast revenues and/or earnings, or fail to accurately project expenses, we may be unable to adjust our spending in a timely manner to compensate for these inaccuracies and, as a result, may suffer operating losses and such losses could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. If, for any reason, we fail to meet company, investor or analyst projections of revenue, growth or earnings, the market price of the common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Conditions in the financial markets and general economic conditions have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to generate business and revenues, which may cause significant fluctuations in our stock price. 
 Our opportunity to act as underwriter or placement agent could be adversely affected by a reduction in the number and size of capital raising transactions or by competing sources of equity. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The number and size of mergers and acquisitions transactions or other strategic advisory services where we act as adviser could be adversely affected by continued uncertainties in valuations related to asset quality and creditworthiness, volatility in the equity markets, and diminished access to financing. 
 Market volatility could lead to a decline in the volume of transactions that we execute for our customers and, therefore, to a decline in the revenue we receive from commissions and spreads. 
 We have experienced and may experience in the future losses in securities trading activities, or as a result of write-downs in the value of securities that we own, as a result of deteriorations in the businesses or creditworthiness of the issuers of such securities. 
 We have experienced and may experience in the future losses or write downs in the realizable value of our proprietary investments due to the inability of companies we invest in to repay their borrowings. 
 Our access to liquidity and the capital markets could be limited, preventing us from making proprietary investments and restricting our sales and trading businesses. 
 We have incurred, and may incur in the future, unexpected costs or losses as a result of the bankruptcy or other failure of companies for which we have performed investment banking services to honor ongoing obligations such as indemnification or expense reimbursement agreements, or in whom we have invested or to whom we have extended credit. 
 Sudden sharp declines in market values of securities can result in illiquid markets and the failure of counterparties to perform their obligations, which could make it difficult for us to sell securities, hedge securities positions, and invest funds under management. 
 As an introducing broker to clearing firms, we are responsible to the clearing firm and could be held liable for the defaults of our customers, including losses incurred as the result of a customer s failure to meet a margin call. When we allow customers to purchase securities on margin, we are subject to risks inherent in extending credit. This risk increases when a market is rapidly declining and the value of the collateral held falls below the amount of a customer s indebtedness. If a customer s account is liquidated as the result of a margin call, we are liable to our clearing firm for any deficiency. 
 Competition in our investment banking, sales, and trading businesses could intensify as a result of the increasing pressures on financial services companies and larger firms competing for transactions and business that historically would have been too small for them to consider. 
 Market volatility often results in lower prices for securities, which results in reduced management fees calculated as a percentage of assets under management. 
 Market declines could increase claims and litigation, including arbitration claims from customers. 
 Our industry could face increased regulation as a result of legislative or regulatory initiatives. Compliance with such regulation may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. 
 Government intervention may not succeed in improving the financial and credit markets and may have negative consequences for our business. 
 Global economic and political uncertainty could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 
 As a result of the international nature of our business, we are subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in global economic and political conditions. Uncertainty about the effects of current and future economic and political conditions, including acts of war, aggression or terrorism, on us, our customers, suppliers and partners makes it difficult for us to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future investments. Deterioration in economic conditions in any of the countries in which we do business could result in reductions in sales of our products and services and could cause slower or impaired collections on accounts receivable, which may adversely impact our liquidity and financial condition. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 As was observed during the COVID-19 pandemic, a significant outbreak of a contagious disease or other severe public health crisis, could negatively impact the availability of key personnel necessary to conduct our business, and the business and operations of our third-party service providers who perform critical services for our business. Pandemics, epidemics, future highly infectious or contagious diseases, or other severe public health crisis could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 We focus principally on certain sectors of the economy in our investment banking operations, and deterioration in the business environment in these sectors or a decline in the market for securities of companies within these sectors could harm our business. 
 Volatility in the business environment in the industries in which our clients operate or in the market for securities of companies within these industries could adversely affect our financial results and the market value of our common stock. The business environment for companies in some of these industries has been subject to high levels of volatility in recent years, and our financial results have consequently been subject to significant variations from year to year. For example, the consumer goods and services sectors are subject to consumer spending trends, which have been volatile, to mall traffic trends, which have been down, to the availability of credit, and to broader trends such as the rise of Internet retailers. Emerging markets have driven the growth of certain consumer companies but emerging market economies are fragile, subject to wide swings in GDP, and subject to changes in foreign currencies. The technology industry has been volatile, driven by evolving technology trends, by technological obsolescence, by enterprise spending, and by changes in the capital spending trends of major corporations and government agencies around the world. 
 Our investment banking operations focus on various sectors of the economy, and we also depend significantly on private company transactions for sources of revenues and potential business opportunities. Most of these private company clients are initially funded and controlled by private equity firms. To the extent that the pace of these private company transactions slows or the average transaction size declines due to a decrease in private equity financings, difficult market conditions in our target industries or other factors, our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
 Underwriting and other corporate finance transactions, strategic advisory engagements and related sales and trading activities in our target industries represent a significant portion of our investment banking business. This concentration of activity in our target industries exposes us to the risk of declines in revenues in the event of downturns in these industries, such as those due to rising inflation and interest rates. 
 Our businesses may be adversely affected by the disruptions in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and liquidity and higher costs of obtaining credit. 
 In the event existing internal and external financial resources do not satisfy our needs, we would have to seek additional outside financing. The availability of outside financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as our financial condition and results of operations, the availability of acceptable collateral, market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, and the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, all of which are under increased pressure due to recent increases in inflation and the present rising interest rate environment. 
 Widening credit spreads, as well as significant declines in the availability of credit, could adversely affect our ability to borrow on an unsecured basis. Disruptions in the credit markets could make it more difficult and more expensive to obtain funding for our businesses. If our available funding is limited or we are forced to fund our operations at a higher cost, these conditions may require us to curtail our business activities and increase our cost of funding, both of which could reduce our profitability, particularly in our businesses that involve investing and taking principal positions. 
 Liquidity, or ready access to funds, is essential to financial services firms, including ours. Failures of financial institutions have often been attributable in large part to insufficient liquidity. Liquidity is of particular importance to our sales and trading business, and perceived liquidity issues may affect the willingness of our clients and counterparties to engage in sales and trading transactions with us. Our liquidity could be impaired due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects our sales and trading clients, third parties, or us. Further, our ability to sell assets may be impaired if other market participants are seeking to sell similar assets at the same time. 
 Our clients engaging us with respect to mergers and acquisitions often rely on access to the secured and unsecured credit markets to finance their transactions. The lack of available credit and the increased cost of credit could adversely 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 affect the size, volume and timing of our clients merger and acquisition transactions-particularly large transactions-and adversely affect our investment banking business and revenues. 
 Climate change could have a material negative impact on us and our customers and counterparties, and our efforts to address concerns relating to climate change could result in damage to our reputation. 
 Our business, as well as the operations and activities of our customers and counterparties, could be negatively impacted by climate change. Climate change presents both immediate and long-term risks to us and our customers and these risks are expected to increase over time. Climate change may cause extreme weather events that disrupt operations at one or more of our primary locations, which may negatively affect our ability to service and interact with our clients, adversely affect the value of our investments, and reduce the availability of insurance. Climate change and the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy may also have a negative impact on the operations or financial condition of our clients and counterparties, which may decrease revenues from those clients and counterparties and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients and counterparties. In addition, climate change may impact the broader economy, including through disruptions to supply chains. 
 Climate change also exposes us to transition risks associated with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy. Transition risks may result from changes in policies; laws and regulations; technologies; and/or market preferences to address climate change. Such changes could materially, negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or our reputation, in addition to having a similar impact on our customers and counterparties. 
 For example, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our involvement, or our clients involvement, in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. 
 New regulations or guidance relating to climate change, as well as the perspectives of regulators, stockholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding climate change, may affect whether and on what terms and conditions we engage in certain activities or offer certain products. The risks associated with, and the perspective of regulators, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding, climate change are continuing to evolve rapidly, which can make it difficult to assess the ultimate impact on us of climate change-related risks and uncertainties, and we expect that climate change-related risks will increase over time. 
 
 Our third-party contract manufacturers are located across seven countries in Asia, Turkey, and U.S., which could expose us to risks associated with doing business in those geographic areas. 
 
 All of our production is performed by third-party contract manufacturers, including original design manufacturers, in Taiwan, China, Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, India, Korea and Philippines. 
 
 Our global manufacturing suppliers in Asia and other countries could be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation and enforcement of legal standards, strains on available labor pool, changes in labor costs and other employment dynamics, high turnover among skilled employees, infrastructure issues, import-export issues, cross-border intellectual property and technology restrictions, currency transfer restrictions, natural disasters, regional or global pandemics, conflicts or disagreements between the United States and some other countries, labor unrest, and other trade customs and practices that are dissimilar to those in the United States and Europe. 
 
 We depend on overseas third-party suppliers for the manufacture of Targus and magicJack products, and our reputation and results of operations would be harmed if these manufacturers or suppliers fail to meet our requirements. 
 
 Our manufacturers supply substantially all of the raw materials and provide all facilities and labor required to manufacture our products. Within Asia, except for India, the majority of raw materials are from China. If these companies were to terminate their arrangements with us or fail to provide the required capacity and quality on a timely basis, either due to actions of the manufacturers; earthquakes, typhoons, tsunamis, fires, floods, or other natural disasters; COVID-19 or other pandemics; wars or armed conflicts; strains on infrastructure; available labor pools or manufacturing capacity; or the actions of their respective governments, we would be unable to manufacture our products until replacement contract manufacturing services could be obtained. To qualify a new contract manufacturer, familiarize it with our products, quality standards and other requirements, and commence volume production is a costly and time-consuming process. 
 
 Lead times for materials, components and products ordered by us or by our contract manufacturers can vary significantly and depend on factors such as contract terms, demand for an input component, and supplier capacity. From 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 time to time, we have experienced component shortages and extended lead times on semiconductors and other input products used in our finished products. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of components or subcontracted products, or our inability to procure these components or products from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could delay shipment of our products or increase our production costs, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. While we work to address and mitigate such risks, we are exposed to the risks of supply chain disruption which could negatively impact our business. Any material interruption in the manufacture of our products could likely result in delays in shipment, lost sales and revenue, and damage to our reputation in the market, all of which would harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in trade policy and regulations in the United States and other countries, including changes in trade agreements and the imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, may have adverse impacts on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 In recent years, the U.S. government has instituted or proposed changes to international trade policy through the renegotiation, and potential termination, of certain existing bilateral or multilateral trade agreements and treaties with, and the imposition of tariffs on a wide range of products and other goods from China, EMEA, and other countries. Given our contract manufacturing and logistic providers in those countries, policy or regulations changes in the United States or other countries present particular risks for us. 
 
 New or increased tariffs could adversely affect many of our products. There also are risks associated with retaliatory tariffs and resulting trade wars. We cannot predict future trade policy and regulations in the United States and other countries, the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements or treaties, or tariffs and their impact on our business. An escalated trade war could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world economy. To the extent that trade tariffs and other restrictions imposed by the United States or other countries increase the price of, or limit the amount of, our products or components or materials used in our products imported into the United States or other countries, or create adverse tax consequences, the sales, cost, or gross margin of our products may be adversely affected and the demand from our customers for products and services may be diminished. Uncertainty surrounding international trade policy and regulations as well as disputes and protectionist measures could also have an adverse effect on consumer confidence and spending. If we deem it necessary to alter all or a portion of our activities or operations in response to such policies, agreements, or tariffs, our capital and operating costs may increase. 
 
 Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 
 While the majority of our business is conducted in U.S. Dollars, we face some exposure to movements in currency exchange rates. For manufacturing, our components are sourced mainly in U.S. Dollars. 
 
 Our primary exposure to movements in currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and operating expenses worldwide. The weakening of currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar adversely affects the U.S. Dollar value of our non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and earnings. If we raise international pricing to compensate, it could potentially reduce demand for our products, adversely affecting our sales and potentially having an adverse impact on our market share. Margins on sales of our products in non-U.S. Dollar-denominated countries and on sales of products that include components obtained from suppliers in non-U.S. Dollar-denominated countries could be adversely affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations. In some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, we may decide not to raise local prices to fully offset the U.S. Dollar s strengthening, which would adversely affect the U.S. Dollar value of our non-U.S. Dollar-denominated sales and earnings. Competitive conditions in the markets in which we operate may also limit our ability to increase prices in the event of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Conversely, strengthening of currency rates may also increase our product component costs and other expenses denominated in those currencies, adversely affecting operating results. 
 
 As a result, fluctuations in currency exchange rates could and have in the past adversely affected our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Legal Liability, Risk Management, Finance and Accounting 
 Our exposure to legal liability is significant, and could lead to substantial damages. 
 We face significant legal risks in our businesses. These risks include potential liability under securities laws and regulations in connection with our capital markets, asset management and other businesses. The volume and amount of damages claimed in litigation, arbitrations, regulatory enforcement actions and other adversarial proceedings against financial services firms have increased in recent years. We also are subject to claims from disputes with our employees and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 our former employees under various circumstances. Risks associated with legal liability often are difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods of time, making the amount of legal reserves related to these legal liabilities difficult to determine and subject to future revision. Legal or regulatory matters involving our directors, officers or employees in their individual capacities also may create exposure for us because we may be obligated or may choose to indemnify the affected individuals against liabilities and expenses they incur in connection with such matters to the extent permitted under applicable law. In addition, like other financial services companies, we may face the possibility of employee fraud or misconduct. The precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases and there can be no assurance that we will be able to deter or prevent fraud or misconduct. Exposures from and expenses incurred related to any of the foregoing actions or proceedings could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, future results of operations could be adversely affected if reserves relating to these legal liabilities are required to be increased or legal proceedings are resolved in excess of established reserves. 
 We may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 
 We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through operational and compliance reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. Our investing and trading processes seek to balance our ability to profit from investment and trading positions with our exposure to potential losses. While we employ limits, hedging transactions, and other risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate economic and financial outcomes or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. Thus, we may, in the course of our investment and trading activities, incur losses, which may be significant. 
 In addition, we are investing our own capital in our funds and funds of funds as well as principal investing activities, and limitations on our ability to withdraw some or all of our investments in these funds or liquidate our investment positions, whether for legal, reputational, illiquidity or other reasons, may make it more difficult for us to control the risk exposures relating to these investments. 
 Our risk management policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks. 
 Our risk management strategies and techniques may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. We seek to manage, monitor and control our operational, legal and regulatory risk through operational and compliance reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms; however, there can be no assurance that our procedures will be fully effective. Further, our risk management methods may not effectively predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. In addition, some of our risk management methods are based on an evaluation of information regarding markets, clients and other matters that are based on assumptions that may no longer be accurate. A failure to adequately manage our growth, or to effectively manage our risk, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 We are exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will not perform their obligations. These parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure, and breach of contract or other reasons. We are also subject to the risk that our rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all circumstances. As an introducing broker, we could be held responsible for the defaults or misconduct of our customers. These may present credit concerns, and default risks may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, foresee or reasonably guard against. In addition, concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect us. If any of the variety of instruments, processes and strategies we utilize to manage our exposure to various types of risk are not effective, we may incur losses. 
 Our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 As we have expanded the number and scope of our businesses, we increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to our and our funds and clients investment and other activities. Certain of our funds have overlapping investment objectives, including funds which have different fee structures, and potential conflicts may arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate investment opportunities among ourselves and those funds. For example, a decision to acquire material non-public information about a company while pursuing an investment opportunity for a particular fund gives rise to a potential conflict of interest when it results in our having to restrict the ability of the Company or other funds to take any action. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, there may be conflicts of interest regarding investment decisions for funds in which our officers, directors and employees, who have made and may continue to make significant personal investments in a variety of funds, are personally invested. Similarly, conflicts of interest may exist or develop regarding decisions about the allocation of specific investment opportunities between the Company and the funds. 
 We also have potential conflicts of interest with our investment banking and institutional clients including situations where our services to a particular client or our own proprietary or fund investments or interests conflict or are perceived to conflict with a client. It is possible that potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to investor or client dissatisfaction or litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. Appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with one or more potential or actual conflicts of interest. Regulatory scrutiny of, or litigation in connection with, conflicts of interest would have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which would materially adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including as a result of redemptions by our investors from our hedge funds, an inability to raise additional funds and a reluctance of counterparties to do business with us. 
 Financial services firms have been subject to increased scrutiny over the last several years, increasing the risk of financial liability and reputational harm resulting from adverse regulatory actions. 
 Firms in the financial services industry have been operating in a difficult regulatory environment which we expect will become even more stringent in light of recent well-publicized failures of regulators to detect and prevent fraud. The industry has experienced increased scrutiny from a variety of regulators, including the SEC, the NYSE, FINRA and state attorneys general. Penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased substantially over the last several years. This regulatory and enforcement environment has created uncertainty with respect to a number of transactions that had historically been entered into by financial services firms and that were generally believed to be permissible and appropriate. We may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. Each of the regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over us has regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of financial services, including, but not limited to, the authority to fine us and to grant, cancel, restrict or otherwise impose conditions on the right to carry on particular businesses. For example, a failure to comply with the obligations imposed by the Exchange Act on broker-dealers and the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 on investment advisers, including record-keeping, advertising and operating requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on fraudulent activities, or by the Investment Company Act of 1940, could result in investigations, sanctions and reputational damage. We also may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the SEC, other U.S. or foreign governmental regulatory authorities or FINRA or other self-regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have adverse financial effects on us or cause reputational harm to us, which could harm our business prospects. 
 In addition, financial services firms are subject to numerous conflicts of interests or perceived conflicts. The SEC and other federal and state regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts of interest. We have adopted various policies, controls and procedures to address or limit actual or perceived conflicts and regularly review and update our policies, controls and procedures. However, appropriately addressing conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to appropriately address conflicts of interest. Our policies and procedures to address or limit actual or perceived conflicts may also result in increased costs and additional operational personnel. Failure to adhere to these policies and procedures may result in regulatory sanctions or litigation against us. For example, the research operations of investment banks have been and remain the subject of heightened regulatory scrutiny which has led to increased restrictions on the interaction between equity research analysts and investment banking professionals at securities firms. Several securities firms in the U.S. reached a global settlement in 2003 and 2004 with certain federal and state securities regulators and self-regulatory organizations to resolve investigations into the alleged conflicts of interest of research analysts, which resulted in rules that have imposed additional costs and limitations on the conduct of our business. 
 Asset management businesses have experienced a number of highly publicized regulatory inquiries which have resulted in increased scrutiny within the industry and new rules and regulations for mutual funds, investment advisors and broker-dealers. Our subsidiary, B. Riley Capital Management, LLC, is registered as an investment advisor with the SEC and regulatory scrutiny and rulemaking initiatives may result in an increase in operational and compliance costs or the assessment of significant fines or penalties against our asset management business, and may otherwise limit our ability to engage in certain activities. In recent years the Company has experienced significant pricing pressures on trading margins and commissions in debt and equity trading. In the equity and fixed income markets, regulatory requirements and the increased use of electronic trading and alternative trading systems has resulted in greater price transparency, leading to 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 increased price competition and decreased trading margins. The trend toward using alternative trading systems is continuing to grow, which may result in decreased commission and trading revenue, reduce our participation in the trading markets and our ability to access market information, and lead to the creation of new and stronger competitors. In the equity markets, we utilize certain market centers to execute orders on our behalf in exchange for payment for our order flow. Market centers are selected based on their ability to provide liquidity, price improvement, and timely execution for client orders. Increased regulatory scrutiny of payment for order flow may result in a decrease in this type of revenue. Institutional clients also have pressured financial services firms to alter "soft dollar" practices under which brokerage firms bundle the cost of trade execution with research products and services. Some institutions separate (or unbundle payments for research products or services from sales commissions. Institutions subject to MiFID II were required to unbundle such payments commencing January 3, 2018. The SEC s decision to no longer extend regulatory relief from certain arrangements required by MiFID II will increase competitive pressures from those clients which have yet to unbundle payments for research products or services from sales commissions. Should we be unable to reach agreement regarding the terms of unbundling arrangements with institutional clients who are actively seeking such arrangements, this could result in the loss of those clients, which would likely reduce the level of institutional commissions. We believe that price competition and pricing pressures in these and other areas will continue as institutional investors continue to reduce the amounts they are willing to pay, including reducing the number of brokerage firms they use, and some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing fees, commissions or margins. In addition, Congress is currently considering imposing new requirements on entities that securitize assets, which could affect our credit activities. It is impossible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be proposed, or whether any of the proposals will become law. Compliance with any new laws or regulations could make compliance more difficult and expensive and affect the manner in which we conduct business. 
 If we cannot meet our future capital requirements, we may be unable to develop and enhance our services, take advantage of business opportunities and respond to competitive pressures. 
 We may need to raise additional funds in the future to grow our business internally, invest in new businesses, expand through acquisitions, enhance our current services or respond to changes in our target markets. If we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or equity derivative securities, the issuance of these securities could result in dilution to our existing stockholders. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of debt securities, the terms of that debt could impose additional restrictions on our operations or harm our financial condition. Additional financing may be unavailable on acceptable terms. 
 Our ability to use net loss carryovers to reduce our taxable income may be limited. 
 The Company may be limited to the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that may be utilized in future taxable years depending on the Company s actual taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company believes that its net operating loss carryforwards, net of any existing allowances provided, will be utilized in future tax periods before the loss carryforwards expire and it is more-likely-than-not that future taxable earnings will be sufficient to realize its deferred tax assets. However, to the extent that the Company is unable to utilize such net operating losses, it may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations, or to interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations, to which we are subject could adversely affect our financial condition and cash flows. 
 We are subject to taxation in the United States and in some foreign jurisdictions. Our financial condition and cash flows are impacted by tax policy implemented at each of the federal, state, local and international levels. We cannot predict whether any changes to tax laws or regulations, or to interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations, will be implemented in the future or whether any such changes would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and cash flows. However, future changes to tax laws or regulations, or to interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations, could increase our tax burden or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition and cash flows. 
 The restatement of our previously issued financial statements, the error that resulted in such restatement, the material weaknesses that were identified in our internal control over financial reporting and the determination that our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, could result in loss of investor confidence, shareholder litigation or governmental proceedings or investigations, any of which could cause the market value of our securities to decline or impact our ability to access the capital markets. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 As discussed in the "Explanatory Note" and Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, prior to the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we identified a classification error of dividend income and realized and unrealized gains (losses) on certain investments within revenue in our consolidated statement of operations. Due to the error, on March 15, 2023, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, after considering the recommendation of management and after discussion with our independent registered public accounting firm, Marcum LLP, we concluded that our previously issued audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 and each of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly and year-to-date periods during 2021 and for the first three quarters of the year ending 2022 should no longer be relied upon. As a result of the error and restatement, we are subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including unanticipated costs for legal fees, litigation, governmental proceedings or investigations and loss of investor confidence. 
 Management has determined that the restatement described above resulted from a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. We have also identified a material weakness relating to the operating effectiveness of management review controls over key assumptions that are utilized to determine the fair value of intangible assets for new acquisitions and the fair value of reporting units in our assessment of goodwill impairment and a material weakness relating to the operating effectiveness of management's review controls over the income tax provision in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result of the foregoing, we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 For further discussion of the material weaknesses identified and our remediation efforts, see Item 9A, Controls and Procedures. Remediation efforts place a significant burden on management and add increased pressure to our financial resources and processes. If we are unable to successfully remediate our existing, or any future, material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting and disclosures and our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, price of our securities, and ability to access the capital markets through equity or debt issuances could be adversely affected. In addition, we may be subject to governmental investigations and penalties and litigation. 
 We may suffer losses if our reputation is harmed. 
 Our ability to attract and retain customers and employees may be diminished to the extent our reputation is damaged. If we fail, or are perceived to fail, to address various issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could harm our business prospects. These issues include, but are not limited to, appropriately dealing with market dynamics, potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, customer privacy, record-keeping, sales and trading practices, and the proper identification of the legal, reputational, credit, liquidity and market risks inherent in our products and services. Failure to appropriately address these issues could give rise to loss of existing or future business, financial loss, and legal or regulatory liability, including complaints, claims and enforcement proceedings against us, which could, in turn, subject us to fines, judgments and other penalties. In addition, our Capital Markets operations depend to a large extent on our relationships with our clients and reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients. As a result, if a client is not satisfied with our services, it may be more damaging in our business than in other businesses. 
 Misconduct by our employees or by the employees of our business partners could harm us and is difficult to detect and prevent. 
 There have been a number of highly publicized cases involving fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years, and we run the risk that employee misconduct could occur at our firm. For example, misconduct could involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm. It is not always possible to deter misconduct and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. Our ability to detect and prevent misconduct by entities with which we do business may be even more limited. We may suffer reputational harm for any misconduct by our employees or those entities with which we do business. 
 We may enter into new lines of business, make strategic investments or acquisitions or enter into joint ventures, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties for our business. 
 We may enter into new lines of business, make future strategic investments or acquisitions and enter into joint ventures. As we have in the past, and subject to market conditions, we may grow our business by increasing assets under 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 management in existing investment strategies, pursue new investment strategies, which may be similar or complementary to our existing strategies or be wholly new initiatives, or enter into strategic relationships, or joint ventures. In addition, opportunities may arise to acquire or invest in other businesses that are related or unrelated to our current businesses. 
 To the extent we make strategic investments or acquisitions, enter into strategic relationships or joint ventures or enter into new lines of business, we will face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with the required investment of capital and other resources and with combining or integrating operational and management systems and controls and managing potential conflicts. Entry into certain lines of business may subject us to new laws and regulations with which we are not familiar, or from which we are currently exempt, and may lead to increased litigation and regulatory risk. If a new business generates insufficient revenues, or produces investment losses, or if we are unable to efficiently manage our expanded operations, our results of operations will be adversely affected, and our reputation and business may be harmed. In the case of joint ventures, we are subject to additional risks and uncertainties in that we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to, systems, controls and personnel that are not under our control. 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Markets Activities 
 Our corporate finance and strategic advisory engagements are singular in nature and do not generally provide for subsequent engagements. 
 Our investment banking clients generally retain us on a short-term, engagement-by-engagement basis in connection with specific corporate finance, merger and acquisition transactions (often as an advisor in company sale transactions) and other strategic advisory services, rather than on a recurring basis under long-term contracts. As these transactions are typically singular in nature and our engagements with these clients may not recur, we must seek new engagements when our current engagements are successfully completed or are terminated. As a result, high activity levels in any period are not necessarily indicative of continued high levels of activity in any subsequent period. If we are unable to generate a substantial number of new engagements that generate fees from new or existing clients, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Our Capital Markets operations are highly dependent on communications, information and other systems and third parties, and any systems failures could significantly disrupt our capital markets business. 
 Our data and transaction processing, custody, financial, accounting and other technology and operating systems are essential to our capital markets operations. A system malfunction (due to hardware failure, capacity overload, security incident, data corruption, etc.) or mistake made relating to the processing of transactions could result in financial loss, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, reputational damage and constraints on our ability to grow. We outsource a substantial portion of our critical data processing activities, including trade processing and back office data processing. We also contract with third parties for market data and other services. In the event that any of these service providers fails to adequately perform such services or the relationship between that service provider and us is terminated, we may experience a significant disruption in our operations, including our ability to timely and accurately process transactions or maintain complete and accurate records of those transactions. 
 Adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory requirements, client needs, expansion and industry demands also is critical for our business. Introduction of new technologies present new challenges on a regular basis. We have an ongoing need to upgrade and improve our various technology systems, including our data and transaction processing, financial, accounting, risk management and trading systems. This need could present operational issues or require significant capital spending. It also may require us to make additional investments in technology systems and may require us to reevaluate the current value and/or expected useful lives of our technology systems, which could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our internal and outsourced computer systems and networks also is critically important to our business. We take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant. However, our computer systems and software are subject to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other malicious code, inadvertent, erroneous or intercepted transmission of information (including by e-mail), and other events that have had an information security impact. If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize our or our clients or counterparties confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients , our counterparties or third parties operations. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. 
 A disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business due to fire, natural disaster, health emergency (for example, the COVID-19 pandemic), power or communication failure, act of terrorism or war may affect our ability to service and interact with our clients. If we are not able to implement contingency plans effectively, any such disruption could harm our results of operations. 
 The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new technology in the markets in which our market-making business operates may adversely affect this business and may increase competition. 
 The continued growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new technologies is changing our market-making business and presenting new challenges. Securities, futures and options transactions are increasingly occurring electronically, through alternative trading systems. We expect that the trend toward alternative trading systems will continue to accelerate. This acceleration could further increase program trading, increase the speed of transactions and decrease our ability to participate in transactions as principal, which would reduce the profitability of our market-making business. Some of these alternative trading systems compete with our market-making business and with our algorithmic trading platform, and we may experience continued competitive pressures in these and other areas. Significant resources have been invested in the development of our electronic trading systems, which includes our at-the-market business, but there is no assurance that the revenues generated by these systems will yield an adequate return on the investment, particularly given the increased program trading and increased percentage of stocks trading off of the historically manual trading markets. 
 Pricing and other competitive pressures may impair the revenues of our sales and trading business. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenues for our investment banking operations from our sales and trading business. There has been intense price competition and trading volume reduction in this business in recent years. In particular, the ability to execute trades electronically and through alternative trading systems has increased the downward pressure on per share trading commissions and spreads. We expect these trends toward alternative trading systems and downward pricing pressure in the business to continue. We experience competitive pressures in these and other areas in the future as some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by competing on the basis of price or by using their own capital to facilitate client trading activities. In addition, we face pressure from our larger competitors, many of whom are better able to offer a broader range of complementary products and services to clients in order to win their trading business. These larger competitors may also be better able to respond to changes in the research, brokerage and investment banking industries, to compete for skilled professionals, to finance acquisitions, to fund internal growth and to compete for market share generally. As we are committed to maintaining and improving our comprehensive research coverage in our target sectors to support our sales and trading business, we may be required to make substantial investments in our research capabilities to remain competitive. If we are unable to compete effectively in these areas, the revenues of our sales and trading business may decline, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. 
 Some of our large institutional sales and trading clients in terms of brokerage revenues have entered into arrangements with us and other investment banking firms under which they separate payments for research products or services from trading commissions for sales and trading services, and pay for research directly in cash, instead of compensating the research providers through trading commissions (referred to as soft dollar practices). In addition, we have entered into certain commission sharing arrangements in which institutional clients execute trades with a limited number of brokers and instruct those brokers to allocate a portion of the commission directly to us or other broker-dealers for research or to an independent research provider. If more of such arrangements are reached between our clients and us, or if similar practices are adopted by more firms in the investment banking industry, we expect that would increase the competitive pressures on trading commissions and spreads and reduce the value our clients place on high quality research. Conversely, if we are unable to make similar arrangements with other investment managers that insist on separating trading commissions from research products, volumes and trading commissions in our sales and trading business also would likely decrease. 
 Larger and more frequent capital commitments in our trading and underwriting businesses increase the potential for significant losses. 
 Certain financial services firms make larger and more frequent commitments of capital in many of their activities. For example, in order to win business, some investment banks increasingly commit to purchase large blocks of stock from 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 publicly traded issuers or significant stockholders, instead of the more traditional marketed underwriting process in which marketing is typically completed before an investment bank commits to purchase securities for resale. We have participated in this activity and expect to continue to do so and, as a result, we are subject to increased risk. Conversely, if we do not have sufficient regulatory capital to so participate, our business may suffer. Furthermore, we may suffer losses as a result of the positions taken in these transactions even when economic and market conditions are generally favorable for others in the industry. 
 We may commit our own capital as part of our trading business to facilitate client sales and trading activities. The number and size of these transactions may adversely affect our results of operations in a given period. We may also incur significant losses from our sales and trading activities due to market fluctuations and volatility in our results of operations. To the extent that we own assets, i.e., have long positions, in any of those markets, a downturn in the value of those assets or in those markets could result in losses. Conversely, to the extent that we have sold assets we do not own, i.e., have short positions, in any of those markets, an upturn in those markets could expose us to potentially large losses as we attempt to cover our short positions by acquiring assets in a rising market. 
 Our underwriting and market making activities may place our capital at risk. 
 We may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities we purchased as an underwriter at the anticipated price levels. As an underwriter, we also are subject to heightened standards regarding liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite. Further, even though underwriting agreements with issuing companies typically include a right to indemnification in favor of the underwriter for these offerings to cover potential liability from any material misstatements or omissions, indemnification may be unavailable or insufficient in certain circumstances, for example if the issuing company has become insolvent. As a market maker, we may own large positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified. 
 We are subject to net capital and other regulatory capital requirements; failure to comply with these rules would significantly harm our business. 
 Our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the net capital requirements of the SEC, FINRA, and various self-regulatory organizations of which they are members. These requirements typically specify the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also mandate that a significant part of its assets be kept in relatively liquid form. Failure to maintain the required net capital may subject a firm to limitation of its activities, including suspension or revocation of its registration by the SEC and suspension or expulsion by FINRA and other regulatory bodies, and ultimately may require its liquidation. Failure to comply with the net capital rules could have material and adverse consequences, such as: 
 limiting our operations that require intensive use of capital, such as underwriting or trading activities; or 
 restricting us from withdrawing capital from our subsidiaries when our broker-dealer subsidiaries have more than the minimum amount of required capital. This, in turn, could limit our ability to implement our business and growth strategies, pay interest on and repay the principal of our debt and/or repurchase our shares. 
 In addition, a change in the net capital rules or the imposition of new rules affecting the scope, coverage, calculation, or amount of net capital requirements, or a significant operating loss or any large charge against net capital, could have similar adverse effects. 
 Furthermore, our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to laws that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from it to B. Riley Financial, Inc. As a holding company, B. Riley Financial, Inc. depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividend payments, if any, and to fund all payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. As a result, regulatory actions could impede access to funds that B. Riley Financial, Inc. needs to make payments on obligations, including debt obligations, or dividend payments. In addition, because B. Riley Financial, Inc. holds equity interests in the firm s subsidiaries, its rights as an equity holder to the assets of these subsidiaries may not materialize, if at all, until the claims of the creditors of these subsidiaries are first satisfied. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to our Investment Activities 
 We have made and may make investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets that often have significantly leveraged capital structures, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time or lose some or all of the principal amount we invest in these activities. 
 From time to time, we use our capital, including on a leveraged basis, in proprietary investments in both private company and public company securities that may be illiquid and volatile. The equity securities of a privately-held entity in which we make a proprietary investment are likely to be restricted as to resale and are otherwise typically highly illiquid. In the case of fund or similar investments, our investments may be illiquid until such investment vehicles are liquidated. We expect that there will be restrictions on our ability to resell the securities that we acquire for a period of up to one year after we acquire those securities. Thereafter, a public market sale may be subject to volume limitations or dependent upon securing a registration statement for an initial and potentially secondary public offering of the securities. We may make investments that are significant relative to the overall capitalization of the investee company and resales of significant amounts of these securities might be subject to significant limitations and adversely affect the market and the sales price for the securities in which we invest. In addition, our investments may involve entities or businesses with capital structures that have significant leverage. The large amount of borrowing in the leveraged capital structure increases the risk of losses due to factors such as rising inflation, interest rates, downturns in the economy or deteriorations in the condition of the investment or its industry. In the event of defaults under borrowings, the assets being financed would be at risk of foreclosure, and we could lose our entire investment. 
 Even if we make an appropriate investment decision based on the intrinsic value of an enterprise, we cannot assure you that general market conditions will not cause the market value of our investments to decline. For example, a further increase in inflation, interest rates, a general decline in the stock markets, such as the recent declines in the stock markets due to the anticipated rising interest rate environment, or other market and industry conditions adverse to companies of the type in which we invest and intend to invest could result in a decline in the value of our investments or a total loss of our investment. 
 In addition, some of these investments are, or may in the future be, in industries or sectors which are unstable, in distress or undergoing some uncertainty. Further, the companies in which we invest may rely on new or developing technologies or novel business models, or concentrate on markets which are or may be disproportionately impacted by pressures in the financial services and/or mortgage and real estate sectors, have not yet developed and which may never develop sufficiently to support successful operations, or their existing business operations may deteriorate or may not expand or perform as projected. Such investments may be subject to rapid changes in value caused by sudden company-specific or industry-wide developments. Contributing capital to these investments is risky, and we may lose some or all of the principal amount of our investments. There are no regularly quoted market prices for a number of the investments that we make. The value of our investments is determined using fair value methodologies described in valuation policies, which may consider, among other things, the nature of the investment, the expected cash flows from the investment, bid or ask prices provided by third parties for the investment and the trading price of recent sales of securities (in the case of publicly-traded securities), restrictions on transfer and other recognized valuation methodologies. The methodologies we use in valuing individual investments are based on estimates and assumptions specific to the particular investments. Therefore, the value of our investments does not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained by us when such investments are sold. Realizations, if any, at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been reflected on our balance sheet would result in losses of potential incentive income. 
 We are exposed to credit risk from a variety of our activities, including loans, lines of credit, guarantees and backstop commitments, and we may not be able to fully realize the value of the collateral securing certain of our loans. 
 We are generally exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will fail to meet their obligations to us due to numerous causes, including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, or operational failure, among others. Additionally, when we guarantee or backstop the obligations of third parties, we are exposed to the risk that our guarantee or backstop may be called by the holder following a default by the primary obligor, which could cause us to incur significant losses, and, when our obligations are secured, expose us to the risk that the holder may seek to foreclose on collateral pledged by us. 
 We incur credit risk through loans, lines of credit, guarantees and backstop commitments issued to or on behalf of businesses and individuals, and other loans collateralized by a variety of assets, including securities. We have experienced credit losses and bear increased credit risk because we have made loans and commitments to borrowers or issuers engaged 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 in emerging businesses or who lack access to conventional financing who, as a group, may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. For example, we have made loans to borrowers in the cryptocurrency industry and have incurred losses as cryptocurrency prices have declined and participants in the cryptocurrency industry have experienced liquidity issues and we expect to incur further losses in the event that the cryptocurrency market experiences further volatility or liquidity issues or further declines or fails to recover. Our credit risk and credit losses can further increase if our loans or investments are concentrated among borrowers or issuers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries, or geographies. The deterioration of an individually large exposure, for example due to natural disasters, health emergencies or pandemics (like the COVID-19 pandemic), acts of terrorism or war, severe weather events or other adverse economic events, could lead to additional loan loss provisions and/or charges-offs, or credit impairment of our investments, and subsequently have a material impact on our net income and regulatory capital. 
 The amount and duration of our credit exposures have been increasing over the past year, as have the breadth and size of the entities to which we have credit exposures. 
 We permit our clients to purchase securities on margin. During periods of steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing client margin loans may fall below the amount of the purchaser s indebtedness. If clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these margin loans, we may incur losses on those margin transactions. This may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults. 
 Although a substantial amount of our loans to counterparties are protected by holding security interests in the assets or equity interests of the borrower, we may not be able to fully realize the value of the collateral securing our loans due to one or more of the following factors: 
 Our loans may be unsecured, therefore our liens on the collateral, if any, are subordinated to those of the senior secured debt of the borrower, if any. As a result, we may not be able to control remedies with respect to the collateral. 
 The collateral may not be valuable enough to satisfy all of the obligations under our secured loan, particularly after giving effect to the repayment of secured debt of the borrower that ranks senior to our loan. 
 Bankruptcy laws may limit our ability to realize value from the collateral and may delay the realization process. 
 Our rights in the collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in the collateral. 
 The need to obtain regulatory and contractual consents could impair or impede how effectively the collateral would be liquidated and could affect the value received. 
 Some or all of the collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. The liquidity and value of the collateral could be impaired as a result of changing economic conditions, competition, and other factors, including the availability of suitable buyers. 
 We may experience write downs of our investments and other losses related to the valuation of our investments and volatile and illiquid market conditions. 
 In our proprietary investment activities, our concentrated holdings, illiquidity and market volatility may make it difficult to value certain of our investment securities. We have experienced, and may continue to experience in light of factors then prevailing, such as rising interest rates, general economic and market conditions or changes in the financial condition of the applicable issuer, significant downward adjustments in subsequent valuations of securities on our balance sheet. In addition, at the time of any sales and settlements of these securities, the price we ultimately realize will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be materially lower than their current fair value. Any of these factors could require us to take write downs in the value of our investment and securities portfolio, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods. 
 A substantial portion of our cash flows and net income are dependent upon payments from our investments in receivables. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We hold approximately 406.2 million of consumer receivables, which we acquired from home-furnishing retailer W.S. Badcock Corporation Badcock in multiple purchases beginning in December 2021. The collectability of our investments in receivables is a function of many factors including the criteria used to select who is issued credit, the pricing of the credit products, the lengths of the relationships, general economic conditions, the rate at which consumers repay their accounts or become delinquent, and the rate at which consumers borrow funds. Deterioration in these factors would adversely impact our business. In addition, to the extent we have over-estimated collectability, in all likelihood we have over-estimated our financial performance. Some of these concerns are discussed more fully below. 
 Our portfolio of receivables is not diversified and primarily originates from consumers whose creditworthiness is considered less than prime. Our reliance on these receivables may in the future negatively impact our performance. 
 Economic slowdowns increase our credit losses. During periods of economic slowdown or recession, we generally experience an increase in rates of delinquencies and frequency and severity of credit losses. Our actual rates of delinquencies and frequency and severity of credit losses may be comparatively higher during periods of economic slowdown or recession. 
 Because a significant portion of our reported interest income is based on management s estimates of the future performance of receivables to that collateralize 318.1 million of loans receivable, at fair value as of December 31, 2022, differences between actual and expected performance of the receivables may cause fluctuations in interest income. The fair value of these loans and the interest income we report are based on management s estimates of cash flows we expect to receive on receivables that collateralize the loan receivable. The expected cash flows are based on management s estimates of future default rates, payment rates, servicing costs, and charge-offs from the receivables portfolio. These estimates are based on a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control. Substantial differences between actual and expected performance of the receivables can occur and cause fluctuations in the interest income we record. For instance, higher than expected rates of delinquencies and losses from the receivables portfolio could cause interest income to be lower than expected. 
 Our recent and ongoing investment in consumer credit receivables may not be indicative of our ability to grow such receivables in the future. Additionally, even if such receivables continue to increase, the rate of such growth could decline. If we cannot manage the growth in receivables effectively, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Furthermore, reliance upon our relationship with a single retailer may adversely affect our revenues and operating results from our receivables portfolio. 
 Changes to consumer protection laws or changes in their interpretation may impede collection efforts or otherwise adversely impact us or the originator of our receivables. 
 Federal and state consumer protection laws regulate the creation and enforcement of consumer receivables and other loans. Many of these laws (and the related regulations) are focused on non-prime lenders and are intended to prohibit or curtail industry-standard practices as well as non-standard practices. For instance, Congress enacted legislation that regulates loans to military personnel through imposing interest rate and other limitations and requiring new disclosures, all as regulated by the Department of Defense. Similarly, in 2009, Congress enacted legislation that required changes to a variety of marketing, billing, and collection practices, and the Federal Reserve adopted significant changes to a number of practices through its issuance of regulations. Badcock originated the transactions that underlie the receivables we have purchased and may continue to purchase. Furthermore, we rely on Badcock to service our receivables portfolio. We depend on Badcock to comply with all applicable laws and regulations applicable to our receivables portfolio, and for Badcock to adapt to changing laws and regulations. Furthermore, if Badcock becomes unable or unwilling to continue to service our receivables portfolio, we will likely need to engage another third party to provide such services, which could cause us to incur unanticipated costs. Changes in the consumer protection laws could result in the following: 
 receivables not originated in compliance with law (or revised interpretations) could become unenforceable and uncollectible under their terms against the obligors; 
 the servicer may be required to credit or refund previously collected amounts, resulting in a reduction in amounts paid to us; 
 certain fees and finance charges could be limited, prohibited, or restricted, reducing the profitability of certain investments in receivables; 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 certain collection methods could be prohibited, forcing the parties that service our receivables portfolio to revise their practices or adopt more costly or less effective practices; 
 limitations on the servicer's ability to recover on charged-off receivables regardless of any act or omission on their or our part; 
 some credit products and services could be banned in certain states or at the federal level; 
 federal or state bankruptcy or debtor relief laws could offer additional protections to consumers seeking bankruptcy protection, providing a court greater leeway to reduce or discharge amounts owed; and 
 a reduction in our ability or willingness to invest in receivables arising under loans to certain consumers, such as military personnel. 
 Risks Related to our Auction and Liquidation Activities 
 We may incur losses as a result of guarantee based engagements that we enter into in connection with our auction and liquidation solutions business. 
 In many instances, in order to secure an engagement, we are required to bid for that engagement by guaranteeing to the client a minimum amount that such client will receive from the sale of inventory or assets. Our bid is based on a variety of factors, including: our experience, expertise, perceived value added by engagement, valuation of the inventory or assets and the prices we believe potential buyers would be willing to pay for such inventory or assets. An inaccurate estimate of any of the above or inaccurate valuation of the assets or inventory could result in us submitting a bid that exceeds the realizable proceeds from any engagement. If the liquidation proceeds, net of direct operating expenses, are less than the amount we guaranteed in our bid, we will incur a loss. Therefore, in the event that the proceeds, net of direct operating expenses, from an engagement are less than the bid, the value of the assets or inventory decline in value prior to the disposition or liquidation, or the assets are overvalued for any reason, we may suffer a loss and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Losses due to any auction or liquidation engagement may cause us to become unable to make payments due to our creditors and may cause us to default on our debt obligations. 
 We have three engagement structures for our auction and liquidation services: (i) a fee based structure under which we are compensated for our role in an engagement on a commission basis, (ii) purchase on an outright basis (and take title to) the assets or inventory of the client, and (iii) guarantee to the client that a certain amount will be realized by the client upon the sale of the assets or inventory based on contractually defined terms in the auction or liquidation contract. We bear the risk of loss under the purchase and guarantee structures of auction and liquidation contracts. If the amount realized from the sale or disposition of assets, net of direct operating expenses, does not equal or exceed the purchase price (in purchase transaction), we will recognize a loss on the engagement, or should the amount realized, net of direct operating expenses, not equal or exceed the guarantee, we are still required to pay the guaranteed amount to the client. 
 We could incur losses in connection with outright purchase transactions in which we engage as part of our auction and liquidation solutions business. 
 When we conduct an asset disposition or liquidation on an outright purchase basis, we purchase from the client the assets or inventory to be sold or liquidated and therefore, we hold title to any assets or inventory that we are not able to sell. In other situations, we may acquire assets from our clients if we believe that we can identify a potential buyer and sell the assets at a premium to the price paid. We store these unsold or acquired assets and inventory until they can be sold or, alternatively, transported to the site of a liquidation of comparable assets or inventory that we are conducting. If we are forced to sell these assets for less than we paid, or are required to transport and store assets multiple times, the related expenses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We could be forced to mark down the value of certain assets acquired in connection with outright purchase transactions. 
 In most instances, inventory is reported on the balance sheet at its historical cost; however, according to U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, inventory whose historical cost exceeds its market value should be valued 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 conservatively, which dictates a lower value should apply. Accordingly, should the replacement cost (due to technological obsolescence or otherwise), or the net realizable value of any inventory we hold be less than the cost paid to acquire such inventory (purchase price), we will be required to mark down the value of such inventory held. If the value of any inventory held on our balance sheet is required to be written down, such write down could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 We frequently use borrowings under credit facilities in connection with our guaranty engagements, in which we guarantee a minimum recovery to the client, and outright purchase transactions. 
 In engagements where we operate on a guaranty or purchase basis, we are typically required to make an upfront payment to the client. If the upfront payment is less than 100 of the guarantee or the purchase price in a purchase transaction, we may be required to make successive cash payments until the guarantee is met or we may issue a letter of credit in favor of the client. Depending on the size and structure of the engagement, we may borrow under our credit facilities and may be required to issue a letter of credit in favor of the client for these additional amounts. If we lose any availability under our credit facilities, are unable to borrow under credit facilities and/or issue letters of credit in favor of clients, or borrow under credit facilities and/or issue letters of credit on commercially reasonable terms, we may be unable to pursue large liquidation and disposition engagements, engage in multiple concurrent engagements, pursue new engagements or expand our operations. We are required to obtain approval from the lenders under our existing credit facilities prior to making any borrowings thereunder in connection with a particular engagement. Any inability to borrow under our credit facilities, or enter into one or more other credit facilities on commercially reasonable terms may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth. 
 Defaults under our credit agreements could have an adverse impact on our ability to finance potential engagements. 
 The terms of our credit agreements contain a number of events of default. Should we default under any of our credit agreements in the future, lenders may take any or all remedial actions set forth in such credit agreement, including, but not limited to, accelerating payment and/or charging us a default rate of interest on all outstanding amounts, refusing to make any further advances or issue letters of credit, or terminating the line of credit. As a result of our reliance on lines of credit and letters of credit, any default under a credit agreement, or remedial actions pursued by lenders following any default under a credit agreement, may require us to immediately repay all outstanding amounts, which may preclude us from pursuing new liquidation and disposition engagements and may increase our cost of capital, each of which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Consulting Activities 
 We depend on financial institutions as primary clients for our financial consulting business. Consequently, the loss of any financial institutions as clients may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 A majority of the revenue from our financial consulting business is derived from engagements by financial institutions. As a result, any loss of financial institutions as clients of our valuation and advisory services, whether due to changing preferences in service providers, failures of financial institutions or mergers and consolidations within the finance industry, could significantly reduce the number of existing, repeat and potential clients, thereby adversely affecting our revenues. In addition, any larger financial institutions that result from mergers or consolidations in the financial services industry could have greater leverage in negotiating terms of engagements with us, or could decide to internally perform some or all of the financial consulting services which we currently provide to one of the constituent institutions involved in the merger or consolidation or which we could provide in the future. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our financial consulting business. 
 We may face liability or harm to our reputation as a result of a claim that we provided an inaccurate appraisal or valuation and our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the liability. 
 We could face liability in connection with a claim by a client that we provided an inaccurate appraisal or valuation on which the client relied. Any claim of this type, whether with or without merit, could result in costly litigation, which could divert management s attention and company resources and harm our reputation. Furthermore, if we are found to be liable, we may be required to pay damages. While our appraisals and valuations are typically provided only for the benefit of our clients, if a third party relies on an appraisal or valuation and suffers harm as a result, we may become subject to a legal claim, even if the claim is without merit. We carry insurance for liability resulting from errors or omissions in connection 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 with our appraisals and valuations; however, the coverage may not be sufficient if we are found to be liable in connection with a claim by a client or third party. 
 Risks Related to our Asset Management Business 
 Poor investment performance may decrease assets under management and reduce revenues from and the profitability of our asset management business. 
 Revenues from our asset management business are primarily derived from asset management fees. Asset management fees are generally comprised of management and incentive fees. Management fees are typically based on assets under management, and incentive fees are earned on a quarterly or annual basis only if the return on our managed accounts exceeds a certain threshold return, or highwater mark, for each investor. We will not earn incentive fee income during a particular period, even when a fund had positive returns in that period, if we do not generate cumulative performance that surpasses a highwater mark. If a fund experiences losses, we will not earn incentive fees with regard to investors in that fund until its returns exceed the relevant highwater mark. 
 In addition, investment performance is one of the most important factors in retaining existing investors and competing for new asset management business. Investment performance may be poor as a result of the current or future difficult market or economic conditions, including changes in interest rates, with increases anticipated in 2023, or inflation, which continues to be an ongoing concern going into 2023, acts of war, aggression or terrorism, widespread outbreaks of disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic or similar pandemics, or political uncertainty, our investment style, the particular investments that we make, and other factors. Poor investment performance may result in a decline in our revenues and income by causing (i) the net asset value of the assets under our management to decrease, which would result in lower management fees to us, (ii) lower investment returns, resulting in a reduction of incentive fee income to us, and (iii) investor redemptions, which would result in lower fees to us because we would have fewer assets under management. 
 To the extent our future investment performance is perceived to be poor in either relative or absolute terms, the revenues and profitability of our asset management business will likely be reduced and our ability to grow existing funds and raise new funds in the future will likely be impaired. 
 The historical returns of our funds may not be indicative of the future results of our funds. 
 The historical returns of our funds should not be considered indicative of the future results that should be expected from such funds or from any future funds we may raise. Our rates of returns reflect unrealized gains, as of the applicable measurement date, which may never be realized due to changes in market and other conditions not in our control that may adversely affect the ultimate value realized from the investments in a fund. The returns of our funds may have also benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not repeat themselves, and there can be no assurance that our current or future funds will be able to avail themselves of profitable investment opportunities. Furthermore, the historical and potential future returns of the funds we manage also may not necessarily bear any relationship to potential returns on our common stock. 
 We are subject to risks in using custodians. 
 Our asset management subsidiary and its managed funds depend on the services of custodians to settle and report securities transactions. In the event of the insolvency of a custodian, our funds might not be able to recover equivalent assets in whole or in part as they will rank among the custodian s unsecured creditors in relation to assets which the custodian borrows, lends or otherwise uses. In addition, cash held by our funds with the custodian will not be segregated from the custodian s own cash, and the funds will therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. 
 We manage debt investments that involve significant risks and potential additional liabilities. 
 
 GACP I., L.P. and GACP II, L.P., both direct lending funds of which our wholly owned subsidiary GACP is the general partner, and which are managed by WhiteHawk Capital Partners, L.P., a limited partnership controlled by Mr. J. Ahn, who is the brother of Phil Ahn, the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, pursuant to an investment advisory services agreement, may invest in secured debt issued by companies that have or may incur additional debt that is senior to the secured debt owned by the fund. In the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of any such company, the owners of senior secured debt (i.e., the owners of first priority liens) generally will be entitled to receive proceeds from any realization of the secured collateral until they have been reimbursed. At such time, the owners of junior secured debt (including, in certain circumstances, the fund) will be entitled to receive proceeds from 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 the realization of the collateral securing such debt. There can be no assurances that the proceeds, if any, from the sale of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by subordinate debt instruments. To the extent that the fund owns secured debt that is junior to other secured debt, the fund may lose the value of its entire investment in such secured debt. 
 In addition, the fund may invest in loans that are secured by a second lien on assets. Second lien loans have been a developed market for a relatively short period of time, and there is limited historical data on the performance of second lien loans in adverse economic circumstances. In addition, second lien loan products are subject to intercreditor arrangements with the holders of first lien indebtedness, pursuant to which the second lien holders have waived many of the rights of a secured creditor, and some rights of unsecured creditors, including rights in bankruptcy, which can materially affect recoveries. While there is broad market acceptance of some second lien intercreditor terms, no clear market standard has developed for certain other material intercreditor terms for second lien loan products. This variation in key intercreditor terms may result in dissimilar recoveries across otherwise similarly situated second lien loans in insolvency or distressed situations. While uncertainty of recovery in an insolvency or distressed situation is inherent in all debt instruments, second lien loan products carry more risks than certain other debt products. 
 Risks Related to Our Communications Businesses 
 Dial-up and DSL pay accounts may decline faster than expected and adversely impact our business. 
 A significant portion of UOL s revenues and profits come from dial-up Internet and DSL access services and related services and advertising revenues. UOL s dial-up and DSL Internet access pay accounts and revenues have been declining and are expected to continue to decline due to the continued maturation of the market for dial-up and DSL Internet access, competitive pressures in the industry and limited sales efforts. Consumers continue to migrate to broadband access, primarily due to the faster connection and download speeds provided by broadband access. Advanced applications such as online gaming, music downloads and videos require greater bandwidth for optimal performance, which adds to the demand for broadband access. The pricing for basic broadband services has been declining as well, making it a more viable option for consumers. In addition, the popularity of accessing the Internet through tablets and mobile devices has been growing and may accelerate the migration of consumers away from dial-up Internet access. The number of dial-up Internet access pay accounts has been adversely impacted by both a decrease in the number of new pay accounts signing up for UOL s services, as well as the impact of subscribers canceling their accounts, which we refer to as churn. Churn has increased from time to time and may increase in the future. If we experience a higher than expected level of churn, it will make it more difficult for us to increase or maintain the number of pay accounts, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We expect UOL s dial-up and DSL Internet access pay accounts to continue to decline. As a result, related services revenues and the profitability of this segment may decline. The rate of decline in these revenues may continue to accelerate. 
 We may not be able to consistently make a high level of expense reductions in the future. Continued declines in revenues relating to the UOL business, particularly if such declines accelerate, will materially and adversely impact the profitability of this business. 
 Failure to maintain advertising revenues from UOL, including as a result of failing to increase or maintain the number of subscribers for UOL s services, could have a negative impact on advertising profitability. 
 Advertising revenues are a key component of revenues and profitability from UOL. UOL s services currently generate advertising revenues from search placements, display advertisements and online market research associated with Internet access and email services. Factors that have caused, or may cause in the future, UOL s advertising revenues to fluctuate include, without limitation, changes in the number of visitors to UOL s websites, active accounts or consumers purchasing our services and products, the effect of, changes to, or terminations of key advertising relationships, changes to UOL s websites and advertising inventory, changes in applicable laws, regulations or business practices, including those related to behavioral or targeted advertising, user privacy, and taxation, changes in business models, changes in the online advertising market, changes in the economy, advertisers budgeting and buying patterns, competition, and changes in usage of UOL s services. Decreases in UOL s advertising revenues are likely to adversely impact our profitability. Further, our successful operation and management of UOL, including the ability to generate advertising revenues for UOL s services, will depend in part upon our ability to increase or maintain the number of subscribers for UOL s services. A decline in the number of subscribers using UOL s services could result in decreased advertising revenues, and decreases in advertising revenues 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 would adversely impact our profitability. The failure to increase or maintain the number of subscribers for UOL s services could have a material adverse effect on advertising revenues and our profitability. 
 Our marketing efforts for our communications businesses may not be successful or may become more expensive, either of which could increase our costs and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We rely on relationships with a wide variety of third parties, including Internet search providers such as Google, social networking platforms such as Facebook, Internet advertising networks, co-registration partners, retailers, distributors, television advertising agencies, and direct marketers, to source new customers and to promote or distribute our services and products. In addition, in connection with the launch of new services or products for our communications businesses, we may spend a significant amount of resources on marketing. With any of our brands, services, and products, if our marketing activities are inefficient or unsuccessful, if important third-party relationships or marketing strategies, such as Internet search engine marketing and search engine optimization, become more expensive or unavailable, or are suspended, modified, or terminated, for any reason, if there is an increase in the proportion of consumers visiting our websites or purchasing our services and products by way of marketing channels with higher marketing costs as compared to channels that have lower or no associated marketing costs, or if our marketing efforts do not result in our services and products being prominently ranked in Internet search listings, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Our communications businesses are dependent on the availability of telecommunications services and compatibility with third-party systems and products. 
 Our communications businesses substantially depend on the availability, capacity, affordability, reliability, and security of telecommunications networks operated by third parties. Only a limited number of telecommunications providers offer the network and data services we currently require for our services, and we purchase most of our telecommunications services from a few providers. Some of our telecommunications services are provided pursuant to short-term agreements that the providers can terminate or elect not to renew. In addition, some telecommunications providers may cease to offer network services for certain less populated areas, which would reduce the number of providers from which we may purchase services and may entirely eliminate our ability to purchase services for certain areas. 
 Currently, our mobile broadband service of our UOL business is entirely dependent upon services acquired from one service provider, and the devices required by the provider can be used for only such provider s service. If we are unable to maintain, renew or obtain a new agreement with the telecommunications provider on acceptable terms, or the provider discontinues its services, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our dial-up Internet access services of our UOL business also rely on their compatibility with other third-party systems, products and features, including operating systems. Incompatibility with third-party systems and products could adversely affect our ability to deliver our services or a user s ability to access our services and could also adversely impact the distribution channels for our services. Our dial-up Internet access services are dependent on dial-up modems and an increasing number of computer manufacturers, including certain manufacturers with whom we have distribution relationships, do not pre-load their new computers with dial-up modems, requiring the user to separately acquire a modem to access our services. We cannot assure you that, as the dial-up Internet access market declines and new technologies emerge, we will be able to continue to effectively distribute and deliver our services. 
 Government regulations could adversely affect our business or force us to change our business practices. 
 The services we provide are subject to varying degrees of international, federal, state and local laws and regulation, including, without limitation, those relating to taxation, bulk email or spam, advertising (including, without limitation, targeted or behavioral advertising), user privacy and data protection, consumer protection, antitrust, export, and unclaimed property. Compliance with such laws and regulations, which in many instances are unclear or unsettled, is complex. New laws and regulations, such as those being considered or recently enacted by certain states, the federal government, or international authorities related to automatic-renewal practices, spam, user privacy, targeted or behavioral advertising, and taxation, could impact our revenues or certain of our business practices or those of our advertisers. Moreover, distribution partners or customers may require us, or we may otherwise deem it necessary or advisable, to alter our products to address actual or anticipated changes in the regulatory environment. Our inability to alter our products to address these 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 requirements and any regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 The current regulatory environment for broadband telephone services is developing and therefore uncertain. The United States and other countries have begun to assert regulatory authority over broadband telephone service and are continuing to evaluate how broadband telephone service will be regulated in the future. Both the application of existing rules to us and our competitors and the effects of future regulatory developments are uncertain. Future legislative, judicial or other regulatory actions could have a negative effect on our business, which may involve significant compliance costs and require that we restructure our service offerings, exit certain markets, or increase our prices to recover our regulatory costs, any of which could cause our services to be less attractive to customers. 
 Regulatory and governmental agencies may determine that we should be subject to rules applicable to certain broadband telephone service providers or seek to impose new or increased fees, taxes, and administrative burdens on broadband telephone service providers. We also may change our product and service offerings in a manner that subjects us to greater regulation and taxation. We are faced, and may continue to face, difficulty collecting such charges from our customers and/or carriers, and collecting such charges may cause us to incur legal fees. We may be unsuccessful in collecting all of the regulatory fees owed to us. The imposition of any such additional regulatory fees, charges, taxes and regulations on VoIP communications services could materially increase our costs and may limit or eliminate our competitive pricing advantages. 
 We offer our magicJack products and services in other countries, and therefore could also be subject to regulatory risks in each such foreign jurisdiction, including the risk that regulations in some jurisdictions will prohibit us from providing our services cost-effectively or at all, which could limit our growth. Currently, there are several countries where regulations prohibit us from offering service. In addition, because customers can use our services almost anywhere that a broadband Internet connection is available, including countries where providing broadband telephone service is illegal, the governments of those countries may attempt to assert jurisdiction over us. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, could delay or prevent potential acquisitions, expose us to significant liability and regulation and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business and our operating results. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties. 
 Broadband Internet access is currently classified by the FCC as an information service. While this classification means that broadband Internet access services are not subject to Universal Service Fund USF contributions, Congress or the FCC may expand the USF contribution obligations to include broadband Internet access services. If broadband Internet access providers become subject to USF contribution obligations, it would likely raise the effective cost of our services to customers, which could adversely affect customer satisfaction and have an adverse impact on our revenues and profitability. 
 We are faced, and may continue to face, difficulty collecting regulatory charges from our customers and/or carriers and collecting such charges may cause us to incur legal fees. We may be unsuccessful in collecting all the regulatory fees owed to us. The imposition of any such additional regulatory fees, charges, taxes and regulations on our services could materially increase our costs and may limit or eliminate our competitive pricing advantages. 
 Failure to remit regulatory fees, charges and taxes mandated by federal and state regulations; failure to maintain proper state tariffs and certifications; failure to comply with federal, state or local laws and regulations; failure to obtain and maintain required licenses, franchises and permits; imposition of burdensome license, franchise or permit requirements for us to operate in public rights-of-way; and imposition of new burdensome or adverse regulatory requirements could limit the types of services we provide or the terms on which we provide these services. 
 We cannot predict the outcome of any ongoing legislative initiatives or administrative or judicial proceedings or their potential impact upon the communications and information technology industries generally or upon our communications businesses specifically. Any changes in the laws and regulations applicable to our communications businesses, the enactment of any additional laws or regulations, or the failure to comply with, or increased enforcement activity by regulators of, such laws and regulations, could significantly impact our services and products, our costs, or the manner in which we or our advertisers conduct business, all of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and cause our business to suffer. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The FCC and some states require us to obtain prior approval of certain major merger and acquisition transactions, such as the acquisition of control of another telecommunications carrier. Delays in obtaining such approvals could affect our ability to close proposed transactions in a timely manner and could increase our costs and increase the risk of non-consummation of some transactions. 
 Increases in credit card processing fees and high chargeback costs would increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our results of operations, and an adverse change in, or the termination of, our relationship with any major credit card company would have a severe, negative impact on our business. 
 A significant number of our communications customers purchase their products through our websites and pay for our communications products and services using credit or debit cards. The major credit card companies or the issuing banks may increase the fees that they charge for transactions using their cards. An increase in those fees would require us to either increase the prices we charge for our products, or suffer a negative impact on our profitability, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have potential liability for chargebacks associated with the transactions we process, or that are processed on our behalf by merchants selling our products. If a customer returns his or her products at any time, or claims that our product was purchased fraudulently, the returned product is charged back to magicJack or its bank, as applicable. If we or our sponsoring banks are unable to collect the chargeback from the merchant s account, or, if the merchant refuses or is financially unable, due to bankruptcy or other reasons, to reimburse the merchant s bank for the chargeback, we bear the loss for the amount of the refund paid. 
 We are vulnerable to credit card fraud, as we sell communications products and services directly to customers through our website. Card fraud occurs when a customer uses a stolen card (or a stolen card number in a card-not-present-transaction) to purchase merchandise or services. In a traditional card-present transaction, if the merchant swipes the card, receives authorization for the transaction from the card issuing bank and verifies the signature on the back of the card against the paper receipt signed by the customer, the card issuing bank remains liable for any loss. In a fraudulent card-not-present transaction, even if the merchant or we receive authorization for the transaction, we or the merchant are liable for any loss arising from the transaction. Because sales made directly from our websites are card-not-present transactions, we are more vulnerable to customer fraud. We are also subject to acts of consumer fraud by customers that purchase our products and services and subsequently claim that such purchases were not made. 
 In addition, as a result of high chargeback rates or other reasons beyond our control, the credit card companies or issuing bank may terminate their relationship with us, and there are no assurances that it will be able to enter into a new credit card processing agreement on similar terms, if at all. Upon a termination, if our credit card processor does not assist it in transitioning its business to another credit card processor, or if we were not able to obtain a new credit card processor, the negative impact on the liquidity of our communications businesses likely would be significant. The credit card processor may also prohibit us from billing discounts annually or for any other reason. Any increases in the credit card fees paid by our communications businesses could adversely affect our results of operations, particularly if we elect not to raise our service rates to offset the increase. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major credit or debit card, due to high chargebacks or otherwise, would significantly impair our ability to operate our business. 
 Flaws in our technology and systems could cause delays or interruptions of service, damage our reputation, cause us to lose customers and limit our growth. 
 Our communications services could be disrupted by problems with our technology and systems, such as malfunctions in our software or other facilities and overloading of our servers. Our customers could experience interruptions in the future as a result of these types of problems. Interruptions could in the future cause us to lose customers, which could adversely affect our revenue and profitability. In addition, because our systems and our customers ability to use our services are Internet-dependent, our services may be subject to hacker attacks from the Internet, which could have a significant impact on our systems and services. If service interruptions adversely affect the perceived reliability of our service, it may have difficulty attracting and retaining customers and our brand reputation and growth may suffer. 
 We rely on independent retailers to sell the magicJack devices, and disruption to these channels would harm our business. 
 Because we sell a significant amount of the magicJack devices, other devices and certain services to independent retailers, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory levels and support for magicJack s 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 products. In particular, magicJack s retailers may maintain significant levels of our products in their inventories. If retailers attempt to reduce their levels of inventory or if they do not maintain sufficient levels to meet customer demand, our sales could be negatively impacted. 
 The retailers who sell magicJack products also sell products offered by its competitors. If these competitors offer the retailers more favorable terms, those retailers may de-emphasize or decline to carry magicJack s products. In the future, we may not be able to retain or attract a sufficient number of qualified retailers. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with retailers or to expand our distribution channels, our business will suffer. 
 To continue this method of sales, we will have to allocate resources to train vendors, systems integrators and business partners as to the use of our products, resulting in additional costs and additional time until sales by such vendors, systems integrators and business partners are made feasible. Our business depends to a certain extent upon the success of such channels and the broad market acceptance of our products. To the extent that our channels are unsuccessful in selling our products, our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 If magicJack fails to maintain relationships with these channels, fails to develop new channels, fails to effectively manage, train, or provide incentives to existing channels or if these channels are not successful in their sales efforts, sales of magicJack s products may decrease and our operating results would suffer. 
 The success of our business relies on customers continued and unimpeded access to broadband service. Providers of broadband services may be able to block our services or charge their customers more for also using our services, which could adversely affect our revenue and growth. 
 Our customers must have broadband access to the Internet in order to use our service. Providers of broadband access, some of whom are also competing providers of broadband voice services, may take measures that affect their customers ability to use our service, such as degrading the quality of the data packets they transmit over their lines, giving those packets low priority, giving other packets higher priority than ours, blocking our packets entirely or attempting to charge their customers more for also using our services. 
 In December 2017, the FCC rescinded rules that, among other things, prohibited broadband Internet access providers from blocking, throttling, or otherwise degrading the quality of data packets, or attempting to extract additional fees from edge service providers. 
 In October 2019, the D.C. Circuit largely upheld the FCC decision. Although some states, most notably California, have adopted prohibitions similar to those rescinded by the FCC, if broadband providers block, throttle or otherwise degrade the quality of our data packets or attempt to extract additional fees from us or our customers, it could adversely impact our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Consumer Segment 
 If Targus fails to innovate and develop new products in a timely and cost-effective manner for its new and existing product categories, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Targus product categories are characterized by short product life cycles, intense competition, frequent new product introductions, rapidly changing technology, dynamic consumer demand and evolving industry standards. As a result, we must continually innovate in our new and existing product categories, introduce new products and technologies, and enhance existing products in order to remain competitive. 
 The success of our product portfolio depends on several factors, including our ability to: 
 Identify new features, functionality and opportunities; 
 Anticipate technology, market trends and consumer preferences; 
 Develop innovative, high-quality, and reliable new products and enhancements in a cost-effective and timely manner; 
 Distinguish our products from those of our competitors; and 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Offer our products at prices and on terms that are attractive to our customers and consumers. 
 If we do not execute on these factors successfully, products that we introduce or technologies or standards that we adopt may not gain widespread commercial acceptance, and our business and operating results could suffer. In addition, if we do not continue to differentiate our products through distinctive, technologically advanced features, designs, and services that are appealing to our customers and consumers, as well as continue to build and strengthen our brand recognition and our access to distribution channels, our business could be adversely affected. 
 The development of new products and services can be very difficult and requires high levels of innovation. The development process also can be lengthy and costly. There are significant initial expenditures for research and development, tooling, manufacturing processes, inventory, and marketing, and we may not be able to recover those investments. If we fail to accurately anticipate technological trends or our users needs or preferences, are unable to complete the development of products and services in a cost-effective and timely fashion, or are unable to appropriately increase production to fulfill customer demand, we will be unable to successfully introduce new products and services into the market or compete with other providers. Even if we complete the development of our new products and services in a cost-effective and timely manner, they may not be competitive with products developed by others, they may not achieve acceptance in the market at anticipated levels or at all, they may not be profitable or, even if they are profitable, they may not achieve margins as high as our expectations or as high as the margins we have achieved historically. 
 As we introduce new or enhanced products, integrate new technology into new or existing products, or reduce the overall number of products offered, we face risks including, among other things, disruption in customers ordering patterns, excessive levels of new and existing product inventories, revenue deterioration in our existing product lines, insufficient supplies of new products to meet customers demand, possible product and technology defects, and a potentially different sales and support environment. Premature announcements or leaks of new products, features or technologies may exacerbate some of these risks by reducing the effectiveness of our product launches, reducing sales volumes of current products due to anticipated future products, making it more difficult to compete, shortening the period of differentiation based on our product innovation, straining relationships with our partners or increasing market expectations for the results of our new products before we have had an opportunity to demonstrate the market viability of the products. Our failure to manage the transition to new products and services or the integration of new technology into new or existing products and services could adversely affect our business, results of operations, operating cash flows and financial condition. 
 We rely on third parties to sell and distribute our products, and we rely on their information to manage our business. 
 Targus primarily sells products to a network of distributors, retailers and e-tailers (together with our direct sales channel partners). We are dependent on those direct sales channel partners to distribute and sell our products to indirect sales channel partners and ultimately to consumers. The sales and business practices of all such sales channel partners, their compliance with laws and regulations, and their reputations - of which we may or may not be aware - may affect our business and our reputation. 
 Our sales channel partners also sell products offered by our competitors and in the case of retailer house brands and original equipment manufacturers, may also be our competitors. If product competitors offer our sales channel partners more favorable terms, have more products available to meet their needs, or utilize the leverage of broader product lines sold through the channel, or if our sales channel partners show preference for their own house brands, our sales channel partners may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In addition, certain of our sales channel partners could decide to de-emphasize the product categories that we offer in exchange for other product categories that they believe provide them with higher returns. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with these sales channel partners or to maintain our distribution channels, our business will suffer. 
 As we expand into new product categories and markets in pursuit of growth, we will have to build relationships with new channel partners and adapt to new distribution and marketing models. These new partners, practices, and models may require significant management attention and operational resources and may affect our accounting, including revenue recognition, gross margins, and the ability to make comparisons from period to period. Entrenched and more experienced competitors will make these transitions difficult. If we are unable to build successful distribution channels or successfully market our products in these new product categories, we may not be able to take advantage of the growth opportunities, and our business and our ability to grow our business could be adversely affected. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 We reserve for cooperative marketing arrangements, incentive programs, and pricing programs with our sales channel partners. These reserves are based on judgments and estimates, using historical experience rates, inventory levels in distribution, current trends, and other factors. There could be significant differences between the actual costs of such arrangements and programs and our estimates. 
 We use sell-through data, which represents sales of our products by our direct retailer and e-tailer customers to consumers, and by our distributor customers to their customers, along with other metrics, to assess consumer demand for our products. Sell-through data is subject to limitations due to collection methods and the third-party nature of the data and thus may not be an accurate indicator of actual consumer demand for our products. The customers supplying sell-through data vary by geographic region and from period to period, but typically represent a majority of our retail sales. In addition, we rely on channel inventory data from our sales channel partners. If we do not receive this information on a timely and accurate basis, if this information is not accurate, or if we do not properly interpret this information, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Targus business is heavily reliant on the general demand for IT and personal computer-related devices. 
 Targus' business of selling products that relate primarily to the computer accessory markets makes our business performance sensitive to the general demand for IT and personal computer-related devices. As such, declines in the overall demand for personal computers and tablet devices can directly impact the demand for our accessory products as often our products are sold as an attachment to the original equipment manufacturer device that is being sold. 
 The failure of our licensees to sell products that generate royalties to us, to pay us royalties pursuant to their license agreements with us, or to renew these agreements could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our brand investment portfolio revenues are dependent on royalty payments made to us under our license agreements. Although some of our license agreements guarantee a minimum royalty payment to us each year, the failure of our licensees to satisfy these or the other obligations under their agreements with us, their decision to not renew their agreements with us or their inability to grow or maintain their sales of products bearing our brands or their businesses generally could cause our revenues to decline. These events or circumstances could occur for a variety of reasons, many of which are outside our control, including business and operational risks that impact our licensees ability to make payments and sell products generally, such as obtaining and maintaining desirable store locations and consumer acceptance and presence; retaining key personnel, including the specific individuals who work on sales and marketing for products bearing our brands; and liquidity and capital resources risks. 
 The failure by any of our key licensees or the concurrent failure by several licensees to meet their financial obligations to us or to renew their respective license agreements with us could materially and adversely impact our results of operations and our financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Competition 
 We operate in highly competitive industries. Some of our competitors may have certain competitive advantages, which may cause us to be unable to effectively compete with or gain market share from our competitors. 
 We face competition with respect to all of our service and product areas. The level of competition depends on the particular service or product area and, in the case of our asset and liquidation services, the category of assets being liquidated or appraised. We compete with other companies and investment banks to help clients with their corporate finance and capital needs. In addition, we compete with companies and online services in the bidding for assets and inventory to be liquidated. The demand for online solutions continues to grow and our online competitors include other e-commerce providers, auction websites such as eBay, as well as government agencies and traditional liquidators and auctioneers that have created websites to further enhance their product offerings and more efficiently liquidate assets. We expect the market to become even more competitive as the demand for such services continues to increase and traditional and online liquidators and auctioneers continue to develop online and offline services for disposition, redeployment and remarketing of wholesale surplus and salvage assets. In addition, manufacturers, retailers and government agencies may decide to create their own websites to sell their own surplus assets and inventory and those of third parties. 
 We also compete with other providers of valuation and advisory services. Competitive pressures within the Financial Consulting and other Advisory Services and real estate services markets, including a decrease in the number of 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 engagements and/or a decrease in the fees which can be charged for these services, could affect revenues from our Financial Consulting and other Advisory Services and real estate services as well as our ability to engage new or repeat clients. We believe that given the relatively low barriers to entry in the Financial Consulting and other Advisory Services and real estate services markets, these markets may become more competitive as the demand for such services increases. 
 Some of our competitors may be able to devote greater financial resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, secure merchandise from sellers on more favorable terms, adopt more aggressive pricing or inventory availability policies and devote more resources to website and systems development than we are able to do. Any inability on our part to effectively compete could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, growth potential and results of operations. 
 We compete with specialized investment banks to provide financial and investment banking services to small and middle-market companies. Middle-market investment banks provide access to capital and strategic advice to small and middle-market companies in our target industries. We compete with those investment banks on the basis of a number of factors, including client relationships, reputation, the abilities of our professionals, transaction execution, innovation, price, market focus and the relative quality of our products and services. We have experienced intense competition over obtaining advisory mandates in recent years, and we may experience pricing pressures in our investment banking business in the future as some of our competitors seek to obtain increased market share by reducing fees. Competition in the middle-market may further intensify if larger Wall Street investment banks expand their focus to this sector of the market. Increased competition could reduce our market share from investment banking services and our ability to generate fees at historical levels. 
 We also face increased competition due to a trend toward consolidation. In recent years, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry. This trend was amplified in connection with the unprecedented disruption and volatility in the financial markets during the past several years, and, as a result, a number of financial services companies have merged, been acquired or have fundamentally changed their respective business models. Many of these firms may have the ability to support investment banking, including financial advisory services, with commercial banking, insurance and other financial services in an effort to gain market share, which could result in pricing pressure in our businesses. 
 The businesses in our communications segment compete competes with numerous communications providers, many of whom are large and have significantly more financial and marketing resources. The principal competitors for UOL s mobile broadband and DSL services include, among others, local exchange carriers, wireless and satellite service providers, and cable service providers. 
 magicJack, Lingo, and BullsEye compete with the traditional telephone service providers, which provide telephone service using the public switched telephone network. Certain of these traditional providers have also added, or are planning to add, broadband telephone services to their existing telephone and broadband offerings. We also face, or expect to face, competition from cable companies, which offer broadband telephone services to their existing cable television and broadband offerings. Further, wireless providers offer services that some customers may prefer over wireline-based service. In the future, as wireless companies offer more minutes at lower prices, their services may become more attractive to customers as a replacement for broadband or wireline-based phone service. We face competition on magicJack device sales from manufacturers of smart phones, tablets and other handheld wireless devices. Also, we compete against established alternative voice communication providers, and may face competition from other large, well-capitalized Internet companies. In addition, we compete with independent broadband telephone service providers. 
 Our consumer segment, consisting of Targus and our brand investment portfolio, competes with companies that make consumer retail products and/or own other brands and trademarks. Targus operates in an intensely competitive marketplace along with many other makers of consumer and enterprise productivity products. With respect to our brand investment portfolio, other brand licensors could enter into similar licensing arrangements with retailers and wholesalers in the United States and internationally. These arrangements could be with our existing retail and wholesale partners, thereby competing with us for consumer attention and limited floor or rack space in the same stores in which our branded products are sold, and vying with us for the time and resources of the retailers and wholesale licensees that manufacture and distribute our products. Competitors to our consumer segment may be able to respond more quickly to changes in retailer, wholesaler and consumer preferences and devote greater resources to brand acquisition, development and marketing. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to compete successfully in our industry. 
 Our future success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of senior management and the ability to attract and retain other highly qualified management personnel. We face competition for management from other companies and organizations; therefore, we may not be able to retain our existing personnel or fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover at existing compensation levels. Although we have entered into employment agreements with key members of the senior management team, there can be no assurances such key individuals will remain with us. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key management personnel would disrupt our operations and divert the time and attention of our remaining officers and management personnel which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and potential for growth. 
 We also face competition for highly skilled employees with experience in the industries in which we operate, and some of which requires a unique knowledge base. We may be unable to recruit or retain existing technical, sales and client support personnel that are critical to our ability to execute our business plan, with such difficulties exacerbated by the labor shortages that arose during the COVID-19 pandemic and persist throughout the economy. 
 Risks Related to Data Security and Intellectual Property 
 Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, clients and business partners, and personally identifiable information of our employees, in our servers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure is vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breach due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties. In addition, such a breach could disrupt our operations and the services we provide to our clients, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our services, which could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 
 Significant disruptions of information technology systems, breaches of data security, or unauthorized disclosures of sensitive data or personally identifiable information could adversely affect our business, and could subject us to liability or reputational damage. 
 Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology IT systems, including Internet-based systems, some of which are managed or hosted by third parties, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. The size and complexity of our IT systems make us vulnerable to, and we have experienced, IT system breakdowns, malicious intrusion, and computer viruses, which may result in the impairment of our ability to operate our business effectively. 
 In addition, our systems and the systems of our third-party providers and collaborators are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches which may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons or to the public. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of confidential information, trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including personally identifiable information) of our employees, customers, business partners, and others. In addition, the increased use of social media by our employees and contractors could result in inadvertent disclosure of sensitive data or personal information, including but not limited to, confidential information, trade secrets and other intellectual property. 
 Any such disruption or security breach, as well as any action by us or our employees or contractors that might be inconsistent with the rapidly evolving data privacy and security laws and regulations applicable within the United States and elsewhere where we conduct business, could result in enforcement actions by U.S. states, the U.S. Federal government or foreign governments, liability or sanctions under data privacy laws that protect personally identifiable information, regulatory penalties, other legal proceedings such as but not limited to private litigation, the incurrence of significant remediation costs, disruptions to our development programs, business operations and collaborations, diversion of management efforts and damage to our reputation, which could harm our business and operations. Because of the rapidly 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 moving nature of technology and the increasing sophistication of cybersecurity threats, our measures to prevent, respond to and minimize such risks may be unsuccessful. 
 In addition, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted a comprehensive general data privacy regulation GDPR in 2016 that took effect in May 2018 and governs the collection and use of personal data in the European Union. The GDPR, which is wide-ranging in scope, will impose several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, the security and confidentiality of the personal data, data breach notification and the use of third party processors in connection with the processing of the personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the European Union to the United States, enhances enforcement authority and imposes large penalties for noncompliance, including the potential for fines of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenues of the infringer, whichever is greater. In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act effective since January 1, 2020 applies to for-profit businesses that conduct business in California and meet certain revenue or data collection thresholds. The CCPA established new requirements regarding handling of personal data to entities serving or employing California residents, and gave consumers the right to request disclosure of information collected about them, and whether that information has been sold or shared with others, the right to request deletion of personal information (subject to certain exceptions), the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer s personal information, and the right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights. Such rights will be expanded under the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA once it goes into effect on January 1, 2023. In addition, similar laws have and may be adopted by other states where the Company does business. The impact of the CCPA and other state privacy laws on the Company s business is yet to be determined. 
 We may be unsuccessful in protecting our proprietary rights or may have to defend ourselves against claims of infringement, which could impair or significantly affect our business. 
 Our future success depends in part on our proprietary technology, technical know-how, and other intellectual property. We rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws, and confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions such as nondisclosure terms and licenses, to protect our intellectual property. 
 We hold various United States patents and pending applications, together with corresponding patents and pending applications from other countries. 
 Our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate and our competitors may independently develop technology that is similar ours. Legal protections afford only limited protection for our technology. The laws of many countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the United States. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties have in the past attempted, and may in the future attempt, to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that it regards as proprietary. Third parties may also design around our proprietary rights, which may render our protected products less valuable if the design around is favorably received in the marketplace. In addition, if any our products or the technology underlying our products is covered by third-party patents or other intellectual property rights, we could be subject to various legal actions. 
 We cannot assure you that our products do not infringe intellectual property rights held by others or that they will not in the future. Third parties may assert infringement, misappropriation, or breach of license claims against us from time to time. Such claims could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to suspend or permanently cease the use of critical technologies or processes or the production or sale of major products. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity, misappropriation, or other claims. Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. Moreover, any settlement of or adverse judgment resulting from such litigation could require us to obtain a license to continue to use the technology that is the subject of the claim, or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of the technology. Any required licenses may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. If we attempt to design around the technology at issue or to find another provider of suitable alternative technology to permit it to continue offering applicable software or product solutions, our continued supply of software or product solutions could be disrupted or our introduction of new or enhanced software or products could be significantly delayed. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to our Securities and Ownership 
 Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control and could also limit the market price of our stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, as amended, contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors will be authorized to issue from time to time, without further stockholder approval, up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix or alter the designations, preferences, rights and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the shares of each series, including the dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, rights of redemption, including sinking fund provisions, redemption price or prices, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series or designations of any series. Such shares of preferred stock could have preferences over our common stock with respect to dividends and liquidation rights. We may issue additional preferred stock in ways which may delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company without further action by our stockholders. Such shares of preferred stock may be issued with voting rights that may adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our common stock by increasing the number of outstanding shares having voting rights, and by the creation of class or series voting rights. 
 We are also governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. The foregoing and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, as amended, and Delaware law could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors, including delaying or impeding a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest or other change of control transaction involving our company. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could prevent the consummation of a transaction in which our stockholders could receive a substantial premium over the then current market price for their shares. 
 Because of their significant stock ownership, some of our existing stockholders will be able to exert control over us and our significant corporate decisions. 
 Our executive officers, directors and their affiliates own or control, in the aggregate, approximately 30.2 of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. In particular, our Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, Bryant R. Riley, owns or controls, in the aggregate, 6,516,410 shares of our common stock or 23.0 of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. These stockholders are able to exercise influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, such as the election of directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions, including transactions involving an actual or potential change of control of the company or other transactions that non-controlling stockholders may not deem to be in their best interests. This concentration of ownership may harm the market price of our common stock by, among other things: 
 delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of our company; 
 impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover, or other business combination involving our company; 
 causing us to enter into transactions or agreements that are not in the best interests of all stockholders; or 
 discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 
 Our common stock price may fluctuate substantially, and your investment could suffer a decline in value. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could fluctuate substantially due to many factors, including, among other things: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 announcements of significant contracts and transactions by us or our competitors; 
 sale of common stock or other securities in the future; 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 the trading volume of our common stock; 
 changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors; and 
 general economic conditions 
 In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. 
 The trading price of our common shares is subject to volatility. 
 Trading of our common stock has in the past been highly volatile and the market price of shares of our common stock could continue to fluctuate substantially. Additionally, if we are not able to maintain our listing on NASDAQ, then our common stock will be quoted for trading on an over-the-counter quotation system and may be subject to more significant fluctuations in stock price and trading volume and large bid and ask price spreads. 
 We may not pay dividends regularly or at all in the future. 
 While we currently pay dividends quarterly, our Board of Directors may reduce or discontinue dividends at any time for any reason it deems relevant and there can be no assurances that we will continue to generate sufficient cash to pay dividends, or that we will continue to pay dividends with the cash that we do generate. The determination regarding the payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors, and there can be no assurances that we will continue to generate sufficient cash to pay dividends, or that we will pay dividends in future periods. 
 Our level of indebtedness, and restrictions under such indebtedness, could adversely affect our operations and liquidity. 
 Our senior notes include: (a) the 6.75 2024 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of approximately 199.2 million; (b) the 6.50 2026 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of approximately 180.5 million; (c) the 6.375 2025 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of approximately 146.4 million; (d) the 6.00 2028 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of approximately 266.1 million; (e) the 5.50 2026 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of approximately 217.4 million; (f) the 5.25 2028 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of approximately 405.5 million; and (g) the 5.00 2026 Notes with an aggregate principal amount of approximately 324.7 million. The Company periodically enters into At Market Issuance Sales Agreements with B. Riley Securities. The most recent sales agreement prospectus was filed by us with the SEC on January 5, 2022 (the January 2022 Sales Agreement Prospectus superseding the prospectus filed with the SEC on August 11, 2021, the prospectus filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021, and the prospectus filed with the SEC on January 28, 2021. Pursuant to the January 2022 Sales Agreement, the Company may sell from time to time, at the Company s option, up to an aggregate principal amount of 250.0 million, 6.75 2024 Notes, 6.50 2026 Notes, 6.375 2025 Notes, 6.00 2028 Notes, 5.50 2026 Notes, 5.25 2028 Notes, 5.00 2026 Notes and Depositary Shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 69.5 million available for offer and sale pursuant to the January 2022 Sales Agreement. 
 In connection with the acquisition of Targus, on October 18, 2022, our subsidiary, Tiger US Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, among others, entered into a credit agreement with PNC Bank, National Association PNC ), as agent and security trustee for a five-year 28.0 million term loan and a five-year 85.0 million revolver loan. 
 On September 23, 2022, our subsidiary, B. Riley Receivables II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), entered into a credit agreement (the Pathlight Credit Agreement by and among PLC Agent, LLC in the capacity as administrative agent and Pathlight Capital Fund I LP, Pathlight Capital Fund II LP, and Pathlight Capital Fund III LP as the lenders (collectively, Pathlight for a five-year 148.2 million term loan. The Pathlight Credit Agreement was entered in connection with the purchase of the 2022 Badcock Receivable discussed in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 On August 16, 2022, our subsidiary, Lingo, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), entered into a credit agreement (the Lingo Credit Agreement by and among the Borrower, us as the secured guarantor, and Banc of California, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent and lender, for a five-year 45.0 million term loan. On September 9, 2022, Lingo entered into the First Amendment to the Lingo Credit Agreement with Grasshopper Bank (the New Lender 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 for an incremental term loan of 7.5 million, increasing the principal balance of the term loan to 52.5 million. On November 10, 2022, Lingo entered into the Second Amendment to the Lingo Credit Agreement with KeyBank National Association for an incremental term loan of 20.5 million, increasing the principal balance of the term loan to 73.0 million. 
 On June 23, 2021, we and our wholly owned subsidiaries, BR Financial Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Primary Guarantor ), and BR Advisory Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement by and among us, Primary Guarantor, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto, Nomura Corporate Funding Americas, LLC, as administrative agent and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as collateral agent, providing for a four-year 200.0 million secured term loan credit facility (the Term Loan Facility and a four-year 80.0 million secured revolving loan credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the Credit Facilities ). On December 17, 2021 (the Amendment Date ), we, the Primary Guarantor, and the Borrower entered into a Second Incremental Amendment to Credit Agreement, pursuant to which the Borrower established an incremental facility in an aggregate principal amount of 100.0 million (the Incremental Facility 
 On December 19, 2018, BRPI Acquisition Co LLC BRPAC ), a Delaware limited liability company, UOL, and YMAX Corporation, Delaware corporations (collectively, the Borrowers ), indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of ours, in the capacity as borrowers, entered into a credit agreement (the BRPAC Credit Agreement with the Banc of California, N.A. in the capacity as agent (the Agent and lender and with the other lenders party thereto (the Closing Date Lenders ). Through a series of amendments, including the most recent Fourth Amendment to the BRPAC Credit Agreement (the Fourth Amendment on June 21, 2022, the Borrowers, the Secured Guarantors, the Agent and the Closing Date Lenders agreed to the following, among other things: (i) the Lenders agreed to make a new 75.0 million term loan to the Borrowers, the proceeds of which the Borrowers used to repay the outstanding principal amount of the existing terms loans and optional loans and will use for other general corporate purposes, (ii) a new applicable margin level of 3.50 was established as set forth from the date of the Fourth Amendment, (iii) Marconi Wireless was added to the Borrowers, (iv) the maturity date of the term loan was set to June 30, 2027, and (v) the Borrowers were permitted to make certain distributions to the parent company of the Borrowers. 
 We are party to a credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement governing our asset based credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo Bank with a maximum borrowing limit of 200.0 million. and a maturity date of April 20, 2027. 
 The terms of such indebtedness contain various restrictions and covenants regarding the operation of our business, including, but not limited to, restrictions on our ability to merge or consolidate with or into any other entity. We may also secure additional debt financing in the future in addition to our current debt. Our level of indebtedness generally could adversely affect our operations and liquidity, by, among other things: (i) making it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts as they become due during adverse economic and industry conditions because we may not have sufficient cash flows to make our scheduled debt payments; (ii) causing us to use a larger portion of our cash flows to fund interest and principal payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other business activities; (iii) making it more difficult for us to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities or other strategic transactions, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and (iv) limiting our ability to borrow additional monies in the future to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes as and when needed, which could force us to suspend, delay or curtail business prospects, strategies or operations. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to pay the interest on our debt, and future working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available to pay or refinance such debt. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to pay the interest on our debt, we may have to delay or curtail our operations. If we are unable to service our indebtedness, we will be forced to adopt an alternative strategy that may include actions such as reducing capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness or seeking additional equity capital. These alternative strategies may not be affected on satisfactory terms, if at all, and they may not yield sufficient funds to make required payments on our indebtedness. If, for any reason, we are unable to meet our debt service and repayment obligations, we would be in default under the terms of the agreements governing our debt, which could allow our creditors at that time to declare certain outstanding indebtedness to be due and payable or exercise other available remedies, which may in turn trigger cross acceleration or cross default rights in other agreements. If that should occur, we may not be able to pay all such debt or to borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. Even if new financing were then available, it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Our senior notes are unsecured and therefore are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness that we currently have or that we may incur in the future. 
 Our senior notes are not secured by any of our assets or any of the assets of our subsidiaries. As a result, our senior notes are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness that we or our subsidiaries have currently outstanding or may incur in the future (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The indenture governing our senior notes does not prohibit us or our subsidiaries from incurring additional secured (or unsecured) indebtedness in the future. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness and the secured indebtedness of our subsidiaries may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness and may consequently receive payment from these assets before they may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of our senior notes. 
 Our senior notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
 Our senior notes are obligations exclusively of the Company and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries is a guarantor of our senior notes, and our senior notes are not required to be guaranteed by any subsidiaries we may acquire or create in the future. Therefore, in any bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, all claims of creditors (including trade creditors) of our subsidiaries will have priority over our equity interests in such subsidiaries (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including holders of our senior notes) with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries. Even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of our subsidiaries, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets of any such subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such subsidiary senior to our claims. Consequently, our senior notes will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of any of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish as financing vehicles or otherwise. The indenture governing our senior notes does not prohibit us or our subsidiaries from incurring additional indebtedness in the future. In addition, future debt and security agreements entered into by our subsidiaries may contain various restrictions, including restrictions on payments by our subsidiaries to us and the transfer by our subsidiaries of assets pledged as collateral. 
 The indenture under which our senior notes were issued contains limited protection for holders of our senior notes. 
 The indenture under which our senior notes were issued offers limited protection to holders of our senior notes. The terms of the indenture and our senior notes do not restrict our or any of our subsidiaries ability to engage in, or otherwise be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions, circumstances or events that could have an adverse impact on the holders of our senior notes. In particular, the terms of the indenture and our senior notes do not place any restrictions on our or our subsidiaries ability to: 
 issue debt securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be equal in right of payment to our senior notes, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be secured and therefore rank effectively senior in right of payment to our senior notes to the extent of the values of the assets securing such debt, (3) indebtedness of ours that is guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore is structurally senior to our senior notes and (4) securities, indebtedness or obligations issued or incurred by our subsidiaries that would be senior to our equity interests in our subsidiaries and therefore rank structurally senior to our senior notes with respect to the assets of our subsidiaries; 
 pay dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or other securities subordinated in right of payment to our senior notes; 
 sell assets (other than certain limited restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets); 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 create liens (including liens on the shares of our subsidiaries) or enter into sale and leaseback transactions; 
 make investments; or 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. 
 In addition, the indenture does not include any protection against certain events, such as a change of control, a leveraged recapitalization or going private transaction (which may result in a significant increase of our indebtedness levels), restructuring or similar transactions. Furthermore, the terms of the indenture and our senior notes do not protect holders of our senior notes in the event that we experience changes (including significant adverse changes) in our financial condition, results of operations or credit ratings, as they do not require that we or our subsidiaries adhere to any financial tests or ratios or specified levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flow, or liquidity. Also, an event of default or acceleration under our other indebtedness would not necessarily result in an event of default under our senior notes. 
 Our ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt and take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of our senior notes may have important consequences for the holders of our senior notes, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our senior notes or negatively affecting the trading value of our senior notes. 
 Other debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its holders than the indenture and our senior notes, including additional covenants and events of default. The issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could affect the market for and trading levels and prices of our senior notes. 
 An increase in market interest rates could result in a decrease in the value of our senior notes and increase our future borrowing costs. 
 In general, as market interest rates rise, notes bearing interest at a fixed rate decline in value. Following the recent increase in market interest rates, the market value of our senior notes has declined. We cannot predict the future level of market interest rates, but to the extent market interest rates continue to rise, the market value of our existing senior notes can be expected to further decline. Additionally, if interest rates continue to rise, we may be required to refinance existing lower interest rate indebtedness with indebtedness bearing a higher rate of interest, and our issuance of new indebtedness at higher interest rates would likely cause the market value of our existing indebtedness that we do not refinance to decline. We cannot predict the future level of market interest rates. 
 An active trading market for our senior notes may not develop, which could limit the market price of our senior notes or the ability of our senior note holders to sell them. 
 The 5.00 2026 Notes are quoted on NASDAQ under the symbol RILYG, the 5.25 2028 Notes are quoted on NASDAQ under the symbol RILYZ, the 6.75 2024 Notes are quoted on NASDAQ under the symbol RILYO, the 6.50 2026 Notes are quoted on NASDAQ under the symbol RILYN, the 6.375 2025 Notes are quoted on NASDAQ under the symbol RILYM, the 5.50 2026 Notes are quoted on the NASDAQ under the symbol RILYK and the 6.00 2028 Notes are quoted on NASDAQ under the symbol RILYT . We cannot provide any assurances that an active trading market will develop for our senior notes or that our senior note holders will be able to sell their senior notes. If the senior notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount from their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, our credit ratings, general economic conditions, our financial condition, performance and prospects and other factors. Accordingly, we cannot assure our senior note holders that a liquid trading market will develop for our senior notes, that our senior note holders will be able to sell our senior notes at a particular time or that the price our senior note holders receive when they sell will be favorable. To the extent an active trading market does not develop, the liquidity and trading price for our senior notes may be harmed. Accordingly, our senior note holders may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in our senior notes for an indefinite period of time. 
 We may issue additional notes. 
 Under the terms of the indenture governing our senior notes, we may from time to time without notice to, or the consent of, the holders of our senior notes, create and issue additional notes which will be equal in rank to our senior notes. We will not issue any such additional notes unless such issuance would constitute a qualified reopening for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The rating for the 5.00 2026 Notes, 5.25 2028 Notes, 6.75 2024 Notes, 6.50 2026 Notes, 6.375 2025 Notes, 5.50 2026 Notes, or 6.00 2028 Notes could at any time be revised downward or withdrawn entirely at the discretion of the issuing rating agency. 
 We have obtained a rating for the 5.00 2026 Notes, 5.25 2028 Notes, 6.75 2024 Notes, 6.50 2026 Notes, 6.375 2025 Notes, 5.50 2026 Notes, and 6.00 2028 Notes (collectively, the Rated Notes ). Ratings only reflect the views of the issuing rating agency or agencies and such ratings could at any time be revised downward or withdrawn entirely at the discretion of the issuing rating agency. A rating is not a recommendation to purchase, sell or hold any of the Rated Notes. Ratings do not reflect market prices or suitability of a security for a particular investor and the rating of the Rated Notes may not reflect all risks related to us and our business, or the structure or market value of the Rated Notes. We may elect to issue other securities for which we may seek to obtain a rating in the future. If we issue other securities with a rating, such ratings, if they are lower than market expectations or are subsequently lowered or withdrawn, could adversely affect the market for or the market value of the Rated Notes. 
 There is no established market for the Depositary Shares and the market value of the Depositary Shares could be substantially affected by various factors. 
 The Depositary Shares are an issue of securities with no established trading market. Although the shares are trading on the NASDAQ Global Market, an active trading market on the NASDAQ Global Market for the Depositary Shares may not develop or last, in which case the trading price of the Depositary Shares could be adversely affected. If an active trading market does develop on the NASDAQ Global Market, the Depositary Shares may trade at prices higher or lower than their initial offering price. The trading price of the Depositary Shares also depends on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 prevailing interest rates; 
 the market for similar securities; 
 general economic and financial market conditions; and 
 the Company s financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The Company has been advised by some of the underwriters that they intend to make a market in the Depositary Shares, but they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue market-making at any time without notice. 
 The Existing Preferred Stock and the Depositary Shares rank junior to all of the Company s indebtedness and other liabilities and are effectively junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company, the Company s assets will be available to pay obligations on the 6.875 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock and the 7.375 Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series B Preferred Stock and, together with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Existing Preferred Stock ), which ranks in parity with the Series A Preferred Stock, only after all of the Company s indebtedness and other liabilities have been paid. The rights of holders of the Existing Preferred Stock to participate in the distribution of the Company s assets will rank junior to the prior claims of the Company s current and future creditors and any future series or class of preferred stock the Company may issue that ranks senior to the Existing Preferred Stock. In addition, the Existing Preferred Stock effectively ranks junior to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of (as well as any preferred equity interests held by others in) the Company s existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. The Company s existing subsidiaries are, and any future subsidiaries would be, separate legal entities and have no legal obligation to pay any amounts to the Company in respect of dividends due on the Existing Preferred Stock. If the Company is forced to liquidate its assets to pay its creditors, the Company may not have sufficient assets to pay amounts due on any or all of the Existing Preferred Stock then outstanding. The Company and its subsidiaries have incurred and may in the future incur substantial amounts of debt and other obligations that will rank senior to the Existing Preferred Stock. The Company may incur additional indebtedness and become more highly leveraged in the future, which could harm the Company s financial position and potentially limit cash available to pay dividends. As a result, the Company may not have sufficient funds remaining to satisfy its dividend obligations relating to the Existing Preferred Stock if the Company incurs additional indebtedness. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Future offerings of debt or senior equity securities may adversely affect the market price of the Depositary Shares. If the Company decides to issue debt or senior equity securities in the future, it is possible that these securities will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting the Company s operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that the Company issues in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of the Existing Preferred Stock and may result in dilution to owners of the Depositary Shares. The Company and, indirectly, the Company s shareholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because the Company s decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond the Company s control, the Company cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of the Company s future offerings. Thus, holders of the Depositary Shares will bear the risk of the Company s future offerings reducing the market price of the Depositary Shares and diluting the value of their holdings in the Company. 
 The Company may issue additional shares of the Existing Preferred Stock and additional series of preferred stock that rank on a parity with the Existing Preferred Stock as to dividend rights, rights upon liquidation or voting rights. 
 The Company is allowed to issue additional shares of Existing Preferred Stock and additional series of preferred stock that would rank on a parity with the Existing Preferred Stock as to dividend payments and rights upon the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company s affairs pursuant to the Company s certificate of incorporation and the certificate of designation for the Existing Preferred Stock without any vote of the holders of the Existing Preferred Stock. The Company s certificate of incorporation authorizes the Company to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series on terms determined by the Company s Board of Directors. However, the use of depositary shares enables the Company to issue significant amounts of preferred stock, notwithstanding the number of shares authorized by the Company s certificate of incorporation. The issuance of additional shares of Existing Preferred Stock and additional series of parity preferred stock could have the effect of reducing the amounts available to the Existing Preferred stockholders upon the Company s liquidation or dissolution or the winding up of the Company s affairs. It also may reduce dividend payments on the Existing Preferred Stock issued and outstanding if the Company does not have sufficient funds to pay dividends on all Existing Preferred Stock outstanding and other classes of stock with equal priority with respect to dividends. 
 In addition, although holders of the Depositary Shares are entitled to limited voting rights (discussed further below), the holders of the Depositary Shares will vote separately as a class along with all other outstanding series of the Company s preferred stock that the Company may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. As a result, the voting rights of holders of the Depositary Shares may be significantly diluted, and the holders of such other series of preferred stock that the Company may issue may be able to control or significantly influence the outcome of any vote. 
 Future issuances and sales of parity preferred stock, or the perception that such issuances and sales could occur, may cause prevailing market prices for the Depositary Shares and the Company s common stock to decline and may adversely affect the Company s ability to raise additional capital in the financial markets at times and prices favorable to the Company. Such issuances may also reduce or eliminate the Company s ability to pay dividends on the Company s common stock. 
 Holders of Depositary Shares have extremely limited voting rights. 
 The voting rights of holders of Depositary Shares are limited. The Company s common stock is the only class of the Company s securities that carries full voting rights. Voting rights for holders of Depositary Shares exist primarily with respect to the ability to elect (together with the holders of other outstanding series of the Company s preferred stock, or Depositary Shares representing interests in the Company s preferred stock, or additional series of preferred stock the Company may issue in the future and upon which similar voting rights have been or are in the future conferred and are exercisable) two additional directors to the Company s Board of Directors in the event that six quarterly dividends (whether or not declared or consecutive) payable on the Existing Preferred Stock are in arrears, and with respect to voting on amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation or certificate of designation (in some cases voting together with the holders of other outstanding series of the Company s preferred stock as a single class) that materially and adversely affect the rights of the holders of Depositary Shares (and other series of preferred stock, as applicable) or create additional classes or series of the Company s stock that are senior to the Existing Preferred Stock, provided that in any event adequate provision for redemption has not been made. Other than the limited circumstances described in this prospectus supplement, holders of Depositary Shares will not have any voting rights. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The Depositary Shares have not been rated. 
 The Existing Preferred Stock and the Depositary Shares have not been rated and may never be rated. It is possible, however, that one or more rating agencies might independently decide to assign a rating to the Depositary Shares or that the Company may elect to obtain a rating of the Depositary Shares in the future. Furthermore, the Company may elect to issue other securities for which the Company may seek to obtain a rating. If any ratings are assigned to the Depositary Shares in the future or if the Company issues other securities with a rating, such ratings, if they are lower than market expectations or are subsequently lowered or withdrawn, could adversely affect the market for, or the market value of, the Depositary Shares. 
 Ratings reflect the views of the issuing rating agency or agencies, and such ratings could at any time be revised downward, placed on negative outlook or withdrawn entirely at the discretion of the issuing rating agency or agencies. Furthermore, a rating is not a recommendation to purchase, sell or hold any particular security, including the Depositary Shares. Ratings do not reflect market prices or the suitability of a security for a particular investor, and any future rating of the Depositary Shares may not reflect all risks related to the Company and its business, or the structure or market value of the Depositary Shares. 
 The conversion feature may not adequately compensate the holders, and the conversion and redemption features of the Existing Preferred Stock and the Depositary Shares may make it more difficult for a party to take over the Company and may discourage a party from taking over the Company. 
 Upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event or Change of Control (each as defined in the certificate of designation for each series of the Existing Preferred Stock, respectively), holders of the Depositary Shares will have the right (unless, prior to the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date (each as defined in the certificate of designation for each series of the Existing Preferred Stock, respectively), as applicable, the Company has provided or provide notice of the Company s election to redeem such series of Existing Preferred Stock) to direct the depositary to convert some or all of such series of Existing Preferred Stock underlying their Depositary Shares into the Company s common stock (or equivalent value of alternative consideration), and under these circumstances the Company will also have a special optional redemption right to redeem such series of Existing Preferred Stock. Upon such a conversion, the holders will be limited to a maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the Share Cap (as defined in the certificate of designation for each series of the Existing Preferred Stock, respectively) multiplied by the number of shares of such series of Existing Preferred Stock converted. If the common stock price is less than 11.49 in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock (which is approximately 50 of the closing sale price per share of the Company s common stock on October 1, 2019) or 13.39 in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock (which is approximately 50 of the closing sale price per share of the Company s common stock on August 31, 2020), subject to adjustment, the holders will receive a maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock per depositary share, which may result in a holder receiving value that is less than the liquidation preference of the Depositary Shares. In addition, those features of the Existing Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making an acquisition proposal for the Company or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of the Company under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of the Company s common stock and Depositary Shares with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price or that shareholders may otherwise believe is in their best interests. 
 The market price of the Depositary Shares could be substantially affected by various factors. 
 The market price of the Depositary Shares will depend on many factors, which may change from time to time, including: 
 prevailing interest rates, increases in which may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Depositary Shares; 
 the annual yield from distributions on the Depositary Shares as compared to yields on other financial instruments; 
 general economic and financial market conditions; 
 government action or regulation; 
 the financial condition, performance and prospects of the Company and its competitors; 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts with respect to the Company, its competitors or the industry in which the Company operates; 
 the Company s issuance of additional preferred equity or debt securities; and 
 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results of the Company and its competitors. 
 As a result of these and other factors, investors who purchase the Depositary Shares may experience a decrease, which could be substantial and rapid, in the market price of the Depositary Shares, including decreases unrelated to the Company s operating performance or prospects. 
 
 Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our headquarters are located in Los Angeles, California in a leased facility. We believe that this facility and our other existing facilities are suitable and adequate for the business conducted therein, appropriately used and have sufficient capacity for their intended purpose. 
 
 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Company is subject to certain legal and other claims that arise in the ordinary course of its business. In particular, the Company and its subsidiaries are named in and subject to various proceedings and claims arising primarily from our securities business activities, including lawsuits, arbitration claims, class actions, and regulatory matters. Some of these claims seek substantial compensatory, punitive, or indeterminate damages. The Company and its subsidiaries are also involved in other reviews, investigations, and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory organizations regarding our business, which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions, and other relief. In view of the number and diversity of claims against our company, the number of jurisdictions in which litigation is pending, and the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of litigation and other claims, we cannot state with certainty what the eventual outcome of pending litigation or other claims will be. Notwithstanding this uncertainty, the Company does not believe that the results of these claims are likely to have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Stock Market and Other Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol: RILY . From July 16, 2015 to November 15, 2016, our common stock was traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol RILY . 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were approximately 119 holders of record of our Common Stock. This number does not include beneficial owners holding shares through nominees or in street name. 
 Dividend Policy 
 From time to time, we may decide to pay dividends which will be dependent upon our financial condition and results of operations. While it is the Board s current intention to make regular dividend payments each quarter and special dividend payments dependent upon exceptional circumstances from time to time, our Board of Directors may reduce or discontinue the payment of dividends at any time for any reason it deems relevant. The declaration and payment of any future dividends or repurchases of our common stock will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, capital expenditures, and other factors that may be deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
 Recent Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we made the following purchases of shares of our common stock. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1)(2) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Program October 1 through October 31, 2022 158 40.68 50,000 November 1 through November 30, 2022 52,404 41.41 44,419 48,170 December 1 through December 31, 2022 148,639 34.14 138,267 43,510 Total 201,201 36.04 182,686 
 (1) Includes purchases of 18,515 shares made to satisfy the income tax withholding obligations of certain employees upon the vesting and delivery of restricted stock units issued under our 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 (2) Includes purchases of 182,686 shares under the Company's annual share repurchase program. On March 3, 2023, the share repurchase program was reauthorized by the Board of Directors for share repurchases of up to 50.0 million of the Company's outstanding common shares and expires in October 2023. On October 31, 2022, the share repurchase program was reauthorized by the Board of Directors for share repurchases of up to 50.0 million of the Company's outstanding common shares and expires in October 2023. On October 25, 2021, the share repurchase program was reauthorized by the Board of Directors for share repurchases up to 50.0 million of its outstanding common shares and expired in October 2022. 
 Share Performance Graph 
 The following graph and table compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common share with the cumulative total return on the Russell 2000 Financial Index and S P 500 index for the period from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The graph and table below assume that 100 was invested on the starting date and dividends, if any, 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 were reinvested on the date of payment without payment of any commissions. The performance shown in the graph and table represents past performance and should not be considered an indication of future performance. 
 
 As of December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 B. Riley Financial, Inc. 100 81 154 287 691 287 Russell 2000 Financial 100 87 104 99 125 102 S P 500 100 94 121 141 178 144 
 
 We have updated the comparative indexes in the current year due to the delisting of half of the companies in the peer group index used in prior years. These indexes were selected because their businesses and operations were comparable to ours throughout or for some portion of the five-year period presented in the chart above. 
 The information provided above under the heading Share Performance Graph shall not be considered filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 6. RESERVED 
 None. 
 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, future, intend, seek, likely, potential or continue, the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. Actual events or results may differ materially. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither we, nor any other person, assume responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law we 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 are under no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the filing of this Annual Report to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. Readers are also urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us which attempt to advise interested parties of the factors which affect our business, including without limitation the disclosures made in Item 1A of Part II of this Annual Report under the caption Risk Factors. 
 Risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements include but are not limited to risks related to: volatility in our revenues and results of operations; changing conditions in the financial markets; our ability to generate sufficient revenues to achieve and maintain profitability; our exposure to credit risk; the short term nature of our engagements; the accuracy of our estimates and valuations of inventory or assets in guarantee based engagements; failure to successfully compete in any of our businesses; potential losses related to our auction or liquidation engagements; our dependence on communications, information and other systems and third parties; potential losses related to purchase transactions in our auction and liquidations business; the potential loss of financial institution clients; potential losses from or illiquidity of our proprietary investments; changing economic and market conditions, including increasing inflation and actions by the Federal Reserve to address inflation and the possibility of recession or an economic downturn; the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other pandemics or severe public health crises, and other related impacts including supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and increased labor costs; potential liability and harm to our reputation if we were to provide an inaccurate appraisal or valuation; potential mark-downs in inventory in connection with purchase transactions; loss of key personnel; our ability to borrow under our credit facilities or at-the-market offering as necessary; failure to comply with the terms of our credit agreements or senior notes; our ability to meet future capital requirements; our ability to realize the benefits of our completed acquisitions, including our ability to achieve anticipated opportunities and cost savings, and accretion to reported earnings estimated to result from completed and proposed acquisitions in the time frame expected by management or at all; the diversion of management time on acquisition-related issues; the failure of our brand investment portfolio licensees to pay us royalties; and the effect of geopolitical instability, including wars, conflicts and terrorist attacks, including the impacts of Russia s invasion of Ukraine. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Except as otherwise required by the context, references in this Annual Report to the Company, B. Riley, B. Riley Financial, we, us or our refer to the combined business of B. Riley Financial, Inc. and all of its subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview 
 Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 We identified a classification error of dividend income and realized and unrealized gains (losses) on certain investments within revenue in our consolidated statement of operations. The classification error had no impact on our consolidated balance sheet, consolidated statements of equity, and cash flows. We have restated our previously issued consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Refer to the Explanatory Note preceding Item 1, Business, for background on the restatement, the fiscal periods impacted, control considerations, and other information. 
 In addition, we have restated certain previously reported financial information for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 in this Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including but not limited to information within the Results of Operations and Revenue sections. The classification error had no impact on our consolidated balance sheet, consolidated statements of equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements illustrates the impact of the classification error to our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Description of the Company 
 B. Riley Financial, Inc. (Nasdaq: RILY) (the Company is a diversified financial services platform that delivers tailored solutions to meet the strategic, operational, and capital needs of its clients and partners. We operate through several consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, B. Riley that provide investment banking, brokerage, wealth management, asset management, direct lending, business advisory, valuation, and asset disposition services to a broad client base spanning 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 public and private companies, financial sponsors, investors, financial institutions, legal and professional services firms, and individuals. 
 
 The Company opportunistically invests in and acquires companies or assets with attractive risk-adjusted return profiles to benefit our shareholders. We own and operate several uncorrelated consumer businesses and invest in brands on a principal basis. Our approach is focused on high quality companies and assets in industries in which we have extensive knowledge and can benefit from our experience to make operational improvements and maximize free cash flow. Our principal investments often leverage the financial, restructuring, and operational expertise of our professionals who work collaboratively across disciplines. 
 
 We refer to B. Riley as a platform because of the unique composition of our business. Our platform has grown considerably and become more diversified over the past several years. We have increased our market share and expanded the depth and breadth of our businesses both organically and through opportunistic acquisitions. Our increasingly diversified platform enables us to invest opportunistically and to deliver strong long-term investment performance throughout a range of economic cycles. 
 
 We are headquartered in Los Angeles, California and maintain offices throughout the U.S. including in New York, Chicago, Metro District of Columbia, Atlanta, Boston, Dallas, Metro Detroit, Houston, Memphis, Miami, San Francisco, Boca Raton, and West Palm Beach. 
 
 We report our activities in six reportable business segments: Capital Markets, Wealth Management, Financial Consulting, Auction and Liquidation, Communications, and Consumer segment. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we realigned our segment reporting structure to reflect organizational changes from recent acquisitions and the manner in which capital is allocated. The Consumer segment includes the previously reported Brands segment and Targus, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2022. We have also re-aligned our previously reported Principal Investments - Communications and Other segment into the Communications segment and the All Other category that is reported with Corporate and Other. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 On October 18, 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Targus in a transaction pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). The purchase price consideration totaled 247.5 million, which consisted of 112.7 million in cash, 54.0 million in seller financing, 59.0 million in 6.75 senior notes due 2024, 15.3 million in the issuance of the Company's common stock and stock options, and 6.5 million in deferred payments. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, we used the acquisition method of accounting for this acquisition. Goodwill of 75.8 million and other intangible assets of 89.0 million were recorded as a result of the acquisition. The acquisition offers the potential for accretive growth to our dividend capacity and complements our existing investments in our Consumer segment. To finance part of the acquisition, on October 18, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement with PNC Bank, National Association PNC ), as agent and security trustee for a five-year 28.0 million term loan and a five-year 85.0 million revolver loan. 
 Our diversified financial platform is affected by a variety of factors including the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, higher inflation, the actions by the Federal Reserve to address inflation, the possibility of recession or an economic downturn, Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and rising energy prices. These factors create uncertainty about the future economic environment which will continue to evolve and may impact our business in future periods. These developments and the impact on the financial markets and the overall economy continue to be highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the financial markets and/or the overall economy continue to be impacted, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following period to period comparisons of our financial results and our interim results are not necessarily indicative of future results. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Amount Amount Amount (As restated) Revenues: Services and fees 895,623 82.9 1,153,225 74.2 (257,602) (22.3) Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans (202,628) (18.8) 220,545 14.2 (423,173) (191.9) Interest income - Loans and securities lending 245,400 22.7 122,723 7.9 122,677 100.0 Sale of goods 142,275 13.2 58,205 3.7 84,070 144.4 Total revenues 1,080,670 100.0 1,554,698 100.0 (474,028) (30.5) Operating expenses: Direct cost of services 142,455 13.2 54,390 3.5 88,065 161.9 Cost of goods sold 78,647 7.3 26,953 1.8 51,694 191.8 Selling, general and administrative expenses 714,614 66.1 906,196 58.3 (191,582) (21.1) Restructuring charge 9,011 0.8 9,011 100.0 Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold 66,495 6.2 52,631 3.4 13,864 26.3 Total operating expenses 1,011,222 93.6 1,040,170 66.9 (28,948) (2.8) Operating income 69,448 6.4 514,528 33.1 (445,080) (86.5) Other income (expense): Interest income 2,735 0.3 229 2,506 n/m Dividend income 35,874 3.3 19,732 1.3 16,142 81.8 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (201,079) (18.6) 166,131 10.7 (367,210) n/m Change in fair value of financial instruments and other 10,188 0.9 3,796 0.2 6,392 168.4 Income from equity method investments 3,570 0.3 2,801 0.2 769 27.5 Interest expense (141,186) (13.1) (92,455) (5.9) (48,731) 52.7 (Loss) income before income taxes (220,450) (20.4) 614,762 39.5 (835,212) (135.9) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 63,856 5.9 (163,960) (10.5) 227,816 (138.9) Net (loss) income (156,594) (14.5) 450,802 29.0 (607,396) (134.7) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests 3,235 0.3 5,748 0.4 (2,513) (43.7) Net (loss) income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. (159,829) (14.8) 445,054 28.6 (604,883) (135.9) Preferred stock dividends 8,008 0.7 7,457 0.5 551 7.4 Net (loss) income available to common shareholders (167,837) (15.5) 437,597 28.1 (605,434) (138.4) 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 n/m - Not applicable or not meaningful. 
 
 Revenues 
 The table below and the discussion that follows are based on how we analyze our business. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Amount Amount Amount (As Restated) Revenues - Services and fees Capital Markets segment 292,933 27.1 555,585 35.7 (262,652) (47.3) Wealth Management segment 230,735 21.4 374,361 24.1 (143,626) (38.4) Auction and Liquidation segment 12,581 1.2 20,169 1.3 (7,588) (37.6) Financial Consulting segment 98,508 9.1 94,312 6.1 4,196 4.4 Communications segment 228,129 21.1 88,490 5.7 139,639 157.8 Consumer segment 18,940 1.8 20,308 1.3 (1,368) (6.7) All Other 13,797 1.3 13,797 100.0 Subtotal 895,623 82.9 1,153,225 74.2 (257,602) (22.3) Revenues - Sale of goods Auction and Liquidation segment 56,928 5.3 53,348 3.4 3,580 6.7 Communications segment 7,526 0.7 4,857 0.3 2,669 55.0 Consumer segment 77,821 7.2 77,821 100.0 Subtotal 142,275 13.2 58,205 3.7 84,070 144.4 Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans Capital Markets segment (206,150) (19.1) 212,922 13.7 (419,072) (196.8) Wealth Management segment 3,522 0.3 7,623 0.5 (4,101) (53.8) Subtotal (202,628) (18.8) 220,545 14.2 (423,173) (191.9) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Capital Markets segment 240,813 22.3 122,723 7.9 118,090 96.2 Auction and Liquidation segment 4,587 0.4 4,587 100.0 Subtotal 245,400 22.7 122,723 7.9 122,677 100.0 Total revenues 1,080,670 100.0 1,554,698 100.0 (474,028) (30.5) 
 n/m - Not applicable or not meaningful. 
 Total revenues decreased approximately 474.0 million to 1,080.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,554.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to decreases in the fair value of the portfolio of securities and other investments owned and fair value adjustments on loans of 423.2 million and a decrease in revenue from services and fees of 257.6 million, partially offset by an increase in revenue from sale of goods of 84.1 million and an increase in revenue from interest income - loans and securities lending of 122.7 million. The decrease in the fair value of the portfolio of securities 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 and other investments owned during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the decrease in overall values in the stock market. The decrease in revenue from services and fees of 257.6 million was primarily due to decreases in revenue of 262.7 million in the Capital Markets segment, 143.6 million in the Wealth Management segment, 7.6 million in the Auction and Liquidation segment, and 1.4 million in the Consumer segment, partially offset by increases of 139.6 million in the Communications segment, 13.8 million in All Other, and 4.2 million in the Financial Consulting segment. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Capital Markets segment decreased approximately 262.7 million, to 292.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 555.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to decreases in revenue of 314.3 million from corporate finance, consulting and investment banking fees, partially offset by increases of 43.3 million in asset management fees and 8.0 million which is primarily comprised of interest and other income earned on our investments. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Wealth Management segment decreased 143.6 million, to 230.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 374.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to decreases in revenue of 83.1 million from wealth and asset management fees, 48.5 million in commission fees, and 11.0 million in other asset management fees. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Auction and Liquidation segment decreased 7.6 million, to 12.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 20.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to fewer retail fee liquidation engagements during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to prior year. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Financial Consulting segment increased 4.2 million, to 98.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 94.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenues was primarily due to increases of 2.4 million within our Real Estate division and 1.8 million within our Advisory Services division. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Communications segment increased 139.6 million to 228.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 88.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenues was primarily due to 66.6 million from the consolidation of Lingo as a result of obtaining a majority interest in the second quarter of 2022, 44.6 million from the acquisition of BullsEye Telecom BullsEye in the third quarter of 2022, and 36.3 million from the inclusion of a full year of operating results from the acquisition of Marconi Wireless that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2021, partially offset by a decrease in revenues of 7.8 million from UOL and magicJack subscription services. We expect the Marconi Wireless, UOL and magicJack subscription revenues to continue to decline year over year. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Consumer segment decreased approximately 1.4 million, to 18.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 20.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary source of services and fees revenue included in this segment is the licensing of trademarks. 
 Revenues from services and fees in All Other, which includes the operations of a regional environmental services business and a landscaping business that we acquired in 2022, was approximately 13.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Trading income and fair value adjustments on loans decreased 423.2 million to a loss of 202.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to income of 220.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to decreases of 419.1 million in the Capital Markets segment and 4.1 million in the Wealth Management segment. The loss of 202.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to realized and unrealized losses on investments made in our proprietary trading accounts of 148.3 million and unrealized losses on the fair value of our loans receivable of 54.3 million. 
 Interest income loans and securities lending increased 122.7 million, to 245.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 122.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to increases of 118.1 million in the Capital Markets segment and 4.6 million in the Auction and Liquidation segment. Interest income from securities lending was 83.1 million and 49.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest income from loans was 162.3 million and 39.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 and 2021, respectively. The increase in interest income on loans was primarily due to 93.1 million in interest from our loan receivable collateralized by the Badcock receivables portfolio, which was first made in December 2021. 
 
 Revenues Sale of Goods 
 Revenues from the sale of goods increased 84.1 million, to 142.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 58.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenues from sale of goods was primarily due to increases of 77.8 million from the acquisition of Targus in the fourth quarter of 2022, 3.6 million from the sales of retail goods related to retail liquidation engagements, and 3.2 million in sales of Marconi Wireless devices, partially offset by a decrease of 0.5 million in sales of magicJack devices. Cost of goods sold during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 78.6 million and 27.0 million, respectively, resulting in a gross margin of 44.7 and 53.7 , respectively. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Direct Cost of Services 
 Direct costs increased 88.1 million, to 142.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 54.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Direct costs of services increased 85.0 million in the Communications segment and 9.8 million in All Other, which is from the operations of a regional environmental services business and a landscaping business that we acquired in 2022, partially offset by a decrease of 6.8 million in the Auction and Liquidation segment. The increase in the Communications segment was primarily due to increases of 45.5 million from the inclusion of Lingo from May 31, 2022 to December 31, 2022 as a result of our acquisition of a majority equity interest in the second quarter of 2022, 14.1 million from the acquisition Marconi Wireless in the fourth quarter of 2021, and 27.9 million from the acquisition of BullsEye in the third quarter of 2022, partially offset by decreases of 1.5 million and 1.2 million in magicJack and UOL, respectively. The increase in the All Other category consists of other acquisitions made during 2022. The decrease in the Auction and Liquidation segment was primarily due to a large retail liquidation engagement in Europe in 2021. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were comprised of the following: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change Amount Amount Amount Capital Markets segment 179,499 25.1 347,591 38.4 (168,092) (48.4) Wealth Management segment 263,622 36.9 366,050 40.3 (102,428) (28.0) Auction and Liquidation segment 19,683 2.7 14,069 1.6 5,614 39.9 Financial Consulting segment 82,196 11.5 77,418 8.5 4,778 6.2 Communications segment 84,001 11.8 36,240 4.0 47,761 131.8 Consumer segment 22,737 3.2 5,923 0.7 16,814 n/m Corporate and Other 62,876 8.8 58,905 6.5 3,971 6.7 Total selling, general administrative expenses 714,614 100.0 906,196 100.0 (191,582) (21.1) 
 Total selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 191.6 million to 714.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 906.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 191.6 million in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to decreases of 168.1 million in the Capital Markets segment, 102.4 million in the Wealth Management segment, partially offset by increases of 47.8 million in the Communications segment, 16.8 million in the Consumer segment, 5.6 million in the Auction and Liquidation segment, 4.8 million in the Financial Consulting segment, and 4.0 million in Corporate and Other. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Markets 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Capital Markets segment decreased by 168.1 million to 179.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 347.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to decreases of 104.2 million in consulting expenses and 71.5 million in payroll and related expenses, partially offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization of 6.4 million. 
 Wealth Management 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Wealth Management segment decreased by 102.4 million to 263.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 366.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to decreases of 123.4 million in payroll and related expenses, partially offset by increases of 18.8 million in legal settlements and penalties and 1.0 million from the change in fair value change on contingent consideration. 
 Auction and Liquidation 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Auction and Liquidation segment increased by 5.6 million to 19.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 14.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 5.0 million in other business development activities and an increase of 1.4 million in payroll and related expenses, partially offset by a decrease of 0.5 million in foreign currency fluctuations. 
 Financial Consulting 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Financial Consulting segment increased by 4.8 million to 82.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 77.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to increases of 3.9 million in payroll and related expenses, 1.3 million in travel and entertainment expenses, and 0.9 million in other expenses, partially offset by decreases of 1.6 million in legal expenses. 
 Communications 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Communications segment increased by 47.8 million to 84.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 36.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to increases of 25.0 million from the consolidation of Lingo as a result of obtaining a majority interest in the second quarter of 2022, 14.4 million from the acquisition of BullsEye in the third quarter of 2022, and 9.0 million from the acquisition of Marconi Wireless in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Consumer 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consumer segment increased by 16.8 million to 22.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Targus in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Corporate and Other 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Corporate and Other increased 4.0 million to 62.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 58.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to increases of 8.4 million in payroll and related expenses, 6.6 million of expenses from the operations of a regional environmental services business and a landscaping business that we acquired in 2022, 1.8 million in software and equipment expenses, and 1.1 million in accounting expenses, partially offset by the decrease of 6.5 million in gains on extinguishment of debt, 4.5 million in fair value change on contingent consideration, and 2.6 million in foreign currency fluctuations. 
 Other Income (Expense). Other income included interest income of 2.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Dividend income was 35.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 19.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments was a loss of 201.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to gains of 166.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 overall values of our investments. Change in fair value of financial instruments and other in the amount of 10.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the change in fair value of warrant liabilities and the forgiveness of a Paycheck Protection Program loan issued to FocalPoint Securities, LLC prior to its acquisition by the Company. Income on equity method investments was 3.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense was 141.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 92.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense was due to additional debt incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 and higher interest rates due to variable rates on certain of our outstanding debt. The increases in interest expense primarily consisted of 18.6 million related to the senior notes, 15.4 million related to the Nomura term loan, 5.3 million related to the Pathlight term loan, 3.5 million related to the Nomura revolver, 1.6 million related to the Lingo term loan, 0.8 million related to the Targus revolver, and 0.5 million related to the Targus term loan. 
 (Loss) Income Before Income Taxes . Income (loss) before income taxes decreased 835.2 million to a loss of 220.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from income of 614.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily due to a decrease in revenues of approximately 474.0 million, a change to realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments of 367.2 million, and an increase in interest expense of 48.7 million, partially offset by a a decrease in operating expenses of 28.9 million, an increase in dividend income of 16.1 million, an increase in change in fair value of financial instruments and other of 6.4 million, an increase in interest income of 2.5 million, and an increase in income from equity method investments of 0.8 million. 
 Benefit from (Provision for) Income Taxes. Benefit from income taxes was 63.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a provision for income taxes of 164.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The effective income tax rate was a provision of 29.0 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a provision of 26.7 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests . Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests represents the proportionate share of net income generated by membership interests of partnerships that we do not own. The net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests was 3.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net (Loss) Income Attributable to the Company . Net loss attributable to the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 159.8 million compared to net income attributable to the Company of 445.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily due to a decrease in operating income of 445.1 million, a change to realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments of 367.2 million, and an increase in interest expense of 48.7 million, partially offset by a change from provision for to benefit from income taxes of 227.8 million, an increase in dividend income of 16.1 million, an increase in change in fair value of financial instruments and other of 6.4 million, a decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests of 2.5 million, an increase in interest income of 2.5 million, and an increase in income from equity method investments of 0.8 million. 
 Preferred Stock Dividends . Holders of Series A Preferred Stock, when and as authorized by the board of directors of the Company, are entitled to cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 6.875 per annum of the 25,000 liquidation preference 25.00 per Depositary Share) per year (equivalent to 1,718.75 or 1.71875 per Depositary Share). Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. On January 10, 2022, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4296875 per Depositary Share, which was paid on January 31, 2022 to holders of record as of the close of business on January 21, 2022. On April 7, 2022, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4296875 per Depositary Share, which was paid on April 29, 2022 to holders of record as of the close of business on April 19, 2022. On July 7, 2022, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4296875 per Depositary Share, which was paid on July 29, 2022 to holders of record as of the close of business on July 19, 2022. On October 10, 2022, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4296875 per Depositary Share, which was paid on October 31, 2022 to holders of record as of the close of business on October 21, 2022. 
 Holders of Series B Preferred Stock, when and as authorized by the board of directors of the Company, are entitled to cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 7.375 per annum of the 25,000 liquidation preference 25.00 per Depositary Share) per year (equivalent to 1,843.75 or 1.84375 per Depositary Share). Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. On January 10, 2022, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4609375 per Depositary Share, which was paid on January 31, 2022 to holders of record as of the close of business on January 21, 2022. On April 7, 2022, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4609375 per Depositary Share, which was paid on April 29, 2022 to holders of record as of the close of business on April 19, 2022. On July 7, 2022, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4609375 per Depositary Share, 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 which was paid on July 29, 2022 to holders of record as of the close of business on July 19, 2022. On October 10, 2022, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4609375 per Depositary Share, which was paid on October 31, 2022 to holders of record as of the close of business on October 21, 2022. 
 Net (Loss) Income Available to Common Shareholders . Net loss available to common shareholders during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 167.8 million compared to net income available to common shareholders of 437.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily due to a decrease in operating income of 445.1 million, a change to realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments of 367.2 million, an increase in interest expense of 48.7 million, and an increase in preferred stock dividends of 0.6 million, partially offset by a change from provision for to benefit from income taxes of 227.8 million, an increase in dividend income of 16.1 million, an increase in change in fair value of financial instruments and other of 6.4 million, a decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests of 2.5 million, an increase in interest income of 2.5 million, and an increase in income from equity method investments of 0.8 million. 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 (As Restated) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Change Amount Amount Amount Revenues: Services and fees 1,153,225 74.2 645,906 77.4 507,319 78.5 Trading income and fair value adjustments on loans 220,545 14.2 56,677 6.8 163,868 n/m Interest income - Loans and securities lending 122,723 7.9 102,499 12.3 20,224 19.7 Sale of goods 58,205 3.7 29,135 3.5 29,070 99.8 Total revenues 1,554,698 100.0 834,217 100.0 720,481 86.4 Operating expenses: Direct cost of services 54,390 3.5 60,451 7.2 (6,061) (10.0) Cost of goods sold 26,953 1.7 12,460 1.5 14,493 116.3 Selling, general and administrative expenses 906,196 58.3 428,537 51.4 477,659 111.5 Restructuring charge 1,557 0.2 (1,557) (100.0) Impairment of tradenames 12,500 1.5 (12,500) (100.0) Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold 52,631 3.4 42,451 5.1 10,180 24.0 Total operating expenses 1,040,170 66.9 557,956 66.9 482,214 86.4 Operating income 514,528 33.1 276,261 33.1 238,267 86.2 Other income (expense): Interest income 229 564 0.1 (335) (59.4) Dividend income 19,732 1.3 21,163 2.5 (1,431) (6.8) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments 166,131 10.7 47,341 5.7 118,790 n/m 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Change in fair value of financial instruments and other 3,796 0.2 3,796 100.0 Income (loss) on equity method investments 2,801 0.2 (623) (0.1) 3,424 n/m Interest expense (92,455) (5.9) (65,249) (7.8) (27,206) 41.7 Income before income taxes 614,762 39.5 279,457 33.5 335,305 120.0 Provision for income taxes (163,960) (10.5) (75,440) (9.0) (88,520) 117.3 Net income 450,802 29.0 204,017 24.5 246,785 121.0 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests 5,748 0.4 (1,131) (0.1) 6,879 n/m Net income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. 445,054 28.6 205,148 24.6 239,906 116.9 Preferred stock dividends 7,457 0.5 4,710 0.6 2,747 58.3 Net income available to common shareholders 437,597 28.1 200,438 24.0 237,159 118.3 
 n/m - Not applicable or not meaningful. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues 
 The table below and the discussion that follows are based on how we analyze our business. 
 (As Restated) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Change Amount Amount Amount Revenues - Services and fees Capital Markets segment 555,585 35.7 318,714 38.2 236,871 74.3 Wealth Management segment 374,361 24.1 72,345 8.7 302,016 n/m Auction and Liquidation segment 20,169 1.3 63,101 7.6 (42,932) (68.0) Financial Consulting segment 94,312 6.1 91,622 11.0 2,690 2.9 Communications segment 88,490 5.7 83,666 10.0 4,824 5.8 Consumer segment 20,308 1.3 16,458 2.0 3,850 23.4 Subtotal 1,153,225 74.2 645,906 77.4 507,319 78.5 Revenues - Sale of goods Auction and Liquidation segment 53,348 3.4 25,663 3.1 27,685 107.9 Communications segment 4,857 0.3 3,472 0.4 1,385 39.9 Subtotal 58,205 3.7 29,135 3.5 29,070 99.8 Trading income and fair value adjustments on loans Capital Markets segment 212,922 13.7 55,873 6.7 157,049 n/m Wealth Management segment 7,623 0.5 804 0.1 6,819 n/m Subtotal 220,545 14.2 56,677 6.8 163,868 n/m Interest income - Loans and securities lending Capital Markets segment 122,723 7.9 102,499 12.3 20,224 19.7 Total revenues 1,554,698 100.0 834,217 100.0 720,481 86.4 
 n/m - Not applicable or not meaningful. 
 Total revenues increased approximately 720.5 million to 1,554.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 834.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in revenues during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to an increase in revenue from services and fees of 507.3 million, an increase in revenue from trading income and fair value adjustments on loans of 163.9 million, an increase in revenue from sale of goods of 29.1 million, and an increase in revenue from interest income - loans and securities lending of 20.2 million, as further described below. The increase in revenue from services and fees of 507.3 million was primarily due to increases in revenue of 302.0 million in the Wealth Management segment, 236.9 million in the Capital Markets segment, 4.8 million in the Communications segment, 3.9 million in the Consumer segment, and 2.7 million in the Financial 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Consulting segment, partially offset by a decrease of 42.9 million in the Auction and Liquidation segment, as further described below. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Capital Markets segment increased approximately 236.9 million, to 555.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 318.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in revenues was primarily due to increases in revenue of 203.2 million from corporate finance, consulting and investment banking fees, 26.0 million from the acquisition of National, and 7.9 million primarily related to dividend income and other asset management fees. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Wealth Management segment increased 302.0 million, to 374.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 72.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in revenues was primarily due to increases in revenue of 280.9 million from the acquisition of National, 20.7 million from wealth and asset management fees, and 0.5 million in other income. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Auction and Liquidation segment decreased 42.9 million, to 20.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 63.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to fewer large retail fee liquidation engagements. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Financial Consulting segment increased 2.7 million, to 94.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 91.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in revenues was primarily due to an increase in revenue of 2.4 million from advisory services. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Communications segment increased 4.8 million to 88.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 83.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in revenues was primarily due to 12.4 million from the acquisition of a mobile phone services business during Q4 2021, partially offset by a decrease in revenues of 7.6 million from subscription services. 
 Revenues from services and fees in the Consumer segment increased approximately 3.9 million, to 20.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 16.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The primary sources of revenue included in this segment are the licensing of trademarks. 
 Trading income and fair value adjustments on loans increased 163.9 million to income of 220.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 56.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily due to increases of 157.0 million in the Capital Markets segment and 6.8 million in the Wealth Management segment. The gain of 220.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 included realized and unrealized amounts earned on investments made in our proprietary trading accounts of 210.9 million and unrealized amounts on our loans receivable, at fair value of 9.6 million. 
 Interest income loans and securities lending increased 20.2 million, to 122.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 102.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Interest income from securities lending was 66.1 million and 51.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest income from loans was 56.6 million and 51.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in interest income on loans was primarily due to the increase in lending activities in our Capital Markets segment which included an increase in loans receivable to 873.2 million as of December 31, 2021 from 390.7 million as of December 31, 2020. 
 Revenues Sale of Goods 
 Revenues from the sale of goods increased 29.1 million, to 58.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 29.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Revenues from sale of goods were primarily attributable to 46.1 million of sales of retail goods related to retail liquidation engagements in Europe, 6.1 million of sales of retail goods related to a retail liquidation engagement in the U.S., and 2.7 million in sales of magicJack devices that were sold in connection with VoIP services, partially offset by a decrease of 25.7 million from sales of goods related to multiple liquidation engagements that ended in 2020. Cost of goods sold during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 27.0 million and 12.5 million, respectively, resulting in a gross margin of 53.7 and 57.2 , respectively. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Direct Cost of Services 
 Total direct costs decreased 6.1 million, to 54.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 60.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Direct costs of services decreased by 10.0 million in the Auction and Liquidation segment, partially offset by an increase of 4.0 million in the Communications segment. The decrease in direct costs in the Auction and Liquidation segment was primarily due to a decrease in the number of retail fee type engagements performed during the year ended December 31, 2021, partially offset by an increase of 11.7 million of direct costs incurred on a retail liquidation engagement in Europe, where we purchased inventory for resale and as part of the retail liquidation engagement we incurred costs related to the store operations which primarily related to expenses for occupancy, payroll and other store operating costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were comprised of the following: 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Change Amount Amount Amount Capital Markets segment 347,591 38.4 201,348 47.0 146,243 72.6 Wealth Management segment 366,050 40.3 70,248 16.4 295,802 n/m Auction and Liquidation segment 14,069 1.6 12,359 2.9 1,710 13.8 Financial Consulting segment 77,418 8.5 68,579 16.0 8,839 12.9 Communications segment 36,240 4.0 31,363 7.3 4,877 15.6 Consumer segment 5,923 0.7 5,747 1.3 176 3.1 Corporate and Other segment 58,905 6.5 38,893 9.1 20,012 51.5 Total selling, general administrative expenses 906,196 100.0 428,537 100.0 477,659 111.5 
 Total selling, general and administrative expenses increased 477.7 million to 906.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 428.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase of 477.7 million in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to increases of 146.2 million in the Capital Markets segment, 295.8 million in the Wealth Management segment, 1.7 million in the Auction and Liquidation segment, 8.8 million in the Financial Consulting segment, 4.9 million in the Communications segment, 0.2 million in the Consumer segment, and 20.0 million in the Corporate and Other segment, as described below. 
 Capital Markets 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Capital Markets segment increased by 146.2 million to 347.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 201.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to increases of 85.4 million in payroll and related expenses, 32.1 million in consulting expenses, 18.7 million from the acquisition of National, and 10.3 million in investment banking deal expenses, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization of 0.3 million. 
 Wealth Management 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Wealth Management segment increased by 295.8 million to 366.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 70.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 The increase was primarily due to increases of 280.8 million from the acquisition of National and 16.7 million in payroll and related expenses, partially offset by decreases of 1.3 million in legal expenses and 0.5 million in other expenses. 
 Auction and Liquidation 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Auction and Liquidation segment increased by 1.7 million to 14.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 12.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 3.5 million in other business development activities, partially offset by decreases of 0.7 million in payroll and related expenses, 0.6 million in outside contractors, and 0.4 million in foreign currency fluctuations. 
 Financial Consulting 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Financial Consulting segment increased by 8.8 million to 77.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 68.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to increases of 5.7 million in payroll and related expenses, 1.8 million in legal expenses, 0.7 million in other expenses, 0.6 million in travel and entertainment expenses, and 0.2 million in occupancy expenses. 
 Communications 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Communications segment increased by 4.9 million to 36.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 31.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to increases of 1.2 million in communications expenses, 0.9 million in payroll and related expenses, 0.8 million due to a legal settlement accrual release in 2020, 0.8 million in transaction costs, 0.7 million in other expenses, and 0.5 million in other business development activities expenses. 
 Consumer 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consumer segment increased by 0.2 million to 5.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 5.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Corporate and Other 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Corporate and Other segment increased 20.0 million to 58.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 38.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to increases of 18.9 million in payroll and related expenses, 8.0 million in gains on extinguishment of debt, and 4.0 million from the consolidation of special purpose acquisition corporations SPACs ), partially offset by decreases of 8.7 million in legal settlement accrual, primarily due to recording a pre-acquisition litigation claim related to one of our acquired subsidiaries, 1.8 million in other expenses, and 0.8 million in legal expenses. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased 513.8 million of our senior notes with an aggregate face value of 504.1 million, resulting in a loss net of expenses, premiums paid, and original issue discount of 6.5 million. The total redemption payments included approximately 6.5 million in accrued interest. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we repurchased bonds with an aggregate face value of 3.4 million for 1.8 million resulting in a gain net of expenses of 1.6 million. As part of the repurchase, we paid 0.03 million in interest accrued through the date of each respective repurchase. 
 Impairment of tradenames . Due to the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on economic activity and market volatility, we tested our intangible assets as of March 31, 2020 and June 30, 2020 and made the determination that the indefinite-lived tradenames in the Consumer segment were impaired and the Company recognized impairment charges of 12.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. There was no impairment recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other Income (Expense). Other income included interest income of 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 0.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Dividend income was 19.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 21.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments was a gain of 166.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 to a gain of 47.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase in overall values of our investments. Change in fair value of financial instruments and other in the amount of 3.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to a gain of 6.5 million from National PPP loans that were forgiven by the SBA, partially offset by a loss of 2.7 million due to changes in fair value of warrant liabilities. Income on equity method investments was 2.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to a loss of 0.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Interest expense was 92.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 65.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to increases in interest expense of 20.2 million from the issuance of senior notes, 5.9 million from the Nomura term loan, and 1.9 million from the Nomura revolver. 
 Income Before Income Taxes . Income before income taxes increased 335.3 million to 614.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 from 279.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in income before income taxes was primarily due to increases in revenues of approximately 720.5 million, realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments of 118.8 million, change in fair value of financial instruments and other of 3.8 million, and income from equity method investments of 3.4 million, partially offset by increases in operating expenses of 482.2 million, interest expense of 27.2 million, a decrease in dividend income of 1.4 million and a decrease in interest income of 0.3 million. 
 Provision for Income Taxes. Provision for income taxes was 164.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 75.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The effective income tax rate was a provision of 26.7 during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to a provision of 27.0 during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests . Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests represents the proportionate share of net income (loss) generated by membership interests of partnerships that we do not own. The net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests was 5.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to a net loss of 1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Net Income Attributable to the Company . Net income attributable to the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 445.1 million, an increase of 239.9 million, from net income attributable to the Company of 205.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to increases in operating income of 238.3 million, realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments of 118.8 million, change in fair value of financial instruments and other of 3.8 million, and income from equity method investments of 3.4 million, partially offset by increases in provision for income taxes of 88.5 million, interest expense of 27.2 million, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests of 6.9 million, a decrease in dividend income of 1.4 million, and a decrease in interest income of 0.3 million. 
 Preferred Stock Dividends . Holders of Series A Preferred Stock, when and as authorized by the board of directors of the Company, are entitled to cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 6.875 per annum of the 25,000 liquidation preference 25.00 per Depositary Share) per year (equivalent to 1,718.75 or 1.71875 per Depositary Share). Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. On January 11, 2021, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4296875 per Depositary Share, which was paid on January 29, 2021 to holders of record as of the close of business on January 21, 2021. On April 5, 2021, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4296875 per Depositary Share, which was paid on April 30, 2021 to holders of record as of the close of business on April 20, 2021. On July 8, 2021, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4296875 per Depositary Share, which was paid on August 2, 2021 to holders of record as of the close of business on July 21, 2021. On October 6, 2021, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4296875 per Depositary Share, which was paid on November 1, 2021 to holders of record as of the close of business on October 21, 2021. 
 Holders of Series B Preferred Stock, when and as authorized by the board of directors of the Company, are entitled to cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 7.375 per annum of the 25,000 liquidation preference 25.00 per Depositary Share) per year (equivalent to 1,843.75 or 1.84375 per Depositary Share). Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. On January 11, 2021, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4609375 per Depositary Share, which was paid on January 29, 2021 to holders of record as of the close of business on January 21, 2021. On April 5, 2021, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4609375 per Depositary Share, which was paid on April 30, 2021 to holders of record as of the close of business on April 20, 2021. On July 8, 2021, the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4609375 per Depositary Share, which was paid on August 2, 2021 to holders of record as of the close of business on July 21, 2021. On October 6, 2021, 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 the Company declared a cash dividend 0.4609375 per Depositary Share, which was paid on November 1, 2021 to holders of record as of the close of business on October 21, 2021. 
 Net Income Available to Common Shareholders . Net income available to common shareholders during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 437.6 million, an increase of 237.2 million, from net income available to common shareholders of 200.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to increases in operating income of 238.3 million, realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments of 118.8 million, change in fair value of financial instruments and other of 3.7 million, and income from equity method investments of 3.4 million, partially offset by increases in provision for income taxes of 88.5 million, interest expense of approximately 27.2 million, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests of 6.9 million, preferred stock dividends of 2.7 million, a decrease in dividend income of 1.4 million, and a decrease in interest income of 0.3 million. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our operations are funded through a combination of existing cash on hand, cash generated from operations, borrowings under our senior notes payable, term loans and credit facilities, and special purpose financing arrangements. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated net loss attributable to the Company of 159.8 million and net income attributable to the Company of 445.1 million, respectively. Our net loss of 156.6 million included 202.6 million of losses that primarily related to a decrease in the fair value of our portfolio of securities and other investments owned during the year ended December 31, 2022. Our cash flows and profitability are impacted by capital markets engagements performed on a quarterly and annual basis and amounts realized from the sale of our investments in marketable securities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 268.6 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, 2.3 million of restricted cash, 1,129.3 million of securities and other investments, at fair value, 701.7 million of loans receivable, at fair value, and 2,446.8 million of borrowings outstanding. The borrowings outstanding of 2,446.8 million as of December 31, 2022 included 1,721.8 million of borrowings from the issuance of the series of senior notes that are due at various dates ranging from May 31, 2024 to August 31, 2028 with interest rates ranging from 5.00 to 6.75 , 572.1 million in term loans borrowed pursuant to the Targus, Pathlight, Lingo, BRPI Acquisition Co LLC BRPAC ), and Nomura credit agreements discussed below, 127.7 million of revolving credit facility under the Targus and Nomura credit facilities discussed below, and 25.3 million of notes payable. 
 We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, securities and other investments owned, funds available under our asset based credit facility, funds available under the Targus, Pathlight, Lingo, BRPAC, and Nomura term loans, funds available under the Targus and Nomura revolving credit facilities, and cash expected to be generated from operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months from issuance date of the accompanying financial statements. We continue to monitor our financial performance to ensure sufficient liquidity to fund operations and execute on our business plan. 
 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 Following is a summary of our cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A discussion of cash flows during the year ended December 31, 2020 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, but may be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources in our Annual Report on Form 10-K during the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022, which is available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 6,653 50,894 Investing activities (32,291) (956,534) Financing activities 17,637 1,081,045 Effect of foreign currency on cash (933) (382) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (8,934) 175,023 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 6.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash provided by operating activities of 50.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 included net loss of 156.6 million adjusted for noncash items of 47.6 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities of 115.6 million. Noncash items of 47.6 million included share-based compensation of 61.1 million, depreciation and amortization of 40.0 million, fair value adjustments of 34.9 million, impairment of leaseholds, intangibles and lease loss accrual, and gain (loss) on disposal of fixed assets of 4.9 million, provision for doubtful accounts of 4.2 million, dividends from equity method investments of 4.0 million, income allocated for mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests of 1.1 million, and effect of foreign currency on operations of 0.8 million, partially offset by deferred income taxes of 80.4 million, SPAC deconsolidation gain of 8.3 million, gain on equity method investments of 6.8 million, income from equity method investments of 3.6 million, non-cash interest and other of 3.2 million, and gain on extinguishment of debt of 1.1 million. Cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 included net income of 450.8 million adjusted for noncash items of 91.5 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities of 491.4 million. Noncash items of 91.5 million included deferred income taxes of 61.8 million, share-based compensation of 36.0 million, depreciation and amortization of 25.9 million, loss on extinguishment of debt of 6.1 million, dividends from equity method investments of 2.1 million, provision for doubtful accounts of 1.5 million, effect of foreign currency on operations of 0.1 million, and income allocated for mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests of 0.9 million, partially offset by interest and other of 22.3 million, fair value adjustments of 7.6 million, gain on extinguishment of loans of 6.5 million, gain on equity method investments of 3.5 million, income from equity method investments of 2.8 million, and impairment of leaseholds, intangibles and lease loss accrual and gain on disposal of fixed assets of 0.1 million. 
 Cash used in investing activities was 32.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to used in investing activities of 956.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities consisted of cash used for purchases of loans receivable of 503.1 million, acquisition of businesses of 261.7 million, purchases of equity method investments of 11.0 million, and purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets of 3.9 million, partially offset by cash received from loans receivable repayment of 574.9 million and funds received from trust account of subsidiary of 172.6 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in investing activities consisted of cash used for purchases of loans receivable of 738.9 million, cash of 345.0 million used to fund two trust accounts for the future redemption of our subsidiaries redeemable common stock, cash used for acquisition of businesses of 28.3 million, cash used for repayments of loan participations sold of 15.2 million, cash used for purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets of 0.7 million, and purchases of equity method investments of 0.6 million, partially offset by cash received from loans receivable repayment of 172.1 million. 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 17.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash provided by financing activities of 1,081.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities primarily consisted of proceeds from term loans of 324.2 million, proceeds from revolving line of credit of 64.9 million, proceeds from issuance of senior notes of 51.6 million, contributions from noncontrolling interests of 21.1 million, proceeds from our offering of preferred stock of 0.9 million, partially offset by redemption of subsidiary temporary equity and distributions of 172.6 million, payment of dividends on our common shares of 119.5 million, repayment on our term loans of 96.2 million, repayment of our revolving line of credit of 17.2 million, payment of employment taxes on vesting of restricted stock of 10.3 million, payment of dividends on our preferred shares of 8.0 million, payment of debt issuance costs of 8.2 million, repurchase of our common stock of 6.5 million, distribution to noncontrolling interests of 4.2 million, payment for contingent consideration of 1.8 million, 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 and repayment of our notes payable of 0.5 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities primarily consisted of 1,249.1 million proceeds from issuance of senior notes, 345.0 million proceeds from initial public offering of subsidiaries, 300.0 million proceeds from our term loan, 80.0 million proceeds from revolving line of credit, 64.7 million proceeds from our offering of common stock, 13.7 million contributions from noncontrolling interests, 14.7 million proceeds from our offering of preferred stock, partially offset by 507.3 million used to repurchase our senior notes, 347.1 million used to pay dividends on our common shares, 37.6 million used to repay our notes payable, 33.4 million used to pay debt issuance costs, 20.7 million used for repayment on our term loan, 16.5 million distribution to noncontrolling interests, 9.6 million used for payment of employment taxes on vesting of restricted stock, 7.5 million used to pay dividends on our preferred shares, 2.7 million used to repurchase our common stock, and 3.7 million used for payment of participating note payable and contingent consideration. 
 Credit Agreements 
 Targus Credit Agreement 
 On October 18, 2022, our subsidiary, Tiger US Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, among others, entered into a credit agreement Targus Credit Agreement with PNC Bank, National Association PNC ), as agent and security trustee for a five-year 28.0 million term loan and a five-year 85.0 million revolver loan, which was used to finance part of the acquisition of Targus. 
 The Targus Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, including those limiting the Borrower s ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, sell or acquire assets or businesses, change the nature of their businesses, engage in transactions with related parties, make certain investments or pay dividends. The Targus Credit Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and events of default, including payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, covenant defaults and cross defaults. If an event of default occurs, the agent would be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts outstanding under the Targus Credit Agreement. We are in compliance with all financial covenants in the Targus Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 The term loan bears interest on the outstanding principal amount equal to the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR rate plus an applicable margin of 3.75 . The revolver loan consists of base rate loans that bear interest on the outstanding principal amount equal to the base rate plus an applicable margin of 1.00 to 1.75 and term rate loans that bear interest on the outstanding principal amount equal to the revolver SOFR rate plus an applicable margin of 2.00 to 2.75 . 
 Principal outstanding is due in quarterly installments starting on December 31, 2022. Quarterly installments from December 31, 2022 to September 30, 2027 are in the amount of 1.4 million per quarter and the remaining principal balance is due at final maturity on October 18, 2027. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the term loan was 26.0 million (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 0.6 million) and the outstanding balance on the revolver loan was 53.0 million. Interest expense on these loans during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.3 million (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs and unused commitment fees of 0.2 million). The interest rate on the term loan was 8.43 and the interest rate on the revolver loan ranged between 6.03 to 9.25 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Pathlight Credit Agreement 
 On September 23, 2022, our subsidiary, B. Riley Receivables II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), entered into a credit agreement (the Pathlight Credit Agreement by and among PLC Agent, LLC in the capacity as administrative agent and Pathlight Capital Fund I LP, Pathlight Capital Fund II LP, and Pathlight Capital Fund III LP as the lenders (collectively, Pathlight for a five-year 148.2 million term loan. The Pathlight Credit Agreement was entered in connection with the purchase of the 2022 Badcock Receivable discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. On January 12, 2023, Amendment No. 2 to the Pathlight Credit Agreement increased the term loan by an additional 78.3 million. 
 The term loan bears interest on the outstanding principal amount equal to the Term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin of 6.50 . As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Pathlight Credit Agreement was 11.0 . 
 The Pathlight Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, including those limiting the Borrower s ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, sell or acquire assets or businesses, change the nature of their businesses, engage in transactions with related parties, make certain investments or pay dividends. The Pathlight Credit Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and events of default, including payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, covenant defaults and cross defaults. If an event of default occurs, the agent would be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the outstanding Pathlight Credit Agreement. We are in compliance with all financial covenants in the Pathlight Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 Principal outstanding under the Pathlight Credit Agreement is repaid based on collections of the 2022 Badcock Receivable less other application of payments as defined in the Pathlight Credit Agreement and the remaining principal balance is due at final maturity on September 23, 2027. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the term loan was 118.4 million (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 2.4 million). Interest expense on the term loan during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.3 million (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of 1.3 million). 
 Lingo Credit Agreement 
 On August 16, 2022, our subsidiary, Lingo, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), entered into a credit agreement (the Lingo Credit Agreement by and among the Borrower, the Company as the secured guarantor, and Banc of California, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent and lender, for a five-year 45.0 million term loan. This loan was used to finance part of the purchase of BullsEye by Lingo. On September 9, 2022, Lingo entered into the First Amendment to the Lingo Credit Agreement with Grasshopper Bank (the New Lender for an incremental term loan of 7.5 million, increasing the principal balance of the term loan to 52.5 million. On November 10, 2022, Lingo entered into the Second Amendment to the Lingo Credit Agreement with KeyBank National Association for an incremental term loan of 20.5 million, increasing the principal balance of the term loan to 73.0 million. 
 The term loan bears interest on the outstanding principal amount equal to the Term SOFR rate plus a margin of 3.00 to 3.75 per annum, depending on the consolidated total funded debt ratio as defined in the Lingo Credit Agreement, plus applicable spread adjustment. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Lingo Credit Agreement was 7.89 . 
 The agreement contains certain covenants, including those limiting the Borrower s ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, sell or acquire assets or businesses, change the nature of their businesses, engage in transactions with related parties, make certain investments or pay dividends. In addition, the agreement requires the Borrower to maintain certain financial ratios. The agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and events of default, including payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, covenant defaults and cross defaults. If an event of default occurs, the agent would be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the outstanding agreement. We are in compliance with all financial covenants in the Lingo Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 Principal outstanding is due in quarterly installments starting on March 31, 2023. Quarterly installments from March 31, 2023 to December 31, 2023 are in the amount of 2.3 million per quarter, from March 31, 2024 to December 31, 2024 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 are in the amount of 2.7 million per quarter, from March 31, 2025 to June 30, 2027 are in the amount of 3.7 million, and the remaining principal balance is due at final maturity on August 16, 2027. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the term loan was 72.0 million (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 1.0 million). Interest expense on the term loan during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.6 million (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of 0.1 million). 
 Nomura Credit Agreement 
 On June 23, 2021, we and our wholly owned subsidiaries, BR Financial Holdings, LLC (the Primary Guarantor ), and BR Advisory Investments, LLC (the Borrower entered into a credit agreement (as amended prior to the Second Amendment (as defined below) the Credit Agreement with Nomura Corporate Funding Americas, LLC, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent ), for a four-year 200.0 million secured term loan credit facility (the Term Loan Facility and a four-year 80.0 million secured revolving loan credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). 
 On December 17, 2021 (the Amendment Date ), we, the Primary Guarantor, and the Borrower entered into a Second Incremental Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment ), by and among the Company, the Primary Guarantor, the Borrower, each of the subsidiary guarantors signatory thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, pursuant to which the Borrower established an incremental facility in an aggregate principal amount of 100.0 million (the Incremental Facility and the incremental term loans made thereunder, the Incremental Term Loans of secured term loans under the Credit Agreement on terms identical to those applicable to the Term Loan Facility. The Borrower borrowed the full amount of the Incremental Term Loans on the Amendment Date. The Term Loan Facility, Revolving Credit Facility, and Incremental Facility, together, Credit Facilities ), mature on June 23, 2025, subject to acceleration or prepayment. 
 Eurodollar loans under the Credit Facilities accrue interest at the Eurodollar Rate plus an applicable margin of 4.50 . Base rate loans accrue interest at the specified base rate plus an applicable margin of 3.50 . In addition to paying interest on outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company is required to pay a quarterly commitment fee based on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility, which is determined by the average utilization of the facility for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. 
 Subject to certain eligibility requirements, the assets of certain subsidiaries of the Company that hold credit assets, private equity assets, and public equity assets are placed into a borrowing base, which serves to limit the borrowings under the Credit Facilities. If borrowings under the facilities exceed the borrowing base, the Company is obligated to prepay the loans in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. The Credit Agreement and the Second Amendment contain certain representations and warranties (subject to certain agreed qualifications) that are customary for financings of this kind. 
 The Credit Agreement and the Second Amendment contain certain affirmative and negative covenants customary for financings of this type that, among other things, limit our, the Primary Guarantor s, the Borrower s, and the Borrower s subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness or liens, to dispose of assets, to make certain fundamental changes, to enter into restrictive agreements, to make certain investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions, to prepay certain indebtedness and to pay dividends or to make other distributions or redemptions/repurchases in respect of their respective equity interests. In addition, the Credit Agreement and the Second Amendment contain a financial covenant that requires us to maintain Operating EBITDA of at least 135.0 million and the Primary Guarantor to maintain net asset value of at least 1,100.0 million. The Credit Agreement and the Second Amendment contain customary events of default, including with respect to a failure to make payments under the credit facilities, cross-default, certain bankruptcy and insolvency events and customary change of control events. We are in compliance with all financial covenants in the Nomura Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 Commencing on September 30, 2022, the Term Loan Facility and Incremental Facility is amortizing in equal quarterly installments of 1.25 of the aggregate principal amount of the term loan as of the closing date with the remaining balance due at final maturity on June 23, 2025. Quarterly installments from March 31, 2023 to March 31, 2025 are in the amount of 3.8 million per quarter. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance on the Term Loan Facility and Incremental Facility was 287.0 million (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 5.5 million) and 292.7 million (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 7.4 million), respectively. Interest on the term loan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 was 21.3 million (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of 2.1 million) and 5.9 million (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of 0.8 million), respectively. The interest rate on the term loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 9.23 and 4.72 , respectively. 
 We had an outstanding balance of 74.7 million and 80.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest on the revolving facility during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 5.4 million (including unused commitment fees of 0.01 million and amortization of deferred financing costs of 0.6 million) and 1.9 million (including unused commitment fees of 0.08 million and amortization of deferred financing costs of 0.3 million), respectively. The interest rate on the revolving facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 9.23 and 4.67 , respectively. 
 Wells Fargo Credit Agreement 
 We are party to a credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement governing our asset based credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo Bank with a maximum borrowing limit of 200.0 million and a maturity date of April 20, 2027. Cash advances and the issuance of letters of credit under the credit facility are made at the lender s discretion. The letters of credit issued under this facility are furnished by the lender to third parties for the principal purpose of securing minimum guarantees under liquidation services contracts. All outstanding loans, letters of credit, and interest are due on the expiration date which is generally within 180 days of funding. The credit facility is secured by the proceeds received for services rendered in connection with liquidation service contracts pursuant to which any outstanding loan or letters of credit are issued and the assets that are sold at liquidation related to such contract. The interest rate for each revolving credit advance under the Credit Agreement is subject to certain terms and conditions, equal to SOFR plus a margin of 2.25 to 3.25 depending on the type of advance and the percentage such advance represents of the related transaction for which such advance is provided. The credit facility provides for success fees in the amount of 1.0 to 10.0 of the net profits, if any, earned on the liquidation engagements funded under the Credit Agreement as set forth therein. The credit facility also provides for funding fees in the amount of 0.05 to 0.20 of the aggregate principal amount of all credit advances and letters of credit issued in connection with a liquidation sale. Interest expense totaled 0.2 million, 0.4 million, and 0.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. There is no outstanding balance on this credit facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no open letters of credit outstanding. We are in compliance with all financial covenants in the asset based credit facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 BRPAC Credit Agreement 
 On December 19, 2018, BRPI Acquisition Co LLC BRPAC ), a Delaware limited liability company, UOL, and YMAX Corporation, Delaware corporations (collectively, the Borrowers ), indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of ours, in the capacity as borrowers, entered into a credit agreement (the BRPAC Credit Agreement with the Banc of California, N.A. in the capacity as agent (the Agent and lender and with the other lenders party thereto (the Closing Date Lenders ). Certain of the Borrowers U.S. subsidiaries are guarantors of all obligations under the BRPAC Credit Agreement and are parties to the BRPAC Credit Agreement in such capacity (collectively, the Secured Guarantors and together with the Borrowers, the Credit Parties ). In addition, we and B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC, the parent corporation of BRPAC and a subsidiary of ours, are guarantors of the obligations under the BRPAC Credit Agreement pursuant to standalone guaranty agreements pursuant to which the shares outstanding membership interests of BRPAC are pledged as collateral. 
 The obligations under the BRPAC Credit Agreement are secured by first-priority liens on, and first priority security interest in, substantially all of the assets of the Credit Parties, including a pledge of (a) 100.00 of the equity interests of the Credit Parties, (b) 65 of the equity interests in United Online Software Development (India) Private Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of India; and (c) 65 of the equity interests in magicJack VocalTec LTD., a limited company organized under the laws of Israel. 
 The BRPAC Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, including those limiting the Credit Parties and their subsidiaries ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, sell or acquire assets or businesses, change the nature of their businesses, engage in transactions with related parties, make certain investments or pay dividends. In addition, the BRPAC Credit Agreement requires the Credit Parties to maintain certain financial ratios. The BRPAC Credit Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and events of default, including payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, covenant defaults and cross defaults. If an event of default occurs, the agent would be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the outstanding BRPAC 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Agreement. We are in compliance with all financial covenants in the BRPAC Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 Through a series of amendments, including the most recent Fourth Amendment to the BRPAC Credit Agreement (the Fourth Amendment on June 21, 2022, the Borrowers, the Secured Guarantors, the Agent and the Closing Date Lenders agreed to the following, among other things: (i) the Lenders agreed to make a new 75.0 million term loan to the Borrowers, the proceeds of which the Borrowers used to repay the outstanding principal amount of the existing terms loans and optional loans and will use for other general corporate purposes, (ii) a new applicable margin level of 3.50 was established as set forth from the date of the Fourth Amendment, (iii) Marconi Wireless was added to the Borrowers, (iv) the maturity date of the term loan was set to June 30, 2027, and (v) the Borrowers were permitted to make certain distributions to the parent company of the Borrowers. 
 The borrowings under the amended BRPAC Credit Agreement bear interest equal to the Term SOFR rate plus a margin of 2.75 to 3.50 per annum, depending on the Borrowers consolidated total funded debt ratio as defined in the BRPAC Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the interest rate on the BRPAC Credit Agreement was 7.65 and 3.17 , respectively. 
 Principal outstanding under the Amended BRPAC Credit Agreement is due in quarterly installments. Quarterly installments from March 31, 2023 to December 31, 2023 are in the amount of 4.7 million per quarter, from March 31, 2024 to December 31, 2026 are in the amount of 3.8 million per quarter, on March 31, 2027 is in the amount of 2.8 million, and the remaining principal balance is due at final maturity on June 30, 2027. 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the outstanding balance on the term loan was 68.7 million (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 0.7 million) and 53.7 million (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 0.6 million), respectively. Interest expense on the term loan during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was 3.5 million (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of 0.3 million), 2.5 million (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of 0.3 million) and 2.4 million (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of 0.3 million), respectively. 
 Senior Note Offerings 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued 111.8 million and 233.4 million, respectively, of senior notes with maturity dates ranging from May 2024 to August 2028 pursuant to At the Market Issuance Sales Agreements with B. Riley Securities, Inc. which governs the program of at-the-market sales of the Company s senior notes. We filed a series of prospectus supplements with the SEC in respect of our offerings of these senior notes. 
 On November 15, 2022, we issued 60.0 million of senior notes due in May 2024 6.75 2024 Notes pursuant to a prospectus supplement. Interest on the 6.75 2024 Notes is payable quarterly at 6.75 . The 6.75 2024 Notes are unsecured and due and payable in full on May 30, 2024. In connection with the issuance of the 6.75 2024 Notes, we received net proceeds of 59.0 million (after underwriting commissions, fees and other issuance costs of 1.0 million) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total senior notes outstanding was 1,721.8 million (net of unamortized debt issue costs of 18.1 million) and 1,606.6 million (net of unamortized debt issue costs of 21.5 million) with a weighted average interest rate of 5.75 and 5.69 , respectively. Interest on senior notes is payable on a quarterly basis. Interest expense on senior notes totaled 99.9 million and 81.5 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The most recent sales agreement prospectus was filed by us with the SEC on January 5, 2022 (the January 2022 Sales Agreement Prospectus ), supplementing the prospectus filed on August 11, 2021, the prospectus filed on April 6, 2021, and the prospectus filed on January 28, 2021. This program provides for the sale by us of up to 250.0 million of certain of our senior notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 69.5 million and 111.9 million, respectively, remaining availability under the January 2022 Sales Agreement. 
 
 Dividends 
 From time to time, we may decide to pay dividends which will be dependent upon our financial condition and results of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we paid cash dividends on our common stock of 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 119.5 million, and 347.1 million, respectively. On February 22, 2023, the Company declared a regular quarterly dividend of 1.00 per share, which will be paid on or about March 23, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 10, 2023. On October 28, 2021, the Board of Directors announced an increase to the regular quarterly dividend from 0.50 per share to 1.00 per share. While it is the Board s current intention to make regular dividend payments of 1.00 per share each quarter and special dividend payments dependent upon exceptional circumstances from time to time, our Board of Directors may reduce or discontinue the payment of dividends at any time for any reason it deems relevant. The declaration and payment of any future dividends or repurchases of our common stock will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, capital expenditures, and other factors that may be deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
 A summary of our common stock dividend activity during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 Date Declared Date Paid Stockholder Record Date Regular Dividend Amount Special Dividend Amount Total Dividend Amount November 3, 2022 November 29, 2022 November 15, 2022 1.000 1.000 July 28, 2022 August 23, 2022 August 11, 2022 1.000 1.000 April 28, 2022 May 20, 2022 May 11, 2022 1.000 1.000 February 23, 2022 March 23, 2022 March 9, 2022 1.000 1.000 October 28, 2021 November 23, 2021 November 9, 2021 1.000 3.000 4.000 July 29, 2021 August 26, 2021 August 13, 2021 0.500 1.500 2.000 May 3, 2021 May 28, 2021 May 17, 2021 0.500 2.500 3.000 February 25, 2021 March 24, 2021 March 10, 2021 0.500 3.000 3.500 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock, when and as authorized by our board of directors, are entitled to cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 6.875 per annum of the 0.03 million liquidation preference 25.00 per Depositary Share) per year (equivalent to 1,718.75 or 1.71875 per Depositary Share). Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, dividends in arrears in respect of the Depositary Shares were 0.8 million and 0.8 million, respectively. On January 9, 2023, the Company declared a cash dividend of 0.4296875 per Depositary Share, which was paid on January 31, 2023 to holders of record as of the close of business on January 20, 2023. 
 Holders of Series B Preferred Stock, when and as authorized by our board of directors, are entitled to cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 7.375 per annum of the 0.03 million liquidation preference 25.00 per Depositary Share) per year (equivalent to 1,843.75 or 1.84375 per Depositary Share). Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, dividends in arrears in respect of the Depositary Shares were 0.5 million and 0.5 million, respectively. On January 9, 2023, the Company declared a cash dividend of 0.4609375 per Depositary Share, which was paid on January 31, 2023 to holders of record as of the close of business on January 20, 2023. 
 A summary of our preferred stock dividend activity during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 Preferred Dividend per Depositary Share Date Declared Date Paid Stockholder Record Date Series A Series B October 10, 2022 October 31, 2022 October 21, 2022 0.4296875 0.4609375 July 7, 2022 July 29, 2022 July 19, 2022 0.4296875 0.4609375 April 7, 2022 April 29, 2022 April 19, 2022 0.4296875 0.4609375 January 10, 2022 January 31, 2022 January 21, 2022 0.4296875 0.4609375 October 6, 2021 November 1, 2021 October 21, 2021 0.4296875 0.4609375 July 8, 2021 August 2, 2021 July 21, 2021 0.4296875 0.4609375 April 5, 2021 April 30, 2021 April 20, 2021 0.4296875 0.4609375 January 11, 2021 January 29, 2021 January 21, 2021 0.4296875 0.4609375 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our financial statements and the notes thereto contain information that is pertinent to management s discussion and analysis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. On a continual basis, management reviews its estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such reviews, and if deemed appropriate, management s estimates are adjusted accordingly. Actual results may vary from these estimates and assumptions under different and/or future circumstances. Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if: 
 it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made; and 
 changes in the estimate, or the use of different estimating methods that could have been selected, could have a material impact on results of operations or financial condition. 
 Use of Estimates. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting period. Estimates are used when accounting for certain items such as valuation of securities, allowance for doubtful accounts, the fair value of loans receivables, intangible assets and goodwill, share based arrangements, contingent consideration, accounting for income tax valuation allowances, recovery of contract assets, and sales returns and allowances. Estimates are based on historical experience, where applicable, and assumptions that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved with estimates, actual results may differ. 
 Our diversified financial platform is affected by a variety of factors including the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, higher inflation, the actions by the Federal Reserve to address inflation, the possibility of recession or an economic downturn, Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and rising energy prices. These factors create uncertainty about the future economic environment which will continue to evolve and may impact our business in future periods. These developments and the impact on the financial markets and the overall economy continue to be highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the financial markets and/or the overall economy continue to be impacted, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Management believes that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition . We recognize revenues under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 
 Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or performance obligations for services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services. 
 Revenues from contracts with customers in the Capital Markets segment, Wealth Management segment, Auction and Liquidation segment, Financial Consulting segment, Communications segment, Consumer segment and the All Other category are primarily comprised of the following: 
 Capital Markets Segment - Fees earned from corporate finance and investment banking services are derived from debt, equity and convertible securities offerings in which the Company acted as an underwriter or placement agent. Fees from underwriting activities are recognized as revenues when the performance obligation for the services related to the underwriting transaction is satisfied under the terms of the engagement and is not subject to any other contingencies. Fees are also earned from financial advisory and consulting services rendered in connection with client mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, recapitalizations and other strategic transactions. The performance obligation for financial advisory services is satisfied over time as work progresses on the engagement and services are delivered to the client. The performance obligation for financial advisory services may also include success and performance-based fees which are recognized as 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 revenue when the performance obligation is no longer constrained and it is not probable that the revenue recognized would be subject to significant reversal in a future period. Generally, it is probable that the revenue recognized is no longer subject to significant reversal upon the closing of the investment banking transaction. 
 Fees from asset management services are recognized over the period the performance obligation for the services are provided. Asset management fees are primarily comprised of fees for asset management services and are generally based on the dollar amount of the assets being managed. 
 Revenues from sales and trading are recognized when the performance obligation is satisfied and include commissions resulting from equity securities transactions executed as agent or principal and are recorded on a trade date basis and fees paid for equity research. 
 Revenues from other sources in the Capital Markets segment is primarily comprised of (i) interest income from loans receivable and securities lending activities, (ii) related net trading gains and losses from market making activities, the commitment of capital to facilitate customer orders, (iii) trading activities of equity and other securities for the Company s account, and (iv) other income. 
 Interest income from securities lending activities consists of interest income from equity and fixed income securities that are borrowed from one party and loaned to another. The Company maintains relationships with a broad group of banks and broker-dealers to facilitate the sourcing, borrowing and lending of equity and fixed income securities in a matched book to limit the Company s exposure to fluctuations in the market value or securities borrowed and securities loaned. 
 Other revenues include (i) net trading gains and losses from market making activities in our fixed income group, (ii) carried interest from our asset management recognized as earnings from financial assets within the scope of ASC 323 - Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures , and therefore will not be in the scope of ASC 606 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers . In accordance with ASC 323 - Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures , the Company records investment income based on the change in our proportionate claim on net assets of the investment fund, including performance-based capital allocations, assuming the investment fund was liquidated as of each reporting date pursuant to each fund s governing agreements, and (iii) other miscellaneous income. 
 Wealth Management segment - Fees from wealth management asset advisory services consist primarily of investment advisory fees that are recognized over the period the performance obligation for the services provided. Investment advisory and asset management fees are primarily comprised of fees for investment services and are generally based on the dollar amount of the assets being managed. Investment advisory fee revenues as a principal registered investment advisor RIA are recognized on a gross basis. Asset management fee revenues as an agent are recognized on a net basis. 
 Revenues from sales and trading are recognized when the performance obligation is satisfied and include commissions resulting from equity securities transactions executed as agent and are recorded on a trade date basis. 
 Auction and Liquidation segment - Commission and fees earned on the sale of goods at Auction and Liquidation sales are recognized when evidence of a contract or arrangement exists, the transaction price has been determined, and the performance obligation has been satisfied when control of the product and risks of ownership has been transferred to the buyer. The commission and fees earned for these services are included in revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Under these types of arrangements, revenues also include contractual reimbursable costs. 
 Revenues earned from Auction and Liquidation services contracts where the Company guarantees a minimum recovery value for goods being sold at auction or liquidation are recognized over time when the performance obligation is satisfied. We generally use the cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of services to the customer which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. Under the cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenues, including estimated fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Costs to fulfill the contract include labor and other direct costs incurred by the Company related to the contract. Due to the nature of the guarantees and performance obligations under these contracts, the estimation of revenue that is ultimately earned is complex and subject to many variables and requires significant judgment. It is common for these contracts to contain provisions that can either increase or decrease the transaction price upon completion of our performance obligations under the contract. Estimated amounts are included in the transaction price at the most likely amount it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur. Our estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether or not to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based on an assessment of our 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 anticipated performance under the contract taking into consideration all historical, current and forecasted information that is reasonably available to us. Costs that directly relate to the contract and expected to be recoverable are capitalized as an asset and included in advances against customer contracts in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. These costs are amortized as the services are transferred to the customer over the contract period, which generally does not exceed six months, and the expense is recognized as a component of direct cost of services. If, during the auction or liquidation sale, the Company determines that the total costs to be incurred on a performance obligation under a contract exceeds the total estimated revenues to be earned, a provision for the entire loss on the performance obligation is recognized in the period the loss is determined. 
 If the Company determines that the variable consideration used in the initial determination of the transaction price for the contract is such that the total recoveries from the auction or liquidation will not exceed the guaranteed recovery values or advances made in accordance with the contract, the transaction price will be reduced and a loss or negative revenue could result from the performance obligation. A provision for the entire loss as negative revenue on the performance obligation is recognized in the period the loss is determined. 
 Financial Consulting Segment Revenues in the Financial Consulting segment are primarily comprised of fees earned from providing bankruptcy, financial advisory, forensic accounting, real estate consulting and valuation and appraisal services. Fees earned from bankruptcy, financial advisory, forensic accounting and real estate consulting services are rendered to clients over time as work progresses on the engagement and services are delivered to the client. Fees may also include success and performance-based fees which are recognized as revenue when the performance obligation is no longer constrained and it is not probable that the revenue recognized would be subject to significant reversal in a future period. Revenues for valuation and appraisal services are recognized when the performance obligation is completed and is generally at the point in time upon delivery of the report to the customer. Revenues in the Financial Consulting segment also include contractual reimbursable costs. 
 Communications Segment Revenues in the Communications segment are primarily comprised of subscription services revenues which consist of fees charged to United Online pay accounts; revenues from the sale of the magicJack access rights; revenues from access rights renewals and mobile apps; prepaid minutes revenues; revenues from access and wholesale charges; service revenue from unified communication as a service UCaaS hosting services; and revenues from mobile phone voice, text, and data services. Products revenues consist of revenues from the sale of magicJack, mobile phone, and mobile broadband service devices, including the related shipping and handling and installation fees, if applicable. This segment s revenues also include advertising revenues which consist primarily of amounts from the Company s Internet search partner that are generated as a result of users utilizing the partner s Internet search services and amounts generated from display advertisements. The Company recognizes such advertising revenues in the period in which the advertisement is displayed or, for performance-based arrangements, when the related performance criteria are met. 
 Subscription service revenues are recognized over time in the service period in which the transaction price has been determinable and the related performance obligations for services are provided to the customer. Fees charged to customers in advance are initially recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as deferred revenue and then recognized ratably over the service period as the performance obligations are provided. 
 Product revenues for hardware and shipping are recognized at the time of delivery. Revenues from sales of devices and services represent revenues recognized from sales of the magicJack devices to retailers or direct to customers, net of returns, and rights to access the Company s servers over the period associated with the access right period, and from sales of mobile phones and voice, text, and data services. The transaction price for devices is allocated between equipment and service based on stand-alone selling prices. Revenues allocated to devices are recognized upon delivery (when control transfers to the customer), and service revenue is recognized ratably over the service term. The Company estimates the return of magicJack device direct sales as part of the transaction price using a six month rolling average of historical returns. 
 Consumer Segment Revenues in the Consumer segment primarily consists of the global sales of notebook computer carrying cases and computer accessories; licensing revenues from various licensing agreements that provide revenue based on guaranteed minimum royalty amounts and advertising/marketing fees with additional royalty revenue based on a percentage of defined sales. 
 Global sales of consumer goods to customers are subject to contracts that contain a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at a point in time when control of the product transfers to the customer which is generally upon product shipment. Customers consist primarily of equipment manufacturers, distributors (servicing resellers and corporate 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 end-customers), and retailers. Generally, the terms of the contracts for the sale of global goods do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to products with defects or damages. 
 Licensing revenues include guaranteed minimum royalty amounts that are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the contract term. Royalty payments exceeding the guaranteed minimum amounts in a specific contract year are recognized only subsequent to when the guaranteed minimum amount has been achieved. Other licensing fees are recognized at a point in time once the performance obligations have been satisfied. Payments received as consideration for the grant of a license are recorded as deferred revenue at the time payment is received and recognized ratably as revenue over the term of the license agreement. Advanced royalty payments are recorded as deferred revenue at the time payment is received and recognized as revenue when earned. Royalty revenue is not recognized unless collectability is probable. 
 All Other - Revenue from the All Other category come from a regional environmental services business in the New York metropolitan area and a landscaping business in the southeast United States. Revenue is recognized when the customer obtains control of the good or the service is provided. 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses inherent in our accounts receivable portfolio. In establishing the required allowance, management utilizes the expected loss model. Management also considers historical losses adjusted for current market conditions and the customers financial condition, the amount of receivables in dispute, and the current receivables aging and current payment patterns. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The bad debt expense is included as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. We account for goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with the accounting guidance which requires that goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives be tested for impairment annually or on an interim basis if events or circumstances indicate that the fair value of an asset has decreased below its carrying value. 
 Goodwill includes the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in business combinations and the acquisition of noncontrolling interests. The Codification requires that goodwill be tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment). Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units, assigning goodwill to reporting units, and determining the fair value. The Company operates six reporting units, which are the same as its reporting segments described in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements. Significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of reporting units which includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates and other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or goodwill impairment. 
 When testing goodwill for impairment, in accordance with ASC 350, the Company made an assessment of qualitative factors on goodwill and other intangible assets and concluded that a positive assertion could be made that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting units exceeded their carrying values. In performing the analysis, qualitative factors indicated that it could be more likely than not that the carrying value of goodwill in the Wealth Management segment could be impaired as a result of the segment loss incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test for its Wealth Management segment and determined the fair value of this reporting segment using the market approach and income approach exceeded the carrying value of goodwill. The Company concluded there was no impairment of goodwill in the Wealth Management segment. No impairments of goodwill were identified during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company reviews the carrying value of its amortizable intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset or asset group to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If the undiscounted cash flows of such assets are less than the carrying amount, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, if any, exceeds its fair market value. 
 Fair Value Measurements. The Company records loans receivable, securities and other investments owned, securities sold not yet purchased, and mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests that were issued after November 5, 2003 at fair value with fair value determined in accordance with the Codification. Our mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 interests are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the three levels of fair value hierarchy. In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments that are highly liquid, observable and actively traded in over-the-counter markets. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable and can be corroborated by market data. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 
 The fair value of mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests is determined based on the issuance of similar interests for cash, references to industry comparables, and relied, in part, on information obtained from appraisal reports and internal valuation models. 
 Investments in partnership interests include investments in private equity partnerships that primarily invest in equity securities, bonds, and direct lending funds. We also invest in priority investment funds and the underlying securities held by these funds are primarily corporate and asset-backed fixed income securities and restrictions exist on the redemption of amounts invested by the Company. The Company s partnership and investment fund interests are valued based on the Company s proportionate share of the net assets of the partnerships and funds; the value for these investments is derived from the most recent statements received from the general partner or fund administrator. These partnership and investment fund interests are valued at net asset value NAV in accordance with ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurements . 
 The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements for cash, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The carrying amounts of the notes payable (including credit lines used to finance liquidation engagements), long-term debt and capital lease obligations approximate fair value because the contractual interest rates or effective yields of such instruments are consistent with current market rates of interest for instruments of comparable credit risk. 
 Income Taxes. The Company recognizes deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial statement basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect during the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company estimates the degree to which tax assets and credit carryforwards will result in a benefit based on expected profitability by tax jurisdiction. A valuation allowance for such tax assets and loss carryforwards is provided when it is determined to be more likely than not that the benefit of such deferred tax asset will not be realized in future periods. Tax benefits of operating loss carryforwards are evaluated on an ongoing basis, including a review of historical and projected future operating results, the eligible carryforward period, and other circumstances. If it becomes more likely than not that a tax asset will be used, the related valuation allowance on such assets would be reduced. 
 The Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. Once this threshold has been met, the Company s measurement of its expected tax benefits is recognized in its financial statements. The Company accrues interest on unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Penalties, if incurred, would be recognized as a component of income tax expense. 
 
 Recent Accounting Standards 
 See Note 3(ac) to the accompanying financial statements for recent accounting standards we have not yet adopted and recently adopted. 
 
 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We periodically use derivative instruments, which primarily consist of the purchase of forward exchange contracts, for certain loans receivable and Auction and Liquidation engagements with operations outside the United States. As of 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022, no forward exchange contracts were outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, 6.0 million forward exchange contracts were outstanding. 
 The forward exchange contracts were entered into to improve the predictability of cash flows related to a retail store liquidation engagement and a loan receivable. The forward exchange contracts had a net gain of 0.1 million and net gain of 1.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This amount is reported as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 We transact business in various foreign currencies. In countries where the functional currency of the underlying operations has been determined to be the local country s currency, revenues and expenses of operations outside the United States are translated into United States dollars using average exchange rates while assets and liabilities of operations outside the United States are translated into United States dollars using period-end exchange rates. The effects of foreign currency translation adjustments are included in stockholders equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Transaction gains (losses) are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our primary exposure to market risk consists of risk related to changes in interest rates. We utilize borrowings under our senior notes payable and credit facilities to fund costs and expenses incurred in connection with our acquisitions and operations. Borrowings under our senior notes payable are at fixed interest rates and borrowings under our credit facilities bear interest at floating rates of interest. In our portfolio of securities owned we invest in loans receivable that primarily bear interest at a floating rate of interest. If floating rates of interest had increased by 1 during the year ended December 31, 2022, the rate increase would have resulted in an increase in interest expense of 4.2 million. 
 The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve capital for the purpose of funding operations while at the same time maximizing the income we receive from investments without significantly increasing risk. To achieve these objectives, our investments allow us to maintain a portfolio of cash equivalents, short-term investments through a variety of securities owned that primarily includes common stocks, loans receivable and investments in partnership interests. Our cash and cash equivalents through December 31, 2022 included amounts in bank checking and liquid money market accounts. We may be exposed to interest rate risk through trading activities in convertible and fixed income securities as well as U.S. Treasury securities, however, based on our daily monitoring of this risk, we believe we currently have limited exposure to interest rate risk in these activities. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 The majority of our operating activities are conducted in U.S. dollars. Revenues generated from our foreign subsidiaries totaled 101.9 million and 50.5 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, or 9.4 and 3.3 of our total revenues of 1,080.7 million and 1,554.7 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at period-end rates, with the exception of revenues, costs, and expenses, which are translated at average rates during the reporting period. We include gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions in income, while we exclude those resulting from translation of financial statements from income and include them as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains (losses), which were included in our consolidated statements of operations, amounted to a gain of 2.2 million and gain of 1.3 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We may be exposed to foreign currency risk; however, our operating results during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included 101.9 million and 50.5 million of revenues and 55.0 million and 42.8 million of operating expenses, respectively, from our foreign subsidiaries and a 10 appreciation or depreciation of the U.S. dollar relative to the local currency exchange rates would result in an approximately 5.9 million and 0.7 million change in our operating income during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The information required by this Item 8 is submitted as a separate section beginning on page 91 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Financial Statements ). 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Based upon the foregoing evaluation, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses described in the Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired Targus Cayman Holdco Limited Targus ), Atlantic Coast Fibers, LLC ACR ), BullsEye Telecom BullsEye and Lingo Management, LLC Lingo ). We are in the process of integrating these acquisitions and will be conducting an evaluation of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Excluding the above mentioned acquisitions, there have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) to which this report relates that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management has excluded from its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 the internal control over financial reporting of the Targus, ACR, BullsEye, and Lingo and their subsidiaries. These acquisitions total assets and total revenues represents 6.6 and 18.3 , respectively, of our related consolidated financial statements amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, our management concluded there is a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting as December 31, 2022, related to: 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

The Company identified a material weakness relating to the operating effectiveness of management's review controls over key assumptions that are utilized to determine the fair value of intangible assets for new acquisitions and the fair value of reporting units in the Company s assessment of goodwill impairment. 
 
 The Company identified a material weakness relating to the operating effectiveness of management's review controls over the income tax provision such that management's review procedures were not operating at a level of precision to prevent or detect a potential material misstatement in the consolidated statements. 
 
 The Company identified a material weakness relating to the operating effectiveness of management s review controls over the presentation and classification of dividend income and realized and unrealized gains (losses) on certain equity securities. 
 
 Remediation 
 The Company s material weaknesses relating to the operating effectiveness of management's review controls over key assumptions that are utilized to determine the fair value of intangible assets for new acquisitions and the fair value of reporting units and management s review controls over the income tax provision described above did not result in a material adjustment to the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company s material weakness for presentation and classification of dividend income and realized and unrealized gains (losses) on certain equity securities resulted in the correction to reclassify certain revenue amounts to other income in the consolidated statement of operations and did not result in changes to the balance sheet, statement of equity, statement of cash flows, net income (loss) or earnings per share as previously reported. 
 Management continues to implement measures designed to ensure that the control deficiency contributing to the material weakness is remediated, such that the controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions include the enhancement of control activity evidence, improvement of the precision level of management review controls, and reclassification of dividend income and realized and unrealized gains (losses) on certain equity securities. 
 We believe that these actions will remediate the material weakness. The weakness will not be considered remediated, however, until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect that the remediation of this material weakness will be completed prior to the end of fiscal 2023. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Marcum LLP, has audited the consolidated financial statements and has issued an adverse attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report which is included in the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information called for by this item is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which Proxy Statement is anticipated to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information called for by this item is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which Proxy Statement is anticipated to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information called for by this item is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which Proxy Statement is anticipated to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information called for by this item is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which Proxy Statement is anticipated to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information called for by this item is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which Proxy Statement is anticipated to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements. The Company s Consolidated Financial Statements required to be filed in the Annual Report on the Form 10-K and the notes thereto, together with the report of the independent auditors on those Consolidated Financial Statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of the Company, are hereby filed as part of this report, beginning on page 91. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. Financial Statement Schedules other than those listed above have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the information is otherwise included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (b) Exhibits and Index to Exhibits, below. 
 (c) Exhibit Index 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, dated as of August 17, 2015. 
 10-Q 3.1 8/3/2018 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated as of November 6, 2014. 
 10-Q 3.6 11/6/2014 3.3 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of B. Riley Financial, Inc., dated April 3, 2019. 
 8-K 3.1 4/9/2019 3.4 Certificate of Designation designating the 6.875 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
 8-K 3.1 10/7/2019 3.5 Certificate of Designation designating the 7.375 Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
 8-K 3.1 9/4/2020 4.1 Form of common stock certificate. 
 10-K 4.1 3/30/2015 4.2 Base Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2016, by and between the registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 11/2/2016 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 31, 2017, by and between the registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 5/31/2017 4.4 Form of 7.50 Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.3). 
 8-K 4.1 5/31/2017 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2017, by and between the registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 12/13/2017 4.6 Form of 7.25 Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.5). 
 8-K 4.1 12/13/2017 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 4.7 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 17, 2018, by and between the registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 5/17/2018 4.8 Form of 7.375 Senior Note due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.7). 
 8-K 4.2 5/17/2018 4.9 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2018, by and between the registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 9/11/2018 4.10 Form of 6.875 Senior Note due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.9). 
 8-K 4.2 9/11/2018 4.11 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 23, 2019, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.3 9/23/2019 4.12 Form of 6.50 Senior Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.11). 
 8-K 4.4 9/23/2019 4.13 Deposit Agreement, dated October 7, 2019, among B. Riley Financial, Inc., Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Depositary, and the holders of depositary receipts, with respect to B. Riley Financial, Inc. s 6.875 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock. 
 8-K 4.1 10/7/2019 4.14 Form of Specimen Certificate representing the 6.875 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
 8-K 4.2 10/7/2019 4.15 Form of Depositary Receipt. 
 8-K 4.3 10/7/2019 4.16 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 12, 2020, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.4 2/12/2020 4.17 Form of 6.375 Senior Note due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.16). 
 8-K 4.4 2/12/2020 4.18 Deposit Agreement, dated September 4, 2020, among B. Riley Financial, Inc., Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Depositary, and the holders of depositary receipts, with respect to B. Riley Financial, Inc. s 7.375 Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 8-K 4.1 9/4/2020 4.19 Form of Specimen certificate representing the 7.375 Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
 8-K 4.2 9/4/2020 4.20 Form of Depositary Receipt. 
 8-K 4.3 9/4/2020 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 4.21 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 25, 2021, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 8-K 4.5 1/25/2021 4.22 Form of 6.00 Senior Note due 2028 
 8-K 4.6 1/25/2021 4.23 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 29, 2021, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 8-K 4.6 3/29/2021 4.24 Form of 5.50 Senior Note due 2026 
 8-K 4.7 3/29/2021 4.25 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 6, 2021, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 8-K 4.7 8/6/2021 4.26 Form of 5.25 Senior Note due 2028 
 8-K 4.8 8/6/2021 4.27 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 3, 2021, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 8-K 4.8 12/3/2021 4.28 Form of 5.00 Senior Note due 2026 
 8-K 4.9 12/3/2021 4.29 Description of Registered Securities 
 10.1 Security Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2008, by and between Great American Group WF, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (Successor to Wells Fargo Retail Finance, LLC). 
 10-Q 10.8 8/31/2009 10.2 Escrow Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2009, by and among Alternative Asset Management Acquisition Corp., the registrant, Andrew Gumaer, as the Member Representative, and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 8-K 10.6 8/6/2009 10.3# Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement. 
 8-K 10.11 8/6/2009 10.4 Loan and Security Agreement (Accounts Receivable Inventory Line of Credit), dated as of May 17, 2011, by and between BFI Business Finance and Great American Group Advisory Valuation Services, LLC. 
 8-K 10.1 5/26/2011 10.5 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2013, by and between Great American Group WF, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
 8-K 10.1 7/19/2013 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.6 Third Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated as of July 15, 2013, by and between the registrant and Great American Group, LLC, in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
 8-K 10.2 7/19/2013 10.7 Uncommitted Liquidation Finance Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2014, by and among GA Asset Advisors Limited, each special purpose vehicle affiliated to GA Asset Advisors Limited which accedes to such agreement, and Burdale Financial Limited. 
 8-K 10.1 3/25/2014 10.8 Master Guarantee and Indemnity, dated as of March 19, 2014, by and among GA Asset Advisors Limited, the registrant, Great American Group, LLC, Great American Group WF, LLC, Burdale Financial Limited and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
 8-K 10.2 3/25/2014 10.9 First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Limited Consent and Waiver, dated as of May 28, 2014, by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Great American Group WF, LLC, Great American Group, Inc. and Great American Group, LLC. 
 10-Q 10.8 8/14/2014 10.10 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2015, by and between Great American Group WF, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
 10-Q 10.7 5/7/2015 10.11 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2015, by and between Great American Group WF, LLC, GA Retail, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
 10-Q 10.8 5/7/2015 10.12# Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 10.1 8/11/2015 10.13# Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 10-Q 10.2 8/11/2015 10.14# Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan Stock Bonus Program and Form of Stock Bonus Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 10.3 8/11/2015 10.15# B. Riley Financial, Inc. Management Bonus Plan. 
 8-K 10.1 8/18/2015 10.16 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated June 10, 2016, by and among Great American Group WF, LLC, GA Retail, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
 10-Q 10.1 8/5/2016 10.17 Sixth Amendment and Joinder under Credit Facility among Great American Group WF, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Lender October 5, 2016. 
 10-Q 10.1 11/14/2016 10.18 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2017, by and among Great American Group WF, LLC, GA Retail, Inc., GA Retail Canada, ULC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Wells Fargo Capital Finance Corporation Canada. 
 8-K 10.1 4/27/2017 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.19 Warrant Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2017, by and between the registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 8-K 10.1 7/5/2017 10.20# Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2017, by and among the registrant and the persons listed on the signature pages thereto. 
 8-K 10.4 7/5/2017 10.21# Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2018, by and between the registrant and Bryant R. Riley. 
 8-K 10.1 1/5/2018 10.22# Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2018, by and between the registrant and Thomas J. Kelleher. 
 8-K 10.2 1/5/2018 10.23# Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2018, by and between the registrant and Phillip J. Ahn. 
 8-K 10.4 1/5/2018 10.24# Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2018, by and between the registrant and Alan N. Forman. 
 10-K 10.42 3/14/2018 10.25 Debt Conversion and Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated January 12, 2018, by and among the registrant, bebe stores, inc. and The Manny Mashouf Living Trust. 
 8-K 10.1 1/16/2018 10.26# Employment Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2018, by and between the registrant and Kenneth M. Young. 
 8-K 10.1 7/16/2018 10.27# Employment Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2018, by and between B. Riley FBR, Inc. and Andrew Moore. 
 8-K 10.2 7/16/2018 10.28# Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2018, by and between the registrant and Bryant R. Riley. 
 8-K 10.3 7/16/2018 10.29# Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2018, by and between the registrant and Thomas Kelleher. 
 8-K 10.4 7/16/2018 10.30# 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 8-K 10.1 7/31/2018 10.31 Credit Agreement, dated December 19, 2018. 
 8-K 10.1 12/27/2018 10.32 First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Joinder, dated February 1, 2019 
 8-K 10.2 2/7/2019 10.33 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated December 31, 2020 
 8-K 10.1 1/6/2021 10.34 Security and Pledge Agreement, dated December 19, 2018. 
 8-K 10.2 12/27/2018 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.35 Unconditional Guaranty and Pledge Agreement by B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC, dated December 19, 2018. 
 8-K 10.3 12/27/2018 10.36 Unconditional Guaranty by the registrant, dated December 19, 2018. 
 8-K 10.3 12/27/2018 10.37# Amendment to Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 10.4 11/1/2019 10.38 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Vesting) under the B. Riley Financial, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 8-K 10.01 5/28/2021 10.39 B. Riley Financial, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s definitive proxy statement, dated April 20, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 8-K 10.01 6/3/2021 10.40 Credit agreement, dated June 23, 2021, among B. Riley Financial, Inc., BR Financial Holdings, LLC, BR Advisory Investments, LLC, each of the lenders from time to time parties thereto, Nomura Corporate Funding Americas, LLC, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
 8-K 10.1 6/25/2021 10.41 Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2021, between B. Riley Receivables, LLC and W.S. Badcock Corporation 
 8-K 10.1 12/22/2021 10.42 Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2021, between B. Riley Receivables, LLC and W.S. Badcock Corporation 
 8-K 10.2 12/22/2021 10.43 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 8-K 10.3 12/22/2021 10.44 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021. 
 10-K 10.44 2/25/2022 10.45 Second Incremental Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2021. 
 10-K 10.45 2/25/2022 10.46# PRSU Grant Agreement 
 10-K 10.46 2/25/2022 10.47 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2022, by and among B. Riley Retail Solutions WF, LLC, B. Riley Retail, Inc., B. Riley Retail Canada, ULC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Wells Fargo Capital Finance Corporation Canada 
 8-K 10.1 4/25/2022 10.48 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2022 10-Q 10.1 7/29/2022 14.1 B. Riley Code of Business Conduct and Ethics_022321 
 8-K 14.1 3/01/2021 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 21.1 Subsidiary List 
 23.1 Consent of Marcum LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 31.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 31.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 32.1 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 _________________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 + Schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has omitted certain information contained in this exhibit pursuant to Rule 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The omitted information is not material and, if publicly disclosed, would likely cause competitive harm to the Company. Certain schedules and annexes to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or annex will be furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, certain annexes to the agreement have not been filed herewith. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 B. Riley Financial, Inc. Date: March 15, 2023 
 /s/ PHILLIP J. AHN (Phillip J. Ahn, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated: 
 Signature Title Date /s/ BRYANT R. RILEY Co-Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board March 15, 2023 (Bryant R. Riley) (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ THOMAS J. KELLEHER Co-Chief Executive Officer Director March 15, 2023 (Thomas J. Kelleher) /s/ PHILLIP J. AHN Chief Financial Officer Chief Operating Officer March 15, 2023 (Phillip J. Ahn) (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ HOWARD E. WEITZMAN Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 15, 2023 (Howard E. Weitzman) /s/ ROBERT L. ANTIN Director March 15, 2023 (Robert L. Antin) /s/ ROBERT D AGOSTINO Director March 15, 2023 (Robert D Agostino) /s/ TAMMY BRANDT Director March 15, 2023 (Tammy Brandt) /s/ REN E E. LABRAN Director March 15, 2023 (Ren e E. LaBran) /s/ RANDALL E. PAULSON Director March 15, 2023 (Randall E. Paulson) /s/ MICHAEL J. SHELDON Director March 15, 2023 (Michael J. Sheldon) /s/ MIMI K. WALTERS Director March 15, 2023 (Mimi K. Walters) 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 92 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 94 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 96 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 97 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 98 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 99 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 100 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 102 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of B. Riley Financial, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013 and our report dated March 15, 2023, and expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting because of the existence of material weaknesses. 
 
 Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has restated its financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 to correct misstatements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Accounting for acquisition of Intangible Assets in Business Combinations 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 As discussed in Note 4 of the financial statements, the Company completed acquisitions of several entities. These transactions were accounted for as business combinations and the total purchase price was allocated to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values. The acquired intangible assets included approximately 137 million in customer relationships, 16 million in internally developed software and other intangibles and 52 million in trademarks and tradenames. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the intangible assets included future operating performance and projected cash flows, growth rates, attrition rates, royalty rates and discount rates. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and implementation, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s accounting for acquisitions, including the valuation of identifiable intangible assets. We considered the material weakness relating to management s review controls in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit. 
 Evaluated the Company's selection of the valuation methodologies and significant assumptions used by the Company in the valuation of the intangible assets, and the reasonableness of significant assumptions and estimates. 
 Involved firm employed valuation specialists to assist with our evaluation of the methodologies used by the Company and significant assumptions included in the fair value estimates. 
 Evaluated the assumptions utilized in the prospective financial information included in the fair value estimates. 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of the models used to determine the fair values of assets acquired. 
 
 Valuation of Level 3 Investments 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 The Company estimates the fair value of Level 3 investments, which includes equity securities and loans receivable. At December 31, 2022, the Company reported equity securities and loans receivable of approximately 368 million and 702 million, respectively. 
 
 Management uses judgment to determine the significant assumptions and valuation methodologies used in valuation models to record financial assets at their fair value using Level 3 inputs. These Level 3 inputs are unobservable, supported by little or no market activity, and are significant to the fair value of Level 3 investments. Evaluating management s significant assumptions and valuation methodologies to determine the fair value of Level 3 investments was complex and required judgment, particularly when evaluating Level 3 inputs such as discount rates, projected EBITDA, multiples of EBITDA, multiples of sales, market price of related securities, market interest rates and expected annualized volatility rates. These significant assumptions are affected by expectations about future economic and industry factors as well as estimates of the investee s future growth. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation of Level 3 investments to address this critical audit matter included the following: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the control environment, evaluating the design effectiveness, and testing the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process to determine significant assumptions and valuation methodologies used in valuation models to record financial assets at their fair value. 
 With the assistance of firm employed valuation specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of significant assumptions and valuation methodologies, and tested Level 3 inputs for reasonableness. 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of the valuation models used to determine the fair values of Level 3 investments. 
 
 /s/ Marcum LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2009. 
 
 Melville, NY 
 March 15, 2023 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
 
 Adverse Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited B. Riley Financial, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described in the following paragraph on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in the Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting : 
 
 The Company has a material weakness relating to the operating effectiveness of management's review controls over key assumptions that are utilized to determine the fair value of intangible assets for new acquisitions and the fair value of reporting units in the Company s assessment of goodwill impairment. 
 
 The Company has a material weakness relating to the operating effectiveness of management's review controls over the income tax provision. 
 
 The Company has a material weakness relating to the operating effectiveness of management s review controls over the presentation and classification of dividend income and realized and unrealized gains (losses) on certain equity securities. This resulted in a restatement of previously issued financial statements as discussed in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 15, 2023 on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, equity, and cash flows and the related notes for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, and our report dated March 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 As described in the Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Targus Cayman Holdco Limited, Atlantic Coast Fibers, LLC, BullsEye Telecom, and Lingo Management, LLC and their subsidiaries acquired entities ), from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 because these entities were acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations during 2022. We have also excluded the acquired entities from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. These acquired entities combined total assets and total revenues represent approximately 6.6 and 18.3 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of the inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

, NY 
 March 15, 2023 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 15. Financial Statements. 
 
 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollars in thousands, except par value) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Due from clearing brokers Securities and other investments owned, at fair value Securities borrowed Accounts receivable, net Due from related parties Loans receivable, at fair value (includes and from related parties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred revenue Deferred income taxes Due to related parties and partners Due to clearing brokers Securities sold not yet purchased Securities loaned Operating lease liabilities Notes payable Revolving credit facility Term loans, net Senior notes payable, net Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) Redeemable noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiaries B. Riley Financial, Inc. stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; liquidation preference of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital (Accumulated deficit) retained earnings ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total B. Riley Financial, Inc. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 (As Restated) (As Restated) Revenues: Services and fees Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans ) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring charge Impairment of tradenames Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other Income (loss) from equity method investments ) Interest expense ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes ) ) Net (loss) income ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net (loss) income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. ) Preferred stock dividends Net (loss) income available to common shareholders Basic (loss) income per common share ) Diluted (loss) income per common share ) Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Change in cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2019 ) Preferred stock issued ESPP shares issued and vesting of restricted stock, net of shares withheld for employer taxes ) ) Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) Share based payments Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Net income (loss) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Common stock issued, net of offering costs Preferred stock issued ESPP shares issued and vesting of restricted stock, net of shares withheld for employer taxes ) ) Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) Warrants exercised Share based payments Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Net income Remeasurement of B. Riley Principal 150 and 250 Merger Corporations subsidiary temporary equity ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Acquisition of noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Preferred stock issued ESPP shares issued and vesting of restricted stock and other, net of shares withheld for employer taxes ) ) Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) Shares issued for acquisitions Share based payments Share based payments in equity of subsidiary Vesting of shares in equity of subsidiary ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Remeasurement of B. Riley Principal 150 and 250 Merger Corporations subsidiary temporary equity ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Acquisition of noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for doubtful accounts Share-based compensation Fair value adjustments ) Non-cash interest and other ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency on operations ) (Income) loss from equity method investments ) ) Dividends from equity method investments Deferred income taxes ) Impairment of leaseholds and intangibles, lease loss accrual, and gain (loss) on disposal of fixed assets ) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other ) (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Gain on equity method investment ) ) De-consolidation of BRPM 150 ) Income allocated and fair value adjustment for mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests Change in operating assets and liabilities: Amounts due to/from clearing brokers ) Securities and other investments owned ) ) Securities borrowed ) ) Accounts receivable and advances against customer contracts ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued payroll and related expenses, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Amounts due to/from related parties and partners ) Securities sold, not yet purchased ) ) Deferred revenue ) Securities loaned ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of loans receivable ) ) ) Repayments of loans receivable Sale of loan receivable to related party Proceeds from loan participations sold Repayment of loan participations sold ) ) Acquisition of businesses, net of and cash acquired in 2022 and 2021, respectfully 
 ) ) ) 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Purchases of property, equipment and intangible assets ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, equipment and intangible assets Funds received from trust account of subsidiary Investment of subsidiaries initial public offering proceeds into trust account ) ) Purchases of equity method investments ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from revolving line of credit, net Repayment of revolving line of credit ) Repayment of asset based credit facility ) Repayment of notes payable ) ) ) Payment of participating note payable and contingent consideration ) ) Proceeds from term loan Repayment of term loan ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Redemption of senior notes ) ) Payment of debt issuance and offering costs ) ) ) Payment for contingent consideration ) ESPP and payment of employment taxes on vesting of restricted stock ) ) ) Common dividends paid ) ) ) Preferred dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Redemption of subsidiary temporary equity and distributions ) ) Proceeds from initial public offering of subsidiaries Proceeds from offering common stock Proceeds from offering preferred stock Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Effect of foreign currency on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental disclosures: Interest paid Taxes paid 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 NOTE 1 
 reportable operating segments: (i) Capital Markets, through which the Company provides investment banking, corporate finance, securities lending, restructuring, research, sales and trading services to corporate and institutional clients; (ii) Wealth Management, through which the Company provides wealth management and tax services to corporate and high-net-worth clients; (iii) Auction and Liquidation, through which the Company provides auction and liquidation services to help clients dispose of assets that include multi-location retail inventory, wholesale inventory, trade fixtures, machinery and equipment, intellectual property and real property; (iv) Financial Consulting, through which the Company provides bankruptcy, financial advisory, forensic accounting, real estate consulting and valuation and appraisal services; (v) Communications, through which the Company provides consumer Internet access and related subscription services, cloud communication services, and mobile phone voice, text, and data services and devices; (vi) Consumer, including brands, which generates revenue through the licensing of trademarks, and Targus, which generates revenue through sales of laptop and computer accessories. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company realigned its segment reporting structure to reflect organizational changes from recent acquisitions and the manner in which capital is allocated. The Consumer segment includes the previously reported Brands segment and Targus, which the Company acquired in the fourth quarter of 2022. The Company has also re-aligned its previously reported Principal Investments - Communications and Other segment into the Communications segment and the All Other category that is reported with Corporate and Other. 
 On October 18, 2022, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Targus in a transaction pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). The purchase price consideration totaled , which consisted of in cash, in seller financing, in senior notes due 2024, in shares of the Company's common stock and stock options, and in deferred payments. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, the Company used the acquisition method of accounting for this acquisition. Goodwill of and other intangible assets of were recorded as a result of the acquisition. The acquisition complements the Company's existing investments and offers potential growth to the Company's portfolio of steady-cash generative businesses. To finance part of this acquisition, on October 18, 2022, the Company's subsidiary, Tiger US Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, among others, entered into a credit agreement with PNC Bank, National Association PNC ), as agent and security trustee for a term loan and a revolver loan. 
 On May 31, 2022, the Company converted of a loan receivable with Lingo Management, LLC Lingo into equity and the Company's ownership interest in Lingo increased from to . This resulted in the consolidation of Lingo and the pre-existing equity method investment was remeasured at fair value resulting in the recognition of other income - realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments in the amount of , which is included in trading (losses) income and fair value adjustments on loans in the consolidated statements of operations. Upon the consolidation of Lingo on May 31, 2022, the total fair value of the assets of Lingo was and the fair value of the noncontrolling interest was and goodwill of and other intangible assets of were recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. On February 24, 2023, the Company acquired the remaining ownership in Lingo, increasing the Company's ownership interest from to . 
 The Company also completed the acquisitions of BullsEye Telecom BullsEye ), FocalPoint Securities, LLC FocalPoint ), and Atlantic Coast Fibers, LLC ACR (and related businesses), and other immaterial business during the year ended December 31, 2022. In accordance with ASC 805, the Company used the acquisition method of accounting for these acquisitions, which were not material to our consolidated financial statements. The aggregate purchase price consideration consisted of in cash, in issuance of common stock of the Company, in assumed debt and other consideration payable. The purchase price allocation consisted of in goodwill, in 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 in net assets acquired. The results of operations of the acquisitions which were not material, have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of purchase. 
 
 NOTE 2 

103 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (b) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other Income from equity method investments Interest expense ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic income per common share Diluted income per common share Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 (b) To reclassify realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments from Trading income (loss) and fair value on loans to Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring charge Impairment of tradenames Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (b) Loss from equity method investments ) ) Interest expense ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) Net income Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic income per common share Diluted income per common share Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 3 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 107 

Table of Contents 

 108 

Table of Contents 

, , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Advertising expense is included as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 of the market value of the common stock on the last day of the offering period. In accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 - Compensation - Stock Compensation, the Company is required to recognize compensation expense relating to shares offered under the Purchase Plan. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized compensation expense of , , and respectively, related to the Purchase Plan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares reserved for issuance under the Purchase Plan, respectively. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, primarily consisting of cash collateral for leases. 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

, , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The loans have various maturities through March 2027. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate cost of loans receivable accounted for under the fair value option was and , respectively, which included principal balances of and , respectively, and unamortized costs, origination fees, premiums and discounts, totaling and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded net unrealized losses of , net unrealized gains of , and net unrealized losses of , respectively, on loans receivable, at fair value, which is included in trading income and fair value adjustments on loans on the consolidated statements of operations. Loans receivable, at fair value on non-accrual was as of December 31, 2022, which represents approximately of total loans receivable, at fair value as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company may periodically provide limited guarantees to third parties for loans that are made to investment banking and lending customers. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has provided limited guarantees with respect to Babcock Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. B W as further described in Note 19(b). In accordance with the credit loss standard, the Company evaluates the need to record an allowance for credit losses for these loan guarantees since they have off-balance sheet credit exposures. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not recorded any provision for credit losses on the B W guarantees since the Company believes that there is sufficient collateral to protect the Company from any credit loss exposure. 
 Interest income on loans receivable is recognized based on the stated interest rate of the loan on the unpaid principal balance plus the amortization of any costs, origination fees, premiums and discounts and is included in interest income - loans and securities lending on the consolidated statements of operations. Loan origination fees and certain direct origination costs are deferred and recognized as adjustments to interest income over the lives of the related loans. Unearned income, discounts, and premiums are amortized to interest income using a level yield methodology. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 in cash to WSBC for the purchase of certain consumer credit receivables of WSBC. The accounting for this transaction resulted in the Company recording a loan receivable from WSBC with the recognition of interest income at an imputed rate based on the cash flows expected to be received from the collection of the consumer receivables that serve as collateral for the loan. The loan receivable was measured at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 On September 23, 2022, the Company's subsidiary, B Riley Receivables II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, entered into a Master Receivables Purchase Agreement 2022 Badcock Receivable with WSBC. This purchase of consumer credit receivables of WSBC was partially financed by a term loan discussed in Note 13. The accounting for this transaction resulted in the Company recording a loan receivable from WSBC with the recognition of interest income at an imputed rate based on the cash flows expected to be received from the collection of the consumer receivables that serve as collateral for the loan. The loan receivable was measured at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 In connection with these loans, the Company entered into a Servicing Agreement with WSBC pursuant to which WSBC will provide to the Company certain customary servicing and account management services in respect of the receivables purchased by the Company under the Receivables Purchase Agreement. In addition, subject to certain terms and conditions, FRG has agreed to guarantee the performance by WSBC of its obligations under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreements and the Servicing Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans receivable to WSBC in the Company's consolidated balance sheets included loans measured at fair value in the amount of and , respectively. 
 Corporate bonds Other fixed income securities Partnership interests and other Securities sold not yet purchased: Equity securities Corporate bonds Other fixed income securities 
 The Company owns certain equity securities that are accounted for under the fair value option where the Company would otherwise use the equity method of accounting. Investments become subject to the equity method of accounting 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 of the Company's individually greater than 20 investments, where the Company has a voting interest in each investee of and , respectively, which has been aggregated and included below for purposes of the disclosure a quarter in arrears as of and for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, which is the period in which the most recent financial information is available: 
 
 Total liabilities Equity attributable to investee 
 
 For the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Net income (loss) attributable to investees ) 
 
 The following tables contain summarized financial information with respect to B W, where the Company owns a voting interest, included below for purposes of the disclosure a quarter in arrears as of and for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, which is the period in which the most recent financial information is available: 
 
 Total liabilities Equity attributable to investee ) 
 
 For the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Net (loss) income attributable to investees ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of these equity securities totaled and , respectively, and are included in securities and other investments owned, at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 reporting units, which are the same as its reporting segments described in Note 24. Significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of reporting units which includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates and other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or goodwill impairment. 
 When testing goodwill for impairment, in accordance with ASC 350, the Company made an assessment of qualitative factors on goodwill and other intangible assets and concluded that a positive assertion could be made that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting units exceeded their carrying values. In performing the analysis, qualitative factors indicated that it could be more likely than not that the carrying value of goodwill in the Wealth Management segment could be impaired as a result of the segment loss incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test for its Wealth Management segment and determined the fair value of this reporting segment using the market approach and income approach exceeded the carrying value of goodwill. The Company concluded there was impairment of goodwill in the Wealth Management segment. impairments of goodwill were identified during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized impairment of indefinite-lived intangibles. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company determined that the COVID-19 outbreak was a triggering event for testing the indefinite-lived tradenames in the Consumer segment during the first quarter and again in the second quarter and determined that the indefinite-lived tradenames in the Consumer segment were impaired. As a result, the Company recognized impairment charges of during the year ended December 31, 2020, which were included as an impairment of tradenames in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company reviews the carrying value of its finite-lived amortizable intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset or asset group to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If the undiscounted cash flows of such assets are less than the carrying amount, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, if any, exceeds its fair market value. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized impairment of finite-lived intangibles representing the carrying amount of tradenames and software development costs as a result of the reorganization and consolidation activities in the Wealth Management segment and the Communications segment, which was included as a restructuring charge in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized impairment of finite-lived intangibles. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, and are included in securities and other investments owned in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Securities and other investments owned also include investments in nonpublic entities that do not have a readily determinable fair value and do not report NAV per share. These investments are accounted for using a measurement alternative under which they are measured at cost and adjusted for observable price changes and impairments. Observable price changes result from, among other things, equity transactions for the same issuer executed during the reporting period, including subsequent equity offerings or other reported equity transactions related to the same issuer. For these transactions to be considered observable price changes of the same issuer, we evaluate whether these transactions have similar rights and obligations, including voting rights, distribution preferences, conversion rights, and other factors, to the investments we hold. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, investments in nonpublic entities valued using a measurement alternative of and , respectively, are included in securities and other investments owned in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company measures certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets include equity method investments when they are deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, investments adjusted to their fair value by applying the measurement alternative, assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquisition or in a nonmonetary exchange, and property, plant and equipment and intangible assets that are written down to fair value when they are held for sale or determined to be impaired. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company did not have any material assets or liabilities that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods subsequent to initial recognition. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, funds held in trust represents amounts invested in a mutual fund that invests in U.S. Treasury securities that were purchased with funds raised through the initial public offering of B. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corporation BRPM 250 ). As of December 31, 2021, funds held in trust represents amounts invested in a mutual fund that invests in U.S. Treasury securities that were purchased with funds raised through the initial public offering of BRPM 250 and B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corporation BRPM 150 ), which are consolidated special purpose acquisition corporations SPACs ). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, of funds held in trust related to the SPACs. The funds raised are held in a trust account that is restricted for use and may only be used for purposes of completing an initial business combination or redemption of the class A public common shares of the SPACs as set forth in the trust agreement. The funds held in trust are included within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy and included in prepaid expenses and other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company has warrant liabilities related to warrants of the SPAC that are held by investors in BRPM 250. The warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815 - Derivatives and Hedging and are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis using quoted prices in over-the-counter markets. Warrant liabilities are included in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy and included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in the amount of for BRPM 250 and for B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corporation BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in fair value of warrants are included within change in fair value of financial instruments and other as part of other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests is determined based on the issuance of similar interests for cash, references to industry comparables, and relied, in part, on information obtained from appraisal reports and internal valuation models. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Securities and other investments owned: Equity securities Corporate bonds Other fixed income securities Total securities and other investments owned Loans receivable, at fair value Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Securities sold not yet purchased: Equity securities Corporate bonds Other fixed income securities Total securities sold not yet purchased Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests issued after November 5, 2003 Warrant liabilities Contingent consideration Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Securities and other investments owned: Equity securities Corporate bonds Other fixed income securities Total securities and other investments owned Loans receivable, at fair value Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Securities sold not yet purchased: Equity securities Corporate bonds Other fixed income securities Total securities sold not yet purchased Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests issued after November 5, 2003 Warrant liabilities Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, financial assets measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis and classified within Level 3 were and , respectively, or and , respectively, of the Company s total assets. In determining the fair value for these Level 3 financial assets, the Company analyzes various financial, performance and market factors to estimate the value, including where applicable, over-the-counter market trading activity. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Market approach Multiple of EBITDA x - x 
 x 
 Multiple of Sales x 
 x 
 Market price of related security - 
 Discounted cash flow Market interest rate Option pricing model Annualized volatility - 
 Loans receivable at fair value Discounted cash flow Market interest rate - 
 Market approach Multiple of EBITDA x 
 x 
 Total level 3 assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests issued after November 5, 2003 Market approach Operating income multiple x 
 x 
 Contingent consideration Discounted cash flow EBITDA volatility Asset volatility Market interest rate Total level 3 liabilities measured at fair value 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Market approach Multiple of EBITDA x - x 
 x 
 Multiple of PV-10 x - x 
 x 
 Multiple of Sales x - x 
 x 
 Market price of related security - 
 Discounted cash flow Market interest rate Option pricing model Annualized volatility - 
 Loans receivable at fair value Discounted cash flow Market interest rate - 
 Total level 3 assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests issued after November 5, 2003 Market approach Operating income multiple x 
 x 
 
 ) Loans receivable at fair value ) ) ) Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests issued after November 5, 2003 ) Contingent consideration ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Equity securities Loans receivable at fair value Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests issued after November 5, 2003 ) Warrant liabilities ) 
 120 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the senior notes payable had a carrying amount of and , respectively, and a fair value of and , respectively. The carrying amount of the term loan approximates fair value because the effective yield of such instrument is consistent with current market rates of interest for instruments of comparable credit risk. 
 The investments in nonpublic entities that do not report NAV are measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes and impairments, with changes recognized in trading income (losses) and fair value adjustments on loans on the consolidated statements of operations. These investments are evaluated on a nonrecurring basis based on the observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Further adjustments are not made until another observable transaction occurs. Therefore, the determination of fair values of these investments in nonpublic entities that do not report NAV does not involve significant estimates and assumptions or subjective and complex judgments. Investments in nonpublic entities that do not report NAV are subject to a qualitative assessment for indicators of impairment. If indicators of impairment are present, the Company is required to estimate the investment s fair value and immediately recognize an impairment charge in an amount equal to the investment s carrying value in excess of its estimated fair value. 
 
 were outstanding. 
 The forward exchange contracts were entered into to improve the predictability of cash flows related to a retail store liquidation engagement and a loan receivable. Forward exchange contracts had a net gain of , net gain of , and net loss of during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This amount is reported as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and is included in cash flows from operating activities in the consolidated cash flows. 
 The Company transacts business in various foreign currencies. In countries where the functional currency of the underlying operations has been determined to be the local country s currency, revenues and expenses of operations outside the United States are translated into United States dollars using average exchange rates while assets and liabilities of operations outside the United States are translated into United States dollars using period-end exchange rates. The effects of foreign currency translation adjustments are included in stockholders equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Transaction gains were , , and transaction losses were , during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These amounts are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 and BRPM 150 and 250 totaled , respectively, which is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 noncontrolling interest of Lingo. These interests are presented as redeemable noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiaries within the consolidated balance sheet, outside of the permanent equity section. The class A ordinary shareholders of BRPM 250 have redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control. Remeasurements to the redemption value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest in equity of subsidiaries are recorded within retained earnings (accumulated deficit). The operating agreement with Lingo has provisions which result in the noncontrolling interest being accounted for as temporary equity. Net income (losses) are reflected in net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Proceeds from issuance of BRPM 150 common stock of and BRPM 250 common stock of subject to possible redemption 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 Net loss ) De-consolidation of BRPM 150 ) Contributions - Fair value of Lingo non-controlling interest as of May 31, 2022 (see Note 4) Distributions ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 warrants to purchase common stock of the Company (the BR Brands Warrants in connection with the acquisition of a majority ownership interest in BR Brand Holdings LLC. The BR Brands Warrants entitle the holders of the warrants to acquire shares of the Company s common stock from the Company at an exercise price of per share. One-third of the BR Brands Warrants immediately vested and became exercisable upon issuance, and the remaining two-thirds of warrants vested and became exercisable on the second anniversary of the closing, upon the BR Brands satisfaction of specified financial performance targets. The BR Brands warrants expire in February 2025. As of December 31, 2022, BR Brands warrants were outstanding. 
 and , respectively, were included in prepaid expenses and other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company s share of earnings or losses from the equity method investees is included in income (loss) from equity method investments in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 bebe stores, inc. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had ownership interest in bebe stores, inc. bebe ). In December 2021, the Company purchased an additional shares of newly issued common stock of bebe for and 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 to . The equity ownership in bebe is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and is included in prepaid expenses and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The common stock of bebe is publicly traded. The fair value of bebe as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The carrying value of the investment in bebe as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Company s equity method investment in bebe exceeded the fair value based on the quoted market prices. In consideration of these facts, the Company evaluated its investment for other than temporary impairment under ASC 323. The Company did not utilize bright-line tests in the evaluation. Based on the available facts and information regarding the operating results of bebe, the Company s ability and intent to hold the investments until recovery, the relative amount of the declines, and the length of time that the fair values were less than the carrying values, the Company concluded that recognition of impairment losses in earnings was not required. However, the Company will continue to monitor the investment and it is possible that impairment losses will be recorded in earnings in future periods based on changes in facts and circumstances or intentions. 
 The total assets and liabilities of bebe as of December 31, 2022 was and , respectively. The total assets and liabilities of bebe as of December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. Total revenues of bebe during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. Net income of bebe during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 National Holdings Corporation 
 As of December 31, 2020, the Company owned approximately of the outstanding common stock of National that was included in prepaid expenses and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The equity ownership in National is accounted for under the equity method of accounting for periods prior to February 25, 2021. On February 25, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of National by acquiring the of common stock not previously owned by the Company. 
 Other Equity Method Investments 
 The Company had other equity method investments over which the Company exercises significant influence but that did not meet the requirements for consolidation, the largest ownership interest being a ownership interest in Lingo, which was acquired in November 2020. On May 31, 2022, the Company's ownership increased to and Lingo's operating results are consolidated with the Company from May 31, 2022 through December 31, 2022 as more fully described above in Note 4. The equity ownership in these other investments was accounted for at the applicable times under the equity method of accounting and was included in prepaid expenses and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (z) Supplemental Non-cash Disclosures 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, non-cash investing activities included in issuance of the Company's common stock and stock options as part of purchase price consideration from acquisitions the Company completed and the repayment of loans receivable in the amount of with equity securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, non-cash financing activities included in seller financing for deferred cash consideration, the conversion of of a loan receivable to equity related to an acquisition, and the distribution of investment securities of to non-controlling interests. During the year ended December 31, 2022, other non-cash activities included the recognition of new operating lease right-of-use assets of and the recognition of new operating lease liabilities of . 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, non-cash investing activities included: the repayment of a loan receivable in full in the amount of with equity securities, a note receivable issued for the sale of equity securities to a third party, of loans receivable exchanged for newly issued debt securities, the repayment of a loan with equity securities, and of loans receivable were converted to equity. During the year ended December 31, 2021, other non-cash activities included the recognition of new operating lease right-of-use assets of and the recognition of new operating lease liabilities of . 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, non-cash investing activities included non-cash conversions of equity method investments and conversion of loans receivable to shares of stock. In connection with the purchase 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 , the Company funded in cash and the remaining remains payable as a note payable as of December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, other non-cash activities included the recognition of new operating lease right-of-use assets of and the recognition of new operating lease liabilities of . 
 to of the amount of raised capital for the Funds and the fee is recognized at the time the placement services occurred. The Company receives carried interest as a percentage allocation to of the profits of the Funds as compensation for asset management services provided to the Funds and it is recognized under the ownership model of ASC 323 - Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures as an equity method investment with changes in allocation recorded currently in the results of operations. As the fee arrangements under such agreements are arm s length and contain customary terms and conditions and represent compensation that is considered fair value for the services provided, the fee arrangements are not considered variable interests and accordingly, the Company does not consolidate such VIEs. 
 Placement agent fees attributable to such arrangements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively, and are included in services and fees in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Loans receivable, at fair value Other assets Maximum exposure to loss 
 B. Riley Principal 150 and 250 Merger Corporations 
 In 2021, the Company along with BRPM 150 and BRPM 250, both special purpose acquisition companies incorporated as Delaware corporations, consummated the initial public offerings of units of BRPM 150 and units of BRPM 250. Each Unit of BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 consisted of share of class A common stock 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 share of BRPM 150 or BRPM 250 class A common stock at an exercise price of per share. The BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 Units were each sold at a price of per unit, generating gross proceeds to BRPM 150 of and BRPM 250 of . These proceeds which totaled were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 class A public shareholders and was included in prepaid expenses and other assets in the balance sheet. These proceeds are invested only in U.S. treasury securities in accordance with the governing documents of BRPM 150 and BRPM 250. Under the terms of the BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 initial public offerings, BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 are required to consummate a business combination transaction within months (or months under certain circumstances) of the completion of their respective initial public offerings. 
 In connection with the completion of the initial public offerings of BRPM 150 and BRPM 250, the Company invested in the private placement units of BRPM 150 and BRPM 250. Both BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 are determined to be VIE s because each of the entities do not have enough equity at risk to finance their activities without additional subordinated financial support. The Company has determined that the class A shareholders of BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 do not have substantive rights as shareholders of BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 since these equity interests are determined to be temporary equity. As such, the Company has determined that it is the primary beneficiary of BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 as it has the right to receive benefits or the obligation to absorb losses of each of the entities, as well as the power to direct a majority of the activities that significantly impact BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 s economic performance. Since the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary, BRPM 150 and BRPM 250 were consolidated into the Company s financial statements. 
 On July 19, 2022, BRPM 150 completed a business combination with FaZeClan Holdings, Inc. Faze Holdings in a reverse merger transaction resulting in BRPM 150 no longer being a VIE of the Company and no longer being included in the consolidated group of the Company. In connection with the de-consolidation of BRPM 150, among other items, prepaid expenses and other assets decreased by related to funds held in a trust account and redeemable noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiaries decreased by . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized incentive fees of , which is included in services and fees in the consolidated statement of operations. See Note 23 for further discussion. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 4 
 , which consisted of cash in the amount of , seller financing of , the issuance of in senior notes due 2024, the issuance of of the Company s common stock and stock options, and deferred payments of . In accordance with ASC 805, the Company used the acquisition method of accounting for this acquisition. Goodwill of and other intangible assets of were recorded as a result of the acquisition. The acquisition complements the Company s existing investments and offers potential growth to the Company s operations in the Consumer segment. 
 The assets and liabilities of Targus, both tangible and intangible, were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the October 18, 2022 acquisition date. Acquisition related costs, such as legal, accounting, valuation and other professional fees related to the acquisition of Targus, were charged against earnings in the amount of and included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Targus goodwill recognized subsequent to the acquisition will be non-deductible for tax purposes. 

126 

Table of Contents 

 Fair value of seller financing Fair value of RILYO shares issued in senior notes at per share 
 Fair value of B. Riley common shares issued at per share 
 Fair value of stock options attributable to service period prior to acquisition 
 Fair value of deferred payments Total consideration Assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Prepaid and other assets Right-of-use assets Property and equipment Other intangible assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Deferred income taxes ) Contingent consideration ) Lease liability ) Net tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed Goodwill Total 
 years Internally developed software and other intangibles to years 
 Tradenames N/A Total 
 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Information 
 
 Acquisition of Targus 

127 

Table of Contents 

 Net (loss) income ) Net (loss) income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. ) Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders ) 
 
 These pro forma results do not necessarily represent the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2021, nor are they indicative of the results of operations for future periods. For the period from October 18, 2022 to December 31, 2022, revenues and pre-tax income from Targus included in the Company s consolidated results of operations were and , respectively. 
 Other Acquisitions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company converted of a loan receivable with Lingo into equity and the Company's ownership interest in Lingo increased from to . This resulted in the consolidation of Lingo and the pre-existing equity method investment was remeasured at fair value resulting in the recognition of a gain of , which is included in trading (losses) income and fair value adjustments on loans in the consolidated statements of operations. Upon the consolidation of Lingo on May 31, 2022, the total fair value of the assets of Lingo was and the fair value of the noncontrolling interest was . As part of the acquisition, the Company assumed liabilities in the amount of and recorded goodwill of and other intangible assets of were recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 The Company also completed the acquisitions of BullsEye, FocalPoint, and ACR (and related businesses), and other immaterial business. In accordance with ASC 805, the Company used the acquisition method of accounting for these acquisitions, which were not material to our consolidated financial statements. The aggregate purchase price consideration consisted of in cash, in issuance of common stock of the Company, in assumed debt and other consideration payable. The purchase price allocation consisted of in goodwill, in intangible assets, and in net assets acquired. The results of operations of the acquisitions which were not material, have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of purchase. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 Acquisition of National 
 On February 25, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of National not already owned by the Company. The total cash consideration for the approximately of National outstanding shares that the Company did not previously own and settlement of outstanding share-based awards amounted to . The Company used the acquisition method of accounting for this acquisition. The acquisition expands the Company s investment banking, wealth management and financial planning offerings by adding National s brokerage, insurance, tax preparation and advisory services. 
 Valuation Assumptions for Purchase Price Allocation 
 Our valuation assumptions used to value the acquired assets and assumed liabilities require significant estimates, especially with respect to intangible assets, inventories, property and equipment, and deferred income taxes. In determining the fair value of intangible assets acquired, the Company must make assumptions about the future performance of the acquired businesses, including among other things, the forecasted revenue growth attributable to the asset groups and projected operating expenses inclusive of expected synergies, future cost savings, and other benefits expected to be achieved by combining the businesses acquired with the Company. The intangible assets acquired are primarily comprised of customer relationships, trade names and trademarks, developed technology, and backlog. The Company utilized widely accepted income-based, market-based, and cost-based valuation approaches to perform the preliminary purchase price allocations. The estimated fair value of the customer relationships and backlog are determined using the multi-period excess earnings method and the estimated fair value of the trade names and trademarks and developed technology are 
 128 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 5 
 , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The restructuring charges during the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily related to the reorganization and consolidation activities in the Wealth Management segment and the Communications segment. Reorganization and consolidation activities consisted of reductions in workforce, facility closures, and related intangible impairments and asset disposals. 
 The restructuring charges during the year ended December 31, 2020 were primarily related to impairment of certain acquired tradename intangibles associated with the Company s brand realignment across its subsidiary companies to provide greater external consistency and affiliation. 
 Restructuring charge Cash paid ) ) ) Non-cash items ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Impairment of intangibles Facility closure and consolidation Total restructuring charge Restructuring charges for the year ended December 31, 2020: Impairment of intangibles Total restructuring charge 
 There were restructuring charges during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6 
 Securities loaned As of December 31, 2021 Securities borrowed Securities loaned 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Includes financial instruments subject to enforceable master netting provisions that are permitted to be offset to the extent an event of default has occurred. 
 (2) Includes the amount of cash collateral held/posted. 
 
 NOTE 7 
 Investment banking fees, commissions and other receivables Total accounts receivable Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Add: Additions to reserve Less: Write-offs ) ) ) Less: Recovery ) Balance, end of period 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 8 
 Inventory Equity method investments Prepaid expenses Unbilled receivables Other receivables Other assets Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 Unbilled receivables represent the amount of contractual reimbursable costs and fees for services performed in connection with fee and service-based contracts in the Auction and Liquidation segment, mobile handsets in the Communications segment, and consulting related engagements in the Financial Consulting segment. 
 
 NOTE 9 
 Machinery, equipment and computer software to years 
 Furniture and fixtures to years 
 Total Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 Depreciation expense was , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily from the acquisitions of Targus in the Consumer segment, FocalPoint in the Capital Markets segment, and Lingo and BullsEye in the Communications segment (See Note 1). 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill acquired during the year: Acquisition of other businesses Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Goodwill acquired during the year: Acquisition of other businesses Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Intangible assets consisted of the following: 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Useful Life Gross Carrying Value Accumulated Amortization Intangibles Net Gross Carrying Value Accumulated Amortization Intangibles Net Amortizable assets: Customer relationships to Years 
 ) ) Domain names years ) ) Advertising relationships years ) ) Internally developed software and other intangibles to Years 
 ) ) Trademarks to Years 
 ) ) Total ) ) Non-amortizable assets: Tradenames Total intangible assets ) ) 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, estimated future amortization expense was , , , , during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively. The estimated future amortization expense after December 31, 2027 was . 
 
 NOTE 11 
 years and years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The operating leases have lease terms up to years and years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average discount rate used to calculate the present value of lease payments was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the total operating lease expense was , , and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, , , and , respectively, of operating lease expense were attributable to variable lease expenses. Operating lease expense is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, cash payments against operating lease liabilities totaled , , and respectively, and non-cash lease expense transactions totaled , , and , respectively. Cash flows from operating leases are classified as net cash flows from operating activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liability 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any significant leases executed but not yet commenced. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 and a maturity date of April 20, 2027. Cash advances and the issuance of letters of credit under the credit facility are made at the lender s discretion. The letters of credit issued under this facility are furnished by the lender to third parties for the principal purpose of securing minimum guarantees under liquidation services contracts. All outstanding loans, letters of credit, and interest are due on the expiration date which is generally within 180 days of funding. The credit facility is secured by the proceeds received for services rendered in connection with liquidation service contracts pursuant to which any outstanding loan or letters of credit are issued and the assets that are sold at liquidation related to such contract. The interest rate for each revolving credit advance under the Credit Agreement is subject to certain terms and conditions, equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a margin of to depending on the type of advance and the percentage such advance represents of the related transaction for which such advance is provided. The credit facility provides for success fees in the amount of to of the net profits, if any, earned on the liquidation 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 to of the aggregate principal amount of all credit advances and letters of credit issued in connection with a liquidation sale. Interest expense totaled , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. There is outstanding balance on this credit facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were open letters of credit outstanding. 
 The Company is in compliance with all financial covenants in the asset-based credit facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 Other Notes Payable 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance for the other notes payable was and , respectively. Interest expense was , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Notes payable consisted of additional deferred cash consideration owed to the sellers of FocalPoint as of December 31, 2022. Notes payable to a clearing organization for one of the Company s broker dealers, which accrued interest at the prime rate plus , matured on January 31, 2022 and was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 NOTE 13 
 term loan and a revolver loan, which was used to finance part of the acquisition of Targus. 
 The Targus Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, including those limiting the Borrower s ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, sell or acquire assets or businesses, change the nature of their businesses, engage in transactions with related parties, make certain investments or pay dividends. The Targus Credit Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and events of default, including payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, covenant defaults and cross defaults. If an event of default occurs, the agent would be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts outstanding under the Targus Credit Agreement. The Company is in compliance with all financial covenants in the Targus Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 The term loan bears interest on the outstanding principal amount equal to the Term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin of . The revolver loan consists of base rate loans that bear interest on the outstanding principal amount equal to the base rate plus an applicable margin of to and term rate loans that bear interest on the outstanding principal amount equal to the revolver SOFR rate plus an applicable margin of to . 
 Principal outstanding is due in quarterly installments starting on December 31, 2022. Quarterly installments from December 31, 2022 to September 30, 2027 are in the amount of per quarter and the remaining principal balance is due at final maturity on October 18, 2027. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the term loan was (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and the outstanding balance on the revolver loan was . Interest expense on these loans during the year ended December 31, 2022 was (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs and unused commitment fees of ). The interest rate on the term loan was and the interest rate on the revolver loan ranged between to as of December 31, 2022. 
 Pathlight Credit Agreement 
 On September 23, 2022, the Company's subsidiary, B. Riley Receivables II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), entered into a credit agreement (the Pathlight Credit Agreement by and among PLC Agent, LLC in the capacity as administrative agent and Pathlight Capital Fund I LP, Pathlight Capital Fund II LP, and Pathlight Capital Fund III LP as the lenders (collectively, Pathlight for a term loan. The Pathlight Credit Agreement was entered in connection with the purchase of the 2022 Badcock Receivable discussed in Note 3. On January 12, 2023, Amendment No. 2 to the Pathlight Credit Agreement increased the term loan by an additional . The term 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 . As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Pathlight Credit Agreement was . 
 The Pathlight Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, including those limiting the Borrower s ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, sell or acquire assets or businesses, change the nature of their businesses, engage in transactions with related parties, make certain investments or pay dividends. The Pathlight Credit Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and events of default, including payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, and cross defaults. If an event of default occurs, the agent would be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the outstanding Pathlight Credit Agreement. The Company is in compliance with all financial covenants in the Pathlight Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 Principal outstanding under the Pathlight Credit Agreement is repaid based on collections of the 2022 Badcock Receivable less other application of payments as defined in the Pathlight Credit Agreement and the remaining principal balance is due at final maturity on September 23, 2027. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the term loan was (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of ). Interest expense on the term loan during the year ended December 31, 2022 was (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of ). 
 Lingo Credit Agreement 
 On August 16, 2022, the Company's subsidiary, Lingo, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), entered into a credit agreement (the Lingo Credit Agreement by and among the Borrower, the Company as the secured guarantor, and Banc of California, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent and lender, for a term loan. This loan was used to finance part of the purchase of Bullseye by Lingo. On September 9, 2022, Lingo entered into the First Amendment to the Lingo Credit Agreement with Grasshopper Bank (the New Lender for an incremental term loan of , increasing the principal balance of the term loan to . On November 10, 2022, Lingo entered into the Second Amendment to the Lingo Credit Agreement with KeyBank National Association for an incremental term loan of , increasing the principal balance of the term loan to . 
 The term loan bears interest on the outstanding principal amount equal to the Term SOFR rate plus a margin of to per annum, depending on the consolidated total funded debt ratio as defined in the Lingo Credit Agreement, plus applicable spread adjustment. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Lingo Credit Agreement was . 
 The agreement contains certain covenants, including those limiting the Borrower s ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, sell or acquire assets or businesses, change the nature of their businesses, engage in transactions with related parties, make certain investments or pay dividends. In addition, the agreement requires the Borrower to maintain certain financial ratios. The agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and events of default, including payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, covenant defaults and cross defaults. If an event of default occurs, the agent would be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the outstanding agreement. The Company is in compliance with all financial covenants in the Lingo Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 Principal outstanding is due in quarterly installments starting on March 31, 2023. Quarterly installments from March 31, 2023 to December 31, 2023 are in the amount of per quarter, from March 31, 2024 to December 31, 2024 are in the amount of per quarter, from March 31, 2025 to June 30, 2027 are in the amount of , and the remaining principal balance is due at final maturity on August 16, 2027. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the term loan was (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of ). Interest expense on the term loan during the year ended December 31, 2022 was (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of ). 
 Nomura Credit Agreement 
 On June 23, 2021, the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, BR Financial Holdings, LLC (the Primary Guarantor ), and BR Advisory Investments, LLC (the Borrower entered into a credit agreement (as amended prior to the Second Amendment (as defined below) the Credit Agreement with Nomura Corporate Funding Americas, LLC, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as collateral agent (the Collateral 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 secured term loan credit facility (the Term Loan Facility and a secured revolving loan credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). 
 On December 17, 2021 (the Amendment Date ), the Company, the Primary Guarantor, and the Borrower entered into a Second Incremental Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment ), by and among the Company, the Primary Guarantor, the Borrower, each of the subsidiary guarantors signatory thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, pursuant to which the Borrower established an incremental facility in an aggregate principal amount of (the Incremental Facility and the incremental term loans made thereunder, the Incremental Term Loans of secured term loans under the Credit Agreement on terms identical to those applicable to the Term Loan Facility. The Borrower borrowed the full amount of the Incremental Term Loans on the Amendment Date. The Term Loan Facility, Revolving Credit Facility, and Incremental Facility, together, Credit Facilities ), mature on June 23, 2025, subject to acceleration or prepayment. 
 Eurodollar loans under the Credit Facilities accrue interest at the Eurodollar Rate plus an applicable margin of . Base rate loans accrue interest at the specified base rate plus an applicable margin of . In addition to paying interest on outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company is required to pay a quarterly commitment fee based on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility, which is determined by the average utilization of the facility for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. 
 Subject to certain eligibility requirements, the assets of certain subsidiaries of the Company that hold credit assets, private equity assets, and public equity assets are placed into a borrowing base, which serves to limit the borrowings under the Credit Facilities. If borrowings under the facilities exceed the borrowing base, the Company is obligated to prepay the loans in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. The Credit Agreement and the Second Amendment contain certain representations and warranties (subject to certain agreed qualifications) that are customary for financings of this kind. 
 The Credit Agreement and the Second Amendment contain certain affirmative and negative covenants customary for financings of this type that, among other things, limit the Company s, the Primary Guarantor s, the Borrower s, and the Borrower s subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness or liens, to dispose of assets, to make certain fundamental changes, to enter into restrictive agreements, to make certain investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions, to prepay certain indebtedness and to pay dividends or to make other distributions or redemptions/repurchases in respect of their respective equity interests. In addition, the Credit Agreement and the Second Amendment contain a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain Operating EBITDA of at least and the Primary Guarantor to maintain net asset value of at least . The Credit Agreement and the Second Amendment contain customary events of default, including with respect to a failure to make payments under the credit facilities, cross-default, certain bankruptcy and insolvency events and customary change of control events. The Company is in compliance with all financial covenants in the Nomura Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 Commencing on September 30, 2022, the Term Loan Facility and Incremental Facility is amortizing in equal quarterly installments of of the aggregate principal amount of the term loan as of the closing date with the remaining balance due at final maturity on June 23, 2025. Quarterly installments from March 31, 2023 to March 31, 2025 are in the amount of per quarter. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance on the Term Loan Facility and Incremental Facility was (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of ), respectively. Interest on the term loan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of and (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of ), respectively. The interest rate on the term loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 The Company had an outstanding balance of and under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest on the revolving facility during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was (including unused commitment fees of and amortization of deferred financing costs of and (including unused commitment fees of and amortization of deferred financing costs of ), respectively. The interest rate on the revolving facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 of the equity interests of the Credit Parties, (b) of the equity interests in United Online Software Development (India) Private Limited, a private limited company organized under the laws of India; and (c) of the equity interests in magicJack VocalTec LTD., a limited company organized under the laws of Israel. Such security interests are evidenced by pledge, security, and other related agreements. 
 The BRPAC Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, including those limiting the Credit Parties , and their subsidiaries ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens, sell or acquire assets or businesses, change the nature of their businesses, engage in transactions with related parties, make certain investments or pay dividends. In addition, the BRPAC Credit Agreement requires the Credit Parties to maintain certain financial ratios. The BRPAC Credit Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and events of default, including payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, covenant defaults and cross defaults. If an event of default occurs, the agent would be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the outstanding BRPAC Credit Agreement. The Company is in compliance with all financial covenants in the BRPAC Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 Through a series of amendments, including the most recent Fourth Amendment to the BRPAC Credit Agreement (the Fourth Amendment on June 21, 2022, the Borrowers, the Secured Guarantors, the Agent and the Closing Date Lenders agreed to the following, among other things: (i) the Lenders agreed to make a new term loan to the Borrowers, the proceeds of which the Borrowers used to repay the outstanding principal amount of the existing terms loans and optional loans and will use for other general corporate purposes, (ii) a new applicable margin level of was established as set forth from the date of the Fourth Amendment, (iii) Marconi Wireless Holdings, LLC Marconi Wireless was added to the Borrowers, (iv) the maturity date of the term loan was set to June 30, 2027, and (v) the Borrowers were permitted to make certain distributions to the parent company of the Borrowers. 
 The borrowings under the amended BRPAC Credit Agreement bear interest equal to the Term SOFR rate plus a margin of to per annum, depending on the Borrowers consolidated total funded debt ratio as defined in the BRPAC Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the interest rate on the BRPAC Credit Agreement was and , respectively. 
 Principal outstanding under the Amended BRPAC Credit Agreement is due in quarterly installments. Quarterly installments from March 31, 2023 to December 31, 2023 are in the amount of per quarter, from March 31, 2024 to December 31, 2026 are in the amount of per quarter, on March 31, 2027 is in the amount of , and the remaining principal balance is due at final maturity on June 30, 2027. 
 (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and (net of unamortized debt issuance costs of ), respectively. Interest expense on the term loan during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of ), (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of ), and (including amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of ), respectively. 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14 
 Senior notes due May 31, 2024 
 Senior notes due September 30, 2026 
 Senior notes due February 28, 2025 
 Senior notes due January 31, 2028 
 Senior notes due March 31, 2026 
 Senior notes due August 31, 2028 
 Senior notes due December 31, 2026 
 Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and , respectively, of senior notes with maturity dates ranging from May 2024 to August 2028 pursuant to At the Market Issuance Sales Agreements with B. Riley Securities, Inc. which governs the program of at-the-market sales of the Company s senior notes. A series of prospectus supplements were filed by the Company with the SEC in respect of the Company s offerings of these senior notes. 
 On November 15, 2022, the Company issued of senior notes due in May 2024 2024 Notes pursuant to a prospectus supplement. Interest on the 2024 Notes is payable quarterly at . The 2024 Notes are unsecured and due and payable in full on May 30, 2024. In connection with the issuance of the 2024 Notes, the Company received net proceeds of (after underwriting commissions, fees and other issuance costs of ). The Notes bear interest at the rate of per annum. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total senior notes outstanding was (net of unamortized debt issue costs of and (net of unamortized debt issue costs of with a weighted average interest rate of and , respectively. Interest on senior notes is payable on a quarterly basis. Interest expense on senior notes totaled , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 Sales Agreement Prospectus to Issue Up to of Senior Notes 
 The most recent sales agreement prospectus was filed by us with the SEC on January 5, 2022 (the January 2022 Sales Agreement Prospectus superseding the prospectus filed with the SEC on August 11, 2021, the prospectus filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021, and the prospectus filed with the SEC on January 28, 2021. This program provides for the sale by the Company of up to of certain of the Company s senior notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, remaining availability under the Sales Agreement Prospectus. 
 
 NOTE 15 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 reportable operating segments and the All Other category during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is reported below. There were revenues in the All Other category during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Capital Markets Wealth Management Auction and Liquidation Financial Consulting Communications Consumer All Other Total Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Corporate finance, consulting and investment banking fees Wealth and asset management fees Commissions, fees and reimbursed expenses Subscription services Sale of goods Advertising, licensing and other Total revenues from contracts with customers Interest income - Loans and securities lending Trading (losses) gains on investments ) ) Fair value adjustment on loans ) ) Other Total revenues 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 Wealth and asset management fees Commissions, fees and reimbursed expenses Subscription services Service contract revenues Sale of goods Advertising, licensing and other Total revenues from contracts with customers Interest income - Loans and securities lending Trading gains on investments Fair value adjustment on loans Other Total revenues 
 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 Wealth and asset management fees Commissions, fees and reimbursed expenses Subscription services Service contract revenues Sale of goods Advertising, licensing and other Total revenues from contracts with customers Interest income - Loans and securities lending Trading gains on investments Fair value adjustment on loans ) ) Other Total revenues 
 Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or performance obligations for services is transferred to the Company s customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services. A performance obligation may be satisfied over time or at a point in time. Revenue from a performance obligation satisfied over time is recognized by measuring the Company s progress in satisfying the performance obligation in a manner that depicts the transfer of the goods or services to the customer. Revenue from a 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 142 

Table of Contents 

 143 

Table of Contents 

 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had no significant impairments related to these receivables during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company also has and of unbilled receivables included in prepaid expenses and other assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s deferred revenue primarily relates to retainer and milestone fees received from corporate finance and investment banking advisory engagements, asset management agreements, financial consulting engagements, subscription services where the performance obligation has not yet been satisfied and license agreements with guaranteed minimum royalty payments and advertising/marketing fees with additional royalty revenue based on a percentage of defined sales. Deferred revenue as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company expects to recognize the deferred revenue of as of December 31, 2022 as service and fee revenues when the performance obligation is met during the years December 31, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027 in the amount of , , , , and , respectively. The Company expects to recognize the deferred revenue of after December 31, 2027. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized revenue of , , and that was recorded as deferred revenue at the beginning of each period, respectively. 
 Contract Costs 
 Contract costs include: (1) costs to fulfill contracts associated with corporate finance and investment banking engagements are capitalized where the revenue is recognized at a point in time and the costs are determined to be recoverable; (2) costs to fulfill Auction and Liquidation services contracts where the Company guarantees a minimum recovery value for goods being sold at auction or liquidation where the revenue is recognized over time when the performance obligation is satisfied; and (3) commissions paid to obtain magicJack contracts which are recognized ratably over the contract term and third party support costs for magicJack and related equipment purchased by customers which are recognized ratably over the service period. 
 The capitalized costs to fulfill a contract were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are recorded in prepaid expenses and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized expenses of , , and related to capitalized costs to fulfill a contract, respectively. There were no significant impairment charges recognized in relation to these capitalized costs during years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 16 
 State ) Foreign Total current provision Deferred: Federal ) State ) Foreign Total deferred ) Total (benefit from) provision for income taxes ) 
 to the effective tax rate for income before income taxes is as follows during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Provision for income taxes at federal statutory rate State income taxes, net of federal benefit Noncontrolling interest tax differential Employee stock based compensation Other Effective income tax rate 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests Other State taxes Share based payments Foreign tax and other tax credit carryforwards Capital loss carryforward Net operating loss carryforward Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deductible goodwill and other intangibles ) ) State taxes ) Depreciation ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities, net ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company's loss before income taxes of , income before income taxes of , and includes a United States component of loss before income taxes of , income before income taxes of , and and a foreign component comprised of income before income taxes of , , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of and state net operating loss carryforwards of . During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded a benefit in the provision for income taxes related to federal and state net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of , , and , respectively. The Company s federal net operating loss carryforwards will expire in the tax years commencing in December 31, 2033 through December 31, 2038, the state net operating loss carryforwards will expire in tax years commencing in December 31, 2030. 
 The Company establishes a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Tax benefits of operating loss, capital loss, and tax credit carryforwards are evaluated on an ongoing basis, including a review of historical and projected future operating results, the eligible carryforward period, and other circumstances. The Company s net operating losses are subject to annual limitations in accordance with Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Accordingly, the Company is limited to the amount of net operating loss that may be utilized in future taxable years depending on the Company s actual taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company believes that the existing net operating loss carryforwards will be utilized in future tax periods before the loss carryforwards expire and it is more-likely-than-not that future taxable earnings will be sufficient to realize its deferred tax assets and has not provided a valuation allowance. The valuation allowance increased by during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company does not believe that it is more likely than not that it 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 against these deferred tax assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits totaling all of which would have an impact on the Company s effective income tax rate, if recognized. 
 Additions for current year tax positions Reductions for prior year tax positions ) Reductions due to lapse in statutes of limitations ) Ending balance 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S., various state and local jurisdictions, and certain other foreign jurisdictions. The Company is currently under audit by certain federal, state and local, and foreign tax authorities. The audits are in varying stages of completion. The Company evaluates its tax positions and establishes liabilities for uncertain tax positions that may be challenged by tax authorities. Uncertain tax positions are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, including progress of tax audits, case law developments, and closing of statutes of limitations. Such adjustments are reflected in the provision for income taxes, as appropriate. The Company is currently open to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service for the calendar years ended December 31, 2019 to 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that its gross liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by approximately within the next 12 months due to expiration of statute of limitations. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions of and for UOL and magicJack, respectively, all of which was included in income taxes payable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net benefit of and for UOL and magicJack, respectively, related to interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions primarily due to the lapse in statute of limitations. 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases if stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of public traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The Company does not expect the IR Act to have a material impact on its financial position and result of operations. 
 
 NOTE 17 
 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, because to do so would have been anti-dilutive.) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Net (loss) income applicable to common shareholders Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Effect of dilutive potential common shares: Restricted stock units and warrants Contingently issuable shares Diluted Basic (loss) income per common share ) Diluted (loss) income per common share ) 
 
 NOTE 18 
 Dividends payable Income taxes payable Other tax liabilities Contingent consideration Accrued expenses Other liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Other tax liabilities primarily consist of uncertain tax positions, sales and VAT taxes payable, and other non-income tax liabilities. Accrued expenses primarily consist of accrued trade payables, investment banking payables and legal settlements. Other liabilities primarily consist of interest payables, customer deposits, and accrued legal fees. 
 
 NOTE 19 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 of obligations that Babcock Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. B W may owe to providers of cash collateral pledged in connection with B W s debt financing. The B. Riley Guaranty is enforceable in certain circumstances, including, among others, certain events of default and the acceleration of B W s obligations under a reimbursement agreement with respect to such cash collateral. B W will pay the Company per annum in connection with the B. Riley Guaranty. B W has agreed to reimburse the Company to the extent the B. Riley Guaranty is called upon. As of December 31, 2022, the B. Riley Guaranty was in respect of up to of B W obligations after B W made paydowns of during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On August 10, 2020, the Company entered into a project specific indemnity rider to a general agreement of indemnity made by B W in favor of one of its sureties. Pursuant to the indemnity rider, the Company agreed to indemnify the surety in connection with a default by B W under the underlying indemnity agreement relating to a payment and performance bond issued by the surety in connection with a construction project undertaken by B W. In consideration for providing the indemnity rider, B W paid the Company fees in the amount of on August 26, 2020. 
 On December 22, 2021, the Company entered into a general agreement of indemnity in favor of one of B W s sureties. Pursuant to this indemnity agreement, the Company agreed to indemnify the surety in connection with a default by B W under a payment and performance bond issued by the surety in connection with a construction project undertaken by B W. In consideration for providing the indemnity, B W paid the Company fees in the amount of on January 20, 2022. 
 (c) Other Commitments 
 On June 19, 2020, the Company participated in a loan facility agreement to provide a total loan commitment up to to a retailer in Europe. The Company made an initial funding of in July 2020 and no additional borrowings were made after the initial funding. The On December 29, 2021, the availability period under the loan expired, leaving outstanding commitments under the facility as of December 31, 2021. The loan was repaid in full on March 28, 2022. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into commitments to its clients in connection with capital raising transactions, such as firm commitment underwritings, equity lines of credit, or other commitments to provide financing on specified terms and conditions. These commitments require the Company to purchase securities at a specified price or otherwise provide debt or equity financing on specified terms. Securities underwriting exposes the Company to market and credit risk, primarily in the event that, for any reason, securities purchased by the Company cannot be distributed at the anticipated price and to balance sheet risk in the event that debt or equity financing commitments cannot be syndicated. 
 
 NOTE 20 
 , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with employee stock incentive plans the Company granted restricted stock units with a total grant date fair value of and performance stock units with a total grant date fair value of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with employee stock incentive plans the Company granted restricted 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 and performance stock units with a total grant date fair value of . 
 The restricted stock units generally vest over a period of one to based on continued service. Performance based restricted stock units generally vest based on both the employee s continued service and the Company s common stock price, as defined in the grant, achieving a set threshold during the two to period following the grant. In determining the fair value of restricted stock units on the grant date, the fair value is adjusted for (a) estimated forfeitures, (b) expected dividends based on historical patterns and the Company s anticipated dividend payments over the expected holding period, and (c) the risk-free interest rate based on U.S. Treasuries for a maturity matching the expected holding period. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the expected remaining unrecognized share-based compensation expense of was to be expensed over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2021, the expected remaining unrecognized share-based compensation expense of was to be expensed over a weighted average period of years. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the per-share weighted average grant-date fair value of restricted stock units granted was and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the per-share weighted average grant-date fair value of performance stock units granted was and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total fair value of shares vested was and , respectively. 
 
 As discussed in Note 4, there were stock options with a fair value of issued as part of the consideration for the purchase price of Targus. All of these options were exercised during the fourth quarter of 2022 and there are stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 NOTE 21 
 , and were made during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In connection with the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan, share based compensation was , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares, respectively, reserved for issuance under the Purchase Plan. 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 of its outstanding common shares. All share repurchases were effected on the open market at prevailing market prices or in privately negotiated transactions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for , which represents an average price of per common share. The shares repurchased under the program were retired. On March 3, 2023, the share repurchase program was reauthorized by the Board of Directors for share repurchases of up to of the Company's outstanding common shares and expires in October 2023. On October 31, 2022, the share repurchase program was reauthorized by the Board of Directors for share repurchases up to of the Company's outstanding common shares and expires in October 2023. On October 25, 2021, the share repurchase program was reauthorized by the Board of Directors for share repurchases up to of the Company's outstanding common shares and expired in October 2022. 
 On January 15, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock inclusive of shares issued pursuant to the full exercise of the Underwriter s option to purchase additional shares of common stock at a price of per share for net proceeds of approximately after underwriting fees and costs. 
 (d) Preferred Stock 
 On October 7, 2019, the Company closed its public offering of depositary shares (the Depositary Shares ), each representing 1/1000 th of a share of Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ). The liquidation preference of each share of Series A Preferred Stock is per Depositary Share). At the closing, the Company issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock represented by Depositary Shares issued. On October 11, 2019, the Company completed the sale of an additional Depositary Shares, pursuant to the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option to purchase additional Depositary Shares. The offering of the Depositary Shares generated of gross proceeds. The Company may elect from time to time to offer the Series A Preferred Stock via ATM sales. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued depositary shares equivalent to and shares, respectively, of the Series A Preferred Stock through ATM sales. There were and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total liquidation preference for the Series A Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. Dividends on the Series A preferred paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were per depositary share. 
 On September 4, 2020, the Company issued depositary shares each representing 1/1000th of a share of Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ). The Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of per 1/1000 depositary share or per preferred share. As a result of the offering the Company issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares. The offering resulted in gross proceeds of approximately . The Company may elect from time to time to offer the Series B Preferred Stock via ATM sales. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued depositary shares equivalent to and shares, respectively, of the Series B Preferred Stock through ATM sales. There were shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Total liquidation preference for the Series B Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. Dividends on the Series B preferred paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were per depositary share. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock ranks, as to dividend rights and rights upon the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up: (i) senior to all classes or series of the Company s common stock and to all other equity securities issued by the Company other than equity securities issued with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, (ii) junior to all equity securities issued by the Company with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up and (iii) effectively junior to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible into our common stock or preferred stock) and to the indebtedness and other liabilities of (as well as any preferred equity interests held by others in) the Company s existing or future subsidiaries. Generally, the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock is not redeemable by the 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 , , and , respectively. On February 22, 2023, the Company declared a regular quarterly dividend of per share, which will be paid on or about March 23, 2023 to stockholders of record as of March 10, 2023. On October 28, 2021, the Board of Directors announced an increase to the regular quarterly dividend from per share to per share. While it is the Board s current intention to make regular dividend payments of per share each quarter and special dividend payments dependent upon certain circumstances from time to time, our Board of Directors may reduce or discontinue the payment of dividends at any time for any reason it deems relevant. The declaration and payment of any future dividends or repurchases of our common stock will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, capital expenditures, and other factors that may be deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
 July 28, 2022 August 23, 2022 August 11, 2022 April 28, 2022 May 20, 2022 May 11, 2022 February 23, 2022 March 23, 2022 March 9, 2022 October 28, 2021 November 23, 2021 November 9, 2021 July 29, 2021 August 26, 2021 August 13, 2021 May 3, 2021 May 28, 2021 May 17, 2021 February 25, 2021 March 24, 2021 March 10, 2021 October 28, 2020 November 24, 2020 November 10, 2020 July 30, 2020 August 28, 2020 August 14, 2020 May 8, 2020 June 10, 2020 June 1, 2020 March 3, 2020 March 31, 2020 March 17, 2020 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock, when and as authorized by the board of directors of the Company, are entitled to cumulative cash dividends at the rate of per annum of the liquidation preference per Depositary Share) per year (equivalent to or per Depositary Share). Dividends will be payable quarterly in arrears, on or about the last day of January, April, July and October. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, dividends in arrears in respect of the Depositary Shares were and , respectively. On January 9, 2023, the Company declared a cash dividend of per Depositary Share, which was paid on January 31, 2023 to holders of record as of the close of business on January 20, 2023. 
 Holders of Series B Preferred Stock, when and as authorized by the board of directors of the Company, are entitled to cumulative cash dividends at the rate of per annum of the liquidation preference per Depositary Share) per year (equivalent to or per Depositary Share). Dividends will be payable quarterly in arrears, on or about the last day of January, April, July and October. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, dividends in arrears in respect of the Depositary Shares were and , respectively. On January 9, 2023, the Company declared a cash dividend of per Depositary Share, which was paid on January 31, 2023 to holders of record as of the close of business on January 20, 2023. 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 July 7, 2022 July 29, 2022 July 19, 2022 April 7, 2022 April 29, 2022 April 19, 2022 January 10, 2022 January 31, 2022 January 21, 2022 October 6, 2021 November 1, 2021 October 21, 2021 July 8, 2021 August 2, 2021 July 21, 2021 April 5, 2021 April 30, 2021 April 20, 2021 January 11, 2021 January 29, 2021 January 21, 2021 October 8, 2020 October 31, 2020 October 21, 2020 July 7, 2020 July 31, 2020 July 21, 2020 April 13, 2020 April 30, 2020 April 23, 2020 January 9, 2020 January 31, 2020 January 21, 2020 
 
 NOTE 22 
 , which was in excess of its required minimum net capital of and BRWM had net capital of , which was in excess of its required minimum net capital of . As of December 31, 2021, BRS had net capital of , which was in excess of its required minimum net capital of and BRWM had net capital of , which was in excess of its required minimum net capital of . 
 
 NOTE 23 
 included were from the Funds for management fees and other operating expenses. As of December 31, 2021, amounts due from related parties of included from the Funds for management fees and other operating expenses and due from CA Global for operating expenses related to wholesale and industrial liquidation engagements managed by CA Global on behalf of GA Global Partners. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively, related to loan participations sold to BRC Partners Opportunity Fund, LP BRCPOF ), a private equity fund managed by one of its subsidiaries. There were loan participations sold or related interest expense to BRCPOF during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company also recorded commission income of and from introducing trades on behalf of BRCPOF during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There was commission income from introducing traders on behalf of BRCPOF during the year ended December 31, 2022. Our executive officers and members of our board of directors had and financial interest, which includes a financial interest of Bryant Riley, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, of and in the BRCPOF as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 , , and , respectively. 
 The Company periodically participates in loans and financing arrangements for which the Company has an equity ownership and representation on the board of directors (or similar governing body). The Company may also provide consulting services or investment banking services to raise capital for these companies. These transactions can be summarized as follows: 
 Babcock and Wilcox 
 The Company had a last-out term loan receivable due from B W that is included in loans receivable, at fair value with a fair value of as of December 31, 2020. On June 1, 2021, the Company agreed to settle the outstanding balance and accrued interest on the last-out term loan receivable in exchange for and shares of B W s Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock . 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company earned , , and , respectively, of underwriting and financial advisory and other fees from B W in connection with B W s capital raising activities. 
 One of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries entered into a services agreement with B W that provided for the President of the Company to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of B W until November 30, 2020 (the Executive Consulting Agreement ), unless terminated by either party with thirty days written notice. The agreement was extended through December 31, 2023. Under this agreement, fees for services provided are per annum, paid monthly. In addition, subject to the achievement of certain performance objectives as determined by B W s compensation committee of the board, a bonus or bonuses may also be earned and payable to the Company. In March 2022, a performance fee was approved in accordance with the Executive Consulting Agreement. 
 The Company is also a party to indemnification agreements for the benefit of B W, and the B. Riley Guaranty, each as disclosed above in Note 19 Commitments and Contingencies. 
 The Arena Group Holdings, Inc. (fka the Maven, Inc.) 
 The Company has loans receivable due from The Arena Group Holdings, Inc. (fka the Maven, Inc.) Arena included in loans receivable, at fair value of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest on these loans is payable at per annum with maturity dates through December 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned in underwriting and financial advisory and other fees from Arena in connection with Arena's capital raising activities. 
 California Natural Resources Group, LLC. 
 On November 1, 2021 the Company extended a bridge promissory note bearing interest at up to per annum to California Natural Resources Group, LLC CalNRG ). On January 3, 2022, CalNRG repaid the promissory note using proceeds from a new credit facility with a third party bank (the CalNRG Credit Facility ). The Company has guaranteed CalNRG s obligations, up to , under the CalNRG Credit Facility. 
 Faze Clan 
 
 On March 9, 2022, the Company loaned to Faze Clan, Inc. Faze pursuant to a bridge credit agreement (the Bridge Agreement ). On April 25, 2022, the Company loaned an additional pursuant to the Bridge Agreement. All principal and accrued interest pursuant to the Bridge Agreement was repaid upon closing of Faze s business combination (the Business Combination with BRPM 150, which following the Business Combination changed its name to Faze Holdings. As a result of the Business Combination, BRPM 150 is no longer a VIE of the Company. On July 19, 2022, in connection with the Business Combination, the Company purchased shares of Faze Holdings Class A common stock for per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned of incentive fees for the de-consolidation of BRPM 150 and of underwriting and financial advisory fees from Faze and BRPM 150 in connection with the Business Combination and capital raising activities. 
 154 

Table of Contents 

of a loan receivable with Lingo Management, LLC Lingo into equity and the Company's ownership interest in Lingo increased from to . This resulted in the consolidation of Lingo as more fully discussed in Note 1. 
 Targus 
 On October 18, 2022, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Targus for total purchase consideration of as more fully discussed in Note 4. At the time of the acquisition, the chief executive officer of Targus was also a member of the Company s board of directors. Upon closing the acquisition, the individual resigned from the Company s board of directors and continues to serve as the chief executive officer of Targus. 
 
 Other 
 The Company often provides consulting or investment banking services to raise capital for companies in which the Company has significant influence through equity ownership, representation on the board of directors (or similar governing body), or both. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company earned and , respectively, of fees related to these services. 
 
 NOTE 24 
 reportable operating segments: the Capital Markets segment, Wealth Management segment, Auction and Liquidation segment, Financial Consulting segment, Communications segment, and Consumer segment. These reportable segments are all distinct businesses, each with a different marketing strategy and management structure. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company realigned its segment reporting structure to reflect organizational changes from recent acquisitions and the manner in which capital is allocated. The Consumer segment includes the previously reported Brands segment and Targus, which the Company acquired in the fourth quarter of 2022. The Company has also re-aligned its previously reported Principal Investments - Communications and Other segment into the Communications segment and the All Other category that is reported with Corporate and Other below. 
 Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans ) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Total revenues Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Restructuring charge ) Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Segment (loss) income Wealth Management segment: Revenues - Services and fees Trading income and fair value adjustments Total revenues Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Restructuring charge ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) 
 155 

Table of Contents Auction and Liquidation segment: Revenues - Services and fees Revenues - Sale of goods Interest Income - Loan Total revenues Direct cost of services ) ) ) Cost of goods sold ) ) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Restructuring charge ) Depreciation and amortization ) Segment income Financial Consulting segment: Revenues - Services and fees Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Restructuring charge ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Segment income Communications segment: Revenues - Services and fees Revenues - Sale of goods Total revenues Direct cost of services ) ) ) Cost of goods sold ) ) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Restructuring charge ) Segment income Consumer segment: Revenues - Services and fees Revenues - Sale of goods Total revenues Cost of goods sold ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Impairment of tradenames ) Segment income ) Consolidated operating income from reportable segments All Other: Revenues - Services and fees Corporate and other expenses ) ) ) Interest income Dividend income Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) 
 156 

Table of Contents 

 Income (loss) on equity method investments ) Interest expense ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes ) ) Net (loss) income ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net (loss) income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. ) Preferred stock dividends Net (loss) income available to common shareholders 
 157 

Table of Contents 

 Australia Europe Total Revenues - Services and fees Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans North America ) Revenues - Sale of goods North America Australia Europe and Middle East Asia Latin America Total Revenues - Sale of Goods Revenues - Interest income - Loans and securities lending: North America Europe Total Revenues: North America Australia Europe and Middle East Asia Latin America Total Revenues 
 Europe Asia Pacific Australia Total 
 Segment assets are not reported to, or used by, the Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker to allocate resources to, or assess performance of, the segments and therefore, total segment assets have not been disclosed. 
 158 

Table of Contents 

Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring charge 
 159 

Table of Contents 

 Total operating expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other ) Income (loss) from equity method investments ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) ) ) ) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net (loss) income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. ) ) ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends Net (loss) income available to common shareholders Basic (loss) income per common share ) ) ) ) ) Diluted (loss) income per common share ) ) ) ) ) 
 160 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 
 For the quarterly periods during the year ended December 31, 2021 
 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Trading income and fair value adjustments on loans Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) 
 161 

Table of Contents Income (loss) from method equity investments ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic income per common share Diluted income per common share Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2022 
 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 162 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) ) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring charge Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (b) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other ) ) Loss from equity method investments ) ) Interest expense ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic income per common share Diluted income per common share Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 (b) To reclassify realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments from Trading income (loss) and fair value on loans to Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments. 
 
 163 

Table of Contents 

164 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) ) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring charge Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating (loss) income ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) (b) ) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other Income from equity method investments Interest expense ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Benefit from income taxes Net loss ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. ) ) Preferred stock dividends Net loss available to common shareholders Basic loss per common share ) ) Diluted loss per common share ) ) Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 (b) To reclassify realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments from Trading income (loss) and fair value on loans to Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments. 
 
 165 

Table of Contents 

166 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) ) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) (b) ) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other Loss from equity method investments ) ) Interest expense ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Benefit from income taxes Net loss ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. ) ) Preferred stock dividends Net loss available to common shareholders Basic loss per common share ) ) Diluted loss per common share ) ) Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 (b) To reclassify realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments from Trading income (loss) and fair value on loans to Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments. 
 
 For the six months ended June 30, 2022 
 167 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) ) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) (b) ) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other Income from equity method investments Interest expense ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Benefit from income taxes Net loss ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. ) ) Preferred stock dividends Net loss available to common shareholders Basic loss per common share ) ) Diluted loss per common share ) ) Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 168 

Table of Contents 

For the three months ended March 31, 2022 
 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 169 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) ) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) (b) ) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other Income (loss) from equity method investments Interest expense ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Benefit from income taxes Net loss ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. ) ) Preferred stock dividends Net loss available to common shareholders Basic loss per common share ) ) Diluted loss per common share ) ) Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 (b) To reclassify realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments from Trading income (loss) and fair value on loans to Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments. 
 
 For the three months ended December 31, 2021 
 170 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading income (loss) and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (b) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other ) ) Income from equity method investments Interest expense ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic income per common share Diluted income per common share Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 171 

Table of Contents 

For the three months ended September 30, 2021 
 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 172 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading income and fair value adjustments on loans (b) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) (b) ) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other Income from equity method investments Interest expense ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic income per common share Diluted income per common share Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 (b) To reclassify realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments from Trading income (loss) and fair value on loans to Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2021 
 173 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading income (loss) and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (b) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other Income from equity method investments Interest expense ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic income per common share Diluted income per common share Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 174 

Table of Contents 

For the three months ended June 30, 2021 
 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 175 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading income (loss) and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (b) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other Loss from equity method investments ) ) Interest expense ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) Net income Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic income per common share Diluted income per common share Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 (b) To reclassify realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments from Trading income (loss) and fair value on loans to Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments. 
 
 For the six months ended June 30, 2021 
 176 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading income (loss) and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (b) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other Income from equity method investments Interest expense ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic income per common share Diluted income per common share Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 177 

Table of Contents 

For the three months ended March 31, 2021 
 B. RILEY FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 178 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) Trading (loss) income and fair value adjustments on loans ) (b) Interest income - Loans and securities lending Sale of goods Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Direct cost of services Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense - Securities lending and loan participations sold Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Dividend income (a) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (b) Change in fair value of financial instruments and other Income from equity method investments Interest expense ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to B. Riley Financial, Inc. Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic income per common share Diluted income per common share Weighted average basic common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 (a) To reclassify dividends received from investments from Services and fees to Dividend income. 
 (b) To reclassify realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments from Trading income (loss) and fair value on loans to Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments. 
 179 

<EX-4.29>
 2
 ex429-descriptionofregiste.htm
 EX-4.29

Document 

Exhibit 4.29 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 B. Riley Financial, Inc. has ten classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act 
 
 (1) our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock 
 (2) our depositary shares (each representing a 1 1000 th interest in a 6.875 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share) (the Series A Depositary Shares 
 (3) our depositary shares (each representing a 1 1000 th interest in a 7.375 Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share) (the Series B Depositary Shares 
 (4) our 6.75 Senior Notes due 2024 (the 2024 Notes 
 (5) our 6.375 Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes 
 (6) our 6.50 Senior Notes due 2026 (the 6.50 2026 Notes 
 (7) our 5.50 Senior Notes due 2026 (the 5.50 2026 Notes 
 (8) our 5.00 Senior Notes due 2026 (the 5.00 2026 Notes 
 (9) our 6.00 Senior Notes due 2028 (the 6.00 2028 Notes and 
 (10) our 5.25 Senior Notes due 2028 (the 5.25 2028 Notes , and together with the 2024 Notes, 2025 Notes, 6.50 2026 Notes, 5.50 2026 Notes, 5.00 2026 Notes and 6.00 2028 Notes, the Notes 

This description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of our (i) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended Certificate of Incorporation (ii) Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended Bylaws (iii) Certificate of Designation designating the 6.875 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series A Certificate of Designation (iv) Certificate of Designation designating the 7.375 Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series B Certificate of Designation (v) Series A Deposit Agreement (as defined below) (vi) Series B Deposit Agreement (as defined below) and (vii) 2019 Indenture (as defined below) (clauses (i) (vii) together, the Documents ). We encourage you to read the Documents and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law for additional information. 
 
 References herein to the Company, we, us or our refer to B. Riley Financial, Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 Authorized Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we are authorized to issue 101,000,000 shares of capital stock. Our authorized capital stock is comprised of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock. Ranking Our Common Stock ranks junior to any future issuances of preferred stock and the Notes and any future senior securities that we may establish and issue from time to time, with respect to the payments of distributions and amounts, and rights to payment upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up. Dividends Subject to preferences that may apply to any then outstanding shares of preferred stock, the holders of outstanding shares of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available for distribution at the times and in the amounts, if any, that our board of directors (the Board may determine from time to time. 
 Liquidation In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, subject to the rights of each series of our preferred stock, which may, from time to time come into existence, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets remaining after we pay our liabilities. 

Voting Rights The holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Except as otherwise provided by law, our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws or the rules and regulations of any stock exchange applicable to us or pursuant to any other regulation applicable to us or our stockholders, at each meeting of stockholders at which a quorum is present, all corporate actions to be taken by vote of the stockholders shall be authorized by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter, and where a separate vote by class or series is required, if a quorum of such class or series is present, such act shall be authorized by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock of such class or series present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter. Nominee for director shall be elected to the Board if a majority of the votes cast are in favor of such nominee s election provided, however, that, if the number of nominees for director exceeds the number of directors to be elected, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders held to elect directors and entitled to vote on such election of directors. For purposes of this bylaw, a majority of votes cast shall mean that the number of votes cast for a director s election exceeds the number of votes cast against that director s election (with abstentions and broker nonvotes not counted as a vote cast either for or against that director s election). In the event that a director nominee fails to receive an affirmative majority of the votes cast in an election where the number of nominees is less than or equal to the number of directors to be elected, the Board, within its powers, may take any appropriate action, including decreasing the number of directors or filling a vacancy. Listing Our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbol RILY. 
 Transfer Agent The transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursing agent for our Common Stock is Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company. 
 
 Description of the Series A Depositary Shares and Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 The following is a summary of the material terms and provisions of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series A Depositary Shares. The statements below describing our Series A Preferred Stock are in all respects subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, Certificate of Designation, Bylaws and our Deposit Agreement, dated October 7, 2019, among the Company, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Depositary, and the holders of depositary receipts (the Series A Deposit Agreement ). 
 
 Ranking The 6.875 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Series A Preferred Stock underlying the Series A Depositary Shares will rank, as to dividend rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 (1) Senior to all classes or series of our Common Stock and to all other equity securities issued by us other than any equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock 

(2) Junior to all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and 
 
 (3) Effectively junior to all our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible into our Common Stock or preferred stock) and to the indebtedness and other liabilities of (as well as any preferred equity interests held by others in) our existing or future subsidiaries. 
 Dividends We will pay cumulative cash dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock, when and as declared by our Board, at the rate of 6.875 of the 25,000.00 liquidation preference 25.00 per depositary share) per year (equivalent to 1,718.75 or 1.71875 per depositary share). Dividends will be payable quarterly in arrears, on or about the last day of January, April, July and October provided that if any dividend payment date is not a business day, then the dividend which would otherwise have been payable on that dividend payment date may be paid on the next succeeding business day, and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accumulate. Dividends will accumulate and be cumulative from, and including, the date of original issuance. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock underlying the Series A Depositary Shares will continue to accumulate whether or not (i) any of our agreements prohibit the current payment of dividends, (ii) we have earnings or funds legally available to pay the dividends, or (iii) our Board does not declare the payment of the dividends. Liquidation Preference The liquidation preference of each share of Series A Preferred Stock is 25,000.00 25.00 per depositary share). Upon liquidation, Series A preferred shareholders will be entitled to receive the liquidation preference with respect to their shares of Series A Preferred Stock plus an amount equal to accumulated but unpaid dividends with respect to such shares. Optional Redemption We may not redeem the Series A Preferred Stock underlying the Series A Depositary Shares prior to October 7, 2024, except as described below under Special Optional Redemption. At any time on or after October 7, 2024, we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or from time to time in part, by paying 25,000.00 per share (equivalent to 25.00 per depositary share), plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of redemption, and the depositary will redeem a proportional number of Series A Depositary Shares representing the shares redeemed. We refer to this redemption as an optional redemption. 
 
 Special Optional Redemption Upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event (as defined below), we may, at our option, redeem the Series A preferred stock, in whole or in part, within 90 days after the first date on which such Delisting Event occurred, for cash, at a redemption price of 25,000.00 per share (equivalent to 25.00 per depositary share), plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of redemption, and the depositary will redeem a proportional number of Series A Depositary Shares representing the shares redeemed. A Delisting Event occurs when, after the original issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, both (i) the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (or the Series A Depositary Shares) are no longer listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), the NYSE American LLC NYSE AMER or the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq Exchange ), or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE AMER or Nasdaq Exchange, and (ii) we are not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, but any Series A Preferred Stock is still outstanding. 

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below), we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock underlying the Series A Depositary Shares, in whole or in part within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash, at a redemption price of 25,000.00 per share (equivalent to 25.00 per depositary share), plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of redemption, and the depositary will redeem a proportional number of Series A Depositary Shares representing the shares redeemed. A Change of Control occurs when, after the original issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, the following have occurred and are continuing 
 the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of shares of our company entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all shares of our company entitled to vote generally in elections of directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and 
 following the closing of any transaction referred to in the bullet point above, neither we nor any acquiring or surviving entity (or if, in connection with such transaction shares of our Common Stock are converted into or exchanged for (in whole or in part) common equity securities of another entity), has a class of common securities (or ADRs representing such securities) listed on the NYSE, the NYSE AMER or Nasdaq Exchange, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE AMER or Nasdaq Exchange. 
 We refer to redemption following a Delisting Event or Change of Control as a special optional redemption. If, prior to the Delisting Event Conversion Date or the Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable, we have provided or provide notice of exercise of any of our redemption rights relating to the Series A Preferred Stock (whether our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption right), the holders of Series A Depositary Shares representing interests in the Series A Preferred Stock will not have the conversion right described below. 
 
 Conversion Rights Upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event or a Change of Control, as applicable, each holder of Series A Depositary Shares representing interests in the Series A Preferred Stock will have the right (unless, prior to the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable, we have provided or provide notice of our election to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock) to direct the depositary, on such holder s behalf, to convert some or all of the Series A Preferred Stock underlying the Series A Depositary Shares held by such holder on the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable into a number of shares of our Common Stock (or equivalent value of alternative consideration) per depositary share equal to the lesser of the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the sum of the 25.00 per depositary share liquidation preference plus the amount of any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable (unless the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable is after a record date for a Series A Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series A Preferred Stock dividend payment date, in which case no additional amount for such accumulated and unpaid dividend will be included in this sum) by (2) the Common Stock Price (as defined herein) and 

2.176 (i.e., the Series A Share Cap), subject to certain adjustments 
 
 and subject, in each case, to certain conditions, including, under specified circumstances, an aggregate cap on the total number of shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversion and to provisions for the receipt of alternative consideration. If, prior to the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable, we have provided or provide a redemption notice, whether pursuant to our special optional redemption right or our optional redemption right, holders of Series A Depositary Shares representing interests in the Series A Preferred Stock will not have any right to direct the depositary to convert the Series A Preferred Stock, and any Series A Preferred Stock subsequently selected for redemption that has been tendered for conversion will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable. Because each depositary share represents a 1 1000th interest in a share of the Series A Preferred Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock ultimately received for each depositary share will be equal to the number of shares of Common Stock received upon conversion of each share of Series A Preferred Stock divided by 1000. In the event that the conversion would result in the issuance of fractional shares of Common Stock, we will pay the holder of Series A Depositary Shares cash in lieu of such fractional shares. Except as provided above in connection with a Delisting Event or Change of Control, shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or property. No Maturity, Sinking Fund or Mandatory Redemption The Series A Preferred Stock underlying the Series A Depositary Shares does not have any stated maturity date and is not subject to mandatory redemption at the option of the holder or any sinking fund. We are not required to set aside funds to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. Accordingly, the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A Depositary Shares will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem them pursuant to our optional redemption or special optional redemption rights, or they are converted in connection with a Delisting Event or Change of Control. Limited Voting Rights Holders of the Series A Depositary Shares representing interests in the Series A Preferred Stock generally will have no voting rights. However, if we do not pay dividends on any outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock for six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether or not declared or consecutive), holders of Series A Depositary Shares representing interests in the Series A Preferred Stock (voting separately as a class with all other outstanding series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable) will be entitled to elect two additional directors to our Board to serve until all unpaid dividends have been fully paid or declared and set apart for payment. In addition, certain material and adverse changes to the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock cannot be made without the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class. In any matter in which the Series A Preferred Stock may vote, each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote. As a result, each depositary share will be entitled to 1 1000th of a vote. Listing Our Series A Depositary Shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol RILYP. 

Form The Series A Depositary Shares will be issued and maintained in book-entry form registered in the name of the nominee of The Depository Trust Company, except under limited circumstances. Depositary Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company. 
 
 Description of the Series B Depositary Shares and Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 The following is a summary of the material terms and provisions of the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series B Depositary Shares. The statements below describing our Series B Preferred Stock are in all respects subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, Certificate of Designation, Bylaws and our Deposit Agreement, dated September 4, 2020, among the Company, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Depositary, and the holders of depositary receipts (the Series B Deposit Agreement ). 
 Ranking The 7.375 Series B Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Series B Preferred Stock underlying the Series B Depositary Shares will rank, as to dividend rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 (1) Senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us expressly designated as ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock 
 (2) On parity with our Series A Preferred Stock 
 (2) Junior to all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and 
 (3) Effectively junior to all our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible into our common stock or preferred stock) and to the indebtedness and other liabilities of (as well as any preferred equity interests held by others in) our existing or future subsidiaries. 
 Dividends We will pay cumulative cash dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock, when and as declared by our Board of Directors, at the rate of 7.375 of the 25,000.00 liquidation preference 25.00 per depositary share) per year (equivalent to 1,843.75 or 1.84375 per depositary share). Dividends will be payable quarterly in arrears, on or about the last day of January, April, July and October provided that if any dividend payment date is not a business day, then the dividend which would otherwise have been payable on that dividend payment date may be paid on the next succeeding business day, and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accumulate. Dividends will accumulate and be cumulative from, and including, the date of original issuance. Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock underlying the Series B Depositary Shares will continue to accumulate whether or not (i) any of our agreements prohibit the current payment of dividends, (ii) we have earnings or funds legally available to pay the dividends, or (iii) our Board of Directors does not declare the payment of the dividends. 

Liquidation Preference The liquidation preference of each share of Series B Preferred Stock is 25,000.00 25.00 per depositary share). Upon liquidation, Series B preferred shareholders will be entitled to receive the liquidation preference with respect to their shares of Series B Preferred Stock plus an amount equal to accumulated but unpaid dividends with respect to such shares. Optional Redemption We may not redeem the Series B Preferred Stock underlying the Series B Depositary Shares prior to September 4, 2025, except as described below under Special Optional Redemption. At any time on or after September 4, 2025, we may, at our option, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or from time to time in part, by paying 25,000.00 per share (equivalent to 25.00 per depositary share), plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of redemption, and the depositary will redeem a proportional number of Series B Depositary Shares representing the shares redeemed. We refer to this redemption as an optional redemption. Special Optional Redemption Upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event (as defined below), we may, at our option, redeem the Series B preferred stock, in whole or in part, within 90 days after the first date on which such Delisting Event occurred, for cash, at a redemption price of 25,000.00 per share (equivalent to 25.00 per depositary share), plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of redemption, and the depositary will redeem a proportional number of Series B Depositary Shares representing the shares redeemed. A Delisting Event occurs when, after the original issuance of Series B Preferred Stock, both (i) the shares of Series B Preferred Stock (or the Series B Depositary Shares) are no longer listed on the NYSE, the NYSE AMER or the Nasdaq Exchange, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE AMER or Nasdaq Exchange, and (ii) we are not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, but any Series B Preferred Stock is still outstanding. 
 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below), we may, at our option, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock underlying the Series B Depositary Shares, in whole or in part within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash, at a redemption price of 25,000.00 per share (equivalent to 25.00 per depositary share), plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of redemption, and the depositary will redeem a proportional number of Series B Depositary Shares representing the shares redeemed. 

A Change of Control occurs when, after the original issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock, the following have occurred and are continuing 
 the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of shares of our company entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all shares of our company entitled to vote generally in elections of directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and 

following the closing of any transaction referred to in the bullet point above, neither we nor any acquiring or surviving entity (or if, in connection with such transaction shares of our common stock are converted into or exchanged for (in whole or in part) common equity securities of another entity), has a class of common securities (or ADRs representing such securities) listed on the NYSE, the NYSE AMER or Nasdaq Exchange, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE AMER or Nasdaq Exchange. 
 We refer to redemption following a Delisting Event or Change of Control as a special optional redemption. If, prior to the Delisting Event Conversion Date or the Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable, we have provided or provide notice of exercise of any of our redemption rights relating to the Series B Preferred Stock (whether our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption right), the holders of Series B Depositary Shares representing interests in the Series B Preferred Stock will not have the conversion right described below. Conversion Rights Upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event or a Change of Control, as applicable, each holder of Series B Depositary Shares representing interests in the Series B Preferred Stock will have the right (unless, prior to the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable, we have provided or provide notice of our election to redeem the Series B Preferred Stock) to direct the depositary, on such holder s behalf, to convert some or all of the Series B Preferred Stock underlying the Series B Depositary Shares held by such holder on the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable into a number of shares of our common stock (or equivalent value of alternative consideration) per depositary share equal to the lesser of the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the sum of the 25.00 per depositary share liquidation preference plus the amount of any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable (unless the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable is after a record date for a Series B Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series B Preferred Stock dividend payment date, in which case no additional amount for such accumulated and unpaid dividend will be included in this sum) by (2) the Common Stock Price (as defined herein) and 
 1.8671 (i.e., the Series B Share Cap), subject to certain adjustments 
 and subject, in each case, to the conditions described in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, including, under specified circumstances, an aggregate cap on the total number of shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion and to provisions for the receipt of alternative consideration. If, prior to the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable, we have provided or provide a redemption notice, whether pursuant to our special optional redemption right or our optional redemption right, holders of Series B Depositary Shares representing interests in the Series B Preferred Stock will not have any right to direct the depositary to convert the Series B Preferred Stock, and any Series B Preferred Stock subsequently selected for redemption that has been tendered for conversion will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Delisting Event Conversion Date or Change of Control Conversion Date, as applicable. 

Because each depositary share represents a 1 1000th interest in a share of the Series B Preferred Stock, the number of shares of common stock ultimately received for each depositary share will be equal to the number of shares of common stock received upon conversion of each share of Series B Preferred Stock divided by 1000. In the event that the conversion would result in the issuance of fractional shares of common stock, we will pay the holder of Series B Depositary Shares cash in lieu of such fractional shares. Except as provided above in connection with a Delisting Event or Change of Control, shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or property. No Maturity, Sinking Fund or Mandatory Redemption The Series B Preferred Stock underlying the Series B Depositary Shares does not have any stated maturity date and is not subject to mandatory redemption at the option of the holder or any sinking fund. We are not required to set aside funds to redeem the Series B Preferred Stock. Accordingly, the Series B Preferred Stock and Series B Depositary Shares will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem them pursuant to our optional redemption or special optional redemption rights, or they are converted in connection with a Delisting Event or Change of Control. Limited Voting Rights Holders of the Series B Depositary Shares representing interests in the Series B Preferred Stock generally will have no voting rights. However, if we do not pay dividends on any outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock for six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether or not declared or consecutive), holders of shares of the Series B Preferred Stock and the holders of preferred stock of all other classes and series ranking on parity with the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, and upon which like voting rights have been conferred, including our Series A Preferred Stock, and are exercisable, which we refer to as our parity preferred stock, and with which the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and all classes and series of parity preferred stock are entitled to vote together as a single class, voting together as a single class will be entitled to elect two additional directors to our Board of Directors to serve until all unpaid dividends have been fully paid or declared and set apart for payment. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock and any other class or series of parity preferred stock with which the holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together as a single class, including our Series A Preferred Stock, is required for us to create, authorize or issue any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series B Preferred Stock or to amend any provision of our charter so as to materially and adversely affect the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock. If the proposed charter amendments would materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series B Preferred Stock disproportionately relative to any other class or series of parity preferred stock, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, is also required. In any matter in which the Series B Preferred Stock may vote, each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote. As a result, each depositary share will be entitled to 1 1000 th of a vote. 
 Listing The Series B Depositary Shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol RILYL. Form The Series B Depositary Shares will be issued and maintained in book-entry form registered in the name of the nominee of The Depository Trust Company, except under limited circumstances. Depositary Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company. 

Description of the Notes 
 The following is a summary of the material terms and provisions of the Notes . The description of the Notes are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to our Indenture dated as of May 7, 2019, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated May 7, 2019, the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 23, 2019, the Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 12, 2020, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 25, 2021, the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 29, 2021, the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 6, 2021 and the Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 3, 2021, which we refer to collectively as the 2019 Indenture , between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., trustee. 
 
 We use the term trustee to refer to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, under the 2019 Indenture. 
 
 Maturity The 2024 Notes will mature on May 31, 2024, the 2025 Notes will mature on February 28, 2025, the 6.50 2026 Notes will mature on September 30, 2026, the 5.50 2026 Notes will mature on March 31, 2026, the 5.00 2026 Notes will mature on December 31, 2026, the 6.00 2028 Notes will mature on January 31, 2028 and the 5.25 2028 Notes will mature on August 31, 2028, each unless redeemed prior to maturity. Interest Rate and Payment Dates 6.75 interest per annum on the principal amount of the 2024 Notes, 6.375 interest per annum on the principal amount of the 2025 Notes, 6.50 interest per annum on the principal amount of the 6.50 2026 Notes, 5.50 interest per annum on the principal amount of the 5.50 2026 Notes, 5.00 interest per annum on the principal amount of the 5.00 2026 Notes, 6.00 interest per annum on the principal amount of the 6.00 2028 Notes and 5.25 interest per annum on the principal amount of the 5.25 2028 Notes will accrue from the most recent interest payment date immediately preceding the date of issuance of the 2024 Notes, 2025 Notes, 6.50 2026 Notes, 5.50 2026 Notes, 5.00 2026 Notes, 6.00 2028 Notes and 5.25 2028 Notes, respectively, except that Notes purchased after the record dates noted below, but prior to the interest payment date immediately following such record date (or if settlement of a purchase of Notes otherwise occurs after such record date but prior to the interest payment date immediately following such record date), such Notes will not begin to accrue interest until the interest payment date immediately following such record date. Interest will be paid quarterly in arrears on January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 of each year. The interest payable on each interest payment date will be paid only to holders of record of the Notes at the close of business on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year, as the case may be, immediately preceding the applicable interest payment date. As a general matter, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive any payments of principal on the Notes prior to the stated maturity date. 

Guarantors None. Ranking The Notes will be our senior unsecured obligations and will rank equal in right of payment with all of our existing and future senior unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The Notes will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) of our subsidiaries. The 2019 Indenture governing the Notes does not limit the amount of indebtedness that we or our subsidiaries may incur or whether any such indebtedness can be secured by our assets. Optional Redemption We may redeem the 2024 Notes for cash in whole or in part at any time at our option (i) on or after May 31, 2021 and prior to May 31, 2022, at a price equal to 25.50 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, (ii) on or after May 31, 2022 and prior to May 31, 2023, at a price equal to 25.25 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, and (iii) on or after May 31, 2023 and prior to maturity, at a price equal to 100 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 
 We may redeem the 2025 Notes for cash in whole or in part at any time at our option (i) on or after February 28, 2021 and prior to February 28, 2022, at a price equal to 25.75 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, (ii) on or after February 28, 2022 and prior to February 28, 2023, at a price equal to 25.50 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, (iii) on or after February 28, 2023 and prior to February 29, 2024, at a price equal to 25.25 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, and (iv) on or after February 29, 2024 and prior to maturity, at a price equal to 100 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 

We may redeem the 6.50 2026 Notes for cash in whole or in part at any time at our option (i) on or after September 30, 2022 and prior to September 30, 2023, at a price equal to 25.50 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, (ii) on or after September 30, 2023 and prior to September 30, 2024, at a price equal to 25.25 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, and (iii) on or after September 30, 2024 and prior to maturity, at a price equal to 100 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 
 Prior to January 1, 2026 (the 5.50 2026 Notes Par Call Date ), we may, at our option, redeem the 5.50 2026 Notes, for cash in whole or in part at any time, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus the 5.50 2026 Notes Make-Whole Amount, if any, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. On or after January 1, 2026 and prior to maturity, we may, at our option, redeem the 5.50 2026 Notes, for cash in whole or in part at any time at a redemption price equal to 100 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 
 Prior to October 2, 2026 (the 5.00 2026 Notes Par Call Date ), we may, at our option, redeem the 5.00 2026 Notes, for cash in whole or in part at any time, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus the 5.00 2026 Notes Make-Whole Amount, if any, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. On or after October 2, 2026 and prior to maturity, we may, at our option, redeem the 5.00 2026 Notes for cash in whole or in part at any time at a redemption price equal to 100 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 We may redeem the 6.00 2028 Notes for cash in whole or in part at any time at our option (i) on or after January 31, 2022 and prior to January 31, 2023, at a price equal to 25.75 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, (ii) on or after January 31, 2023 and prior to January 31, 2024, at a price equal to 25.50 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, (iii) on or after January 31, 2024 and prior to January 31, 2025, at a price equal to 25.25 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, and (iv) on or after January 31, 2025 and prior to maturity, at a price equal to 100 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 
 At any time prior to August 31, 2023, we may redeem the 5.25 2028 Notes for cash in whole or in part at any time at our option at a redemption price equal to 100.0 of the principal amount thereof plus the 5.25 2028 Notes Make-Whole Amount as of, and accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. In addition, we may redeem the 5.25 2028 Notes for cash in whole or in part at any time at our option (i) on or after August 31, 2023 and prior to August 31, 2024, at a price equal to 25.75 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, (ii) on or after August 31, 2024 and prior to August 31, 2025, at a price equal to 25.50 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, (iii) on or after August 31, 2025 and prior to August 31, 2026, at a price equal to 25.25 per note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption, and (iv) on or after August 31, 2026 and prior to maturity, at a price equal to 100 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 

As used herein 
 
 5.50 2026 Make-Whole Amount means, in connection with any optional redemption of any 5.50 2026 Note, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of the present values, as of the date of such redemption, of the remaining scheduled payments of principal of, and interest (exclusive of interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption) on, such 5.50 2026 Note, assuming such 5.50 2026 Note matured on, and that accrued and unpaid interest on such 5.50 2026 Note was payable through, the 5.50 2026 Notes Par Call Date, determined by discounting, on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months), such principal and interest at the Reinvestment Rate (as defined below) (determined on the third business day preceding the date of redemption) over (ii) the aggregate principal amount of such 5.50 2026 Notes being redeemed. 
 
 5.00 2026 Make-Whole Amount means, in connection with any optional redemption of any 5.00 2026 Note, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of the present values, as of the date of such redemption, of the remaining scheduled payments of principal of, and interest (exclusive of interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption) on, such 5.00 2026 Note, assuming such 5.00 2026 Note matured on, and that accrued and unpaid interest on such 5.00 2026 Note was payable through, the 5.00 2026 Notes Par Call Date, determined by discounting, on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months), such principal and interest at the Reinvestment Rate (as defined below) (determined on the third business day preceding the date of redemption) over (ii) the aggregate principal amount of such 5.00 2026 Notes being redeemed. 
 
 5.25 2028 Make-Whole Amount means, in connection with any optional redemption of any 5.25 2028 Note, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of the present values, as of the date of redemption, of the remaining scheduled payments of principal (including the applicable redemption price of such 5.25 2028 Note at August 31, 2023) of, and interest (exclusive of interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption) on, such 5.25 2028 Note, assuming such 5.25 2028 Note matured on, and that accrued and unpaid interest on such 5.25 2028 Note was payable through, August 31, 2023, determined by discounting, on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months), such principal and interest at the Reinvestment Rate (determined on the third business day preceding the date of redemption) over (ii) the aggregate principal amount of such 5.25 2028 Notes being redeemed. 
 
 Reinvestment Rate means, 0.500 , or 50 basis points, plus the arithmetic mean (rounded to the nearest one-hundredth of one percent) of the yields displayed for each day in the preceding calendar week published in the most recent Statistical Release under the caption Treasury constant maturities for the maturity (rounded to the nearest month) corresponding to the remaining life to maturity of the 5.50 2026 Notes, 5.00 2026 Notes or 5.25 2028 Notes, as applicable (assuming that the 5.50 2026 Notes matured on the 5.50 2026 Notes Par Call Date or assuming that the 5.00 2026 Notes matured on the 5.00 2026 Notes Par Call Date or assuming that the 5.25 2028 Notes matured on August 31, 2023, as applicable) as of the date of redemption. If no maturity exactly corresponds to such remaining life to maturity, yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to such remaining life to maturity shall be calculated pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence and the Reinvestment Rate shall be interpolated or extrapolated from such yields on a straight-line basis, rounding in each of such relevant periods to the nearest month. For the purpose of calculating the Reinvestment Rate, the most recent Statistical Release published prior to the date of determination of the Reinvestment Rate shall be used. 
 
 Statistical Release means that statistical release designated H.15 or any successor publication that is published daily by the Federal Reserve System and that establishes yields on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturities, or, if such statistical release (or a successor publication) is not published at the time of any determination under the Indenture, then such other reasonably comparable index that shall be designated by us. 
 Sinking Fund The Notes will not be subject to any sinking fund (i.e., no amounts will be set aside by us to ensure repayment of the Notes at maturity). 

Events of Default Events of default generally will include failure to pay principal, failure to pay interest, failure to observe or perform any other covenant or warranty in the Notes or in the 2019 Indenture, and certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization. Certain Covenants The 2019 Indenture that governs the Notes contains certain covenants, including, but not limited to, restrictions on our ability to merge or consolidate with or into any other entity. No Financial Covenants The 2019 Indenture relating to the Notes does not contain financial covenants. Modification or Waiver The holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding principal amount of the applicable series of Notes, may on behalf of the holders of all the Notes waive any past default with respect to such Notes, other than (i) a default in the payment of principal or interest on such series of Notes, when such payments are due and payable (other than by acceleration), or (ii) in respect of a covenant that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each holder of such series of Notes. Certain changes to the Notes require the specific approval of each holder of the Notes, including changing the stated maturity, reducing the principal amount or rate of interest, changing the place of payment, impairing the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment, reducing the percentage in principal amount of holders of the Notes whose consent is needed to modify or amend the 2019 Indenture and reducing the percentage in principal amount of holders of the Notes whose consent is needed to waive compliance with certain provisions of the 2019 Indenture or to waive certain defaults. 
 
 Additional Notes We may create and issue additional notes ranking equally and ratably with the 2024 Notes, 2025 Notes, 6.50 2026 Notes, 5.50 2026 Notes, 5.00 2026 Notes, 6.00 2028 Notes and 5.25 2028 Notes, in all respects, so that such additional notes will constitute and form a single series with the 2024 Notes, 2025 Notes, 6.50 2026 Notes, 5.50 2026 Notes, 5.00 2026 Notes, 6.00 2028 Notes and 5.25 2028 Notes, as applicable, and will have the same terms as to status, redemption or otherwise (except the price to public, the issue date and, if applicable, the initial interest payment date) as such Notes. We will not issue any such additional notes unless such issuance would constitute a qualified reopening for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Listing The 2024 Notes, 2025 Notes, 6.50 2026 Notes, 5.50 2026 Notes, 5.00 2026 Notes, 6.00 2028 Notes and 5.25 2028 Notes, when issued, are or will be quoted on Nasdaq under the symbols RILYO, RILYM, RILYN, RILYK, RILYG, RILYT and RILYZ, respectively. Form and Denomination The Notes are issued in book-entry form in minimum denominations of 25 and integral multiples in excess thereof. The Notes will be represented by a permanent global certificate deposited with the trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company DTC and registered in the name of a nominee of DTC. Beneficial interests in any of the Notes will be shown on, and transfers will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC and its direct and indirect participants and any such interest may not be exchanged for certificated securities, except in limited circumstances. 
 Trustee The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. under the 2019 Indenture relating to the Notes. 

</EX-4.29>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211subsidiarieslist.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of B. Riley Financial, Inc. December 31, 2022 

Jurisdiction of Organization Subsidiary Incorporation 272 Advisors LLC (90 Ownership) Delaware ABJ5, LLC Delaware ANNETNAUS (ASSIGNMENT FOR THE BENEFIT OF CREDITORS), LLC California Asset & Financial Planning, LTD. New York Atlantic Coast Recycling of Ocean County, LLC Delaware Atlantic Coast Recycling, LLC Delaware B. Riley Acquisition Corp. I Delaware B. Riley Acquisition Corp. II Delaware B. Riley Acquisition Corp. III Delaware B. Riley Acquisition Corp. IV Delaware B. Riley Acquisition Corp. V Delaware B. Riley Acquisition Sponsor Co., I, LLC Delaware B. Riley Acquisition Sponsor Co., II, LLC Delaware B. Riley Acquisition Sponsor Co., III, LLC Delaware B. Riley Acquisition Sponsor Co., IV, LLC Delaware B. Riley Acquisition Sponsor Co., V, LLC Delaware B. Riley Advisory & Valuation Services, LLC (dba B. Riley Advisory Services) (85.86 Ownership) California B. Riley Advisory Holdings, LLC Delaware B. Riley Advisory Services de Mexico, S de RL Mexico City B. Riley Advisory US, Inc. Delaware B. Riley Asset Management, LLC (90 Ownership) Delaware B. Riley Brand Managment, LLC Delaware B. Riley Capital Management, LLC New York B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC Delaware B. Riley Corporate Services, Inc. Delaware B. Riley Debt Trading, Inc. Delaware B. Riley Environmental Holdings, LLC Delaware B. Riley Environmental MIP, LLC Delaware B. Riley Farber Advisory, Inc. Ontario, Canada B. Riley Farber, Inc. Ontario, Canada B. Riley Financial, Inc. Delaware B. Riley Government Services, LLC Delaware B. Riley Innovation Management, LLC Delaware B. Riley Innovation X Capital Management, LLC Delaware B. Riley International, LLC Delaware B. Riley Operations Management Services, LLC Delaware B. Riley Principal 150 Sponsor Co., LLC Delaware B. Riley Principal 175 Merger Corp. Delaware 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of B. Riley Financial, Inc. December 31, 2022 

B. Riley Principal 175 Sponsor Co., LLC Delaware B. Riley Principal 200 Merger Corp. Delaware B. Riley Principal 200 Sponsor Co., LLC Delaware B. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corp. Delaware B. Riley Principal 250 Sponsor Co., LLC Delaware B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC Delaware B. Riley Principal Capital, LLC Delaware B. Riley Principal Investments RE, LLC Delaware B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC Delaware B. Riley Principal Sponsor Co. II, LLC Delaware B. Riley Principal Sponsor Co. III, LLC Delaware B. Riley Principal Sponsor Co., LLC Delaware B. Riley Private Shares Management 2022-1, LLC Delaware B. Riley Real Estate Ventures Holdings LLC Delaware B. Riley Real Estate, LLC Delaware B. Riley Receivables II, LLC Delaware B. Riley Receivables, LLC Delaware B. Riley Retail Advisors, Inc. California B. Riley Retail Canada, ULC British Columbia B. Riley Retail Int'l., Inc California B. Riley Retail RE Holdings LLC Delaware B. Riley Retail Solutions WF, LLC California B. Riley Retail Solutions, LLC California B. Riley Retail, Inc. California B. Riley Securities Holdings, LLC Delaware B. Riley Securities, Inc. Delaware B. Riley Venture Capital, LLC Delaware B. Riley Wealth Advisors, Inc. Washington B. Riley Wealth Insurance, Inc. Washington B. Riley Wealth Management Holdings, Inc. Delaware B. Riley Wealth Management, Inc. Tennessee B. Riley Wealth Private Shares, LLC Delaware B. Riley Wealth Sub-Advisers, LLC Delaware B. Riley Wealth Tax Services, Inc. Delaware Benchmark Landscaping, LLC Delaware BR Advisory & Investments, LLC Delaware BR Armstrong, LLC Delaware BR Brand Holdings, LLC (80 Ownership) New York BR Events, LLC California BR Financial Holdings, LLC Delaware BR Great Northern Mall, LLC Delaware BR HYATTSVILLE, LLC Delaware 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of B. Riley Financial, Inc. December 31, 2022 

BRAM SPV 1, LLC Delaware BRC Emerging Managers GP, LLC Delaware BRC Partners Management GP, LLC Delaware BRF Finance Co., LLC Delaware BRF Investments, LLC Delaware BR-NRG, LLC Delaware BRPI Acquisition Co LLC Delaware BRPI Executive Consulting, LLC Delaware BRPI FL ES Holdings LLC Delaware BRVC bolttech II, LLC Delaware BRVC bolttech, LLC Delaware BRVC Callisto, LLC Delaware BRVC Continuous Composites, LLC Delaware BRVC GrubMarket, LLC Delaware BRVC KITCHEN UNITED, LLC Delaware BRVC Promenade Group, LLC Delaware BRVC Pura, LLC Delaware BRVC SparkCognition, LLC Delaware BRVC Swiftly, LLC Delaware BRVC Uniphore LLC Delaware BRVC Urgent.ly, LLC Delaware BRVC Urgently II, LLC Delaware Bullseye Business Solutions Holdings, Inc. Michigan Bullseye Business Solutions ULC British Columbia Bullseye Telecom of Virginia, LLC Virginia Bullseye Telecom, Inc. Michigan Classmates Media Corporation Delaware CrosIT Solutions Ltd. Israel CSEIV (Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors), LLC California Fandor ABC, LLC California FBR Capital Markets PT, Inc Virginia Fiduciary Financial Services of the Southwest Texas FieldX (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC California Firebrandlive (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC California GA Asset Advisors, Ltd. England & Wales GA Australia II Pty Ltd Victoria GA Australia Pty Ltd Victoria GA Europe Cooperatief U.A. Netherlands GA Europe GmbH Germany GACP Finance Co., LLC Delaware GACP I, L.P. Delaware GACP II, L.P. Delaware 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of B. Riley Financial, Inc. December 31, 2022 

GAEBB Group B.V. Netherlands GC Capital Corp. Delaware GD ABC, LLC California GlassRatner Advisory & Capital Group, LLC (dba B. Riley Advisory Services) Delaware GlassRatner Brokerage Services, Inc. Georgia GlassRatner International, Inc. Delaware Great American Capital Partners, LLC Delaware Great American Global Partners, LLC (50 Ownership) California Great American Group Intellectual Property Advisors, LLC (dba B. Riley Advisory Services) California Great American Group Machinery & Equipment, LLC (dba B. Riley Advisory Services) California HRLY Brand Management, LLC (42.91 Ownership) Delaware IEG of OC (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC California Impact Acquistion, LLC Delaware Impact Telecom, LLC Nevada ISEEU (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC California Juno Internet Services, Inc. Delaware Juno Online Services, Inc. Delaware Justice Brand Management, LLC (40.85 Ownership) Delaware Lingo Communications of Kentucky, LLC Michigan Lingo Management, LLC (80 Ownership) Delaware Lingo Telecom of the West, LLC Delaware Lingo Telecom of Virginia, LLC Virginia Lingo Telecom, LLC Texas magicJack Holdings Corporation Delaware magicJack L.P. Delaware magicJack SMB, Inc. (dba MAGICJACK FOR BUSINESS) Florida magicJack VocalTec Ltd. Israel magicJack VoIP Services, LLC Delaware Marconi Wireless Holdings, LLC Delaware MCI (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC California MLV & Co. LLC Delaware NAM SPECIAL SITUATIONS MANAGEMENT, LLC Delaware National Securities Corporation Washington NetZero Modecom, Inc. Delaware NetZero Wireless, Inc. Delaware NetZero, Inc. Delaware NHC Holdings, LLC Delaware Passu (Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors), LLC California Powermat Partners LLC Delaware Powermat Partners Management Associates LLC Delaware 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of B. Riley Financial, Inc. December 31, 2022 

Prime Capital Services, Inc. (dissolving) New York PTMILG (Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors), LLC California ReVal Group, LLC Delaware Ridgemont Outfitters (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC California Soundcast (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC California STCO (ASSIGNMENT FOR THE BENEFIT OF CREDITORS), LLC California Tdsoft Ltd. Israel Tempo Telecom, LLC Georgia Thirty Two Degrees (assignment for the benefit of creditors), LLC California TIGER US HOLDINGS INC. Delaware TreePeach Management, LLC Delaware TSIF Management Associates, LLC Delaware UGC Operations ABC, LLC California United Advisor Services, LLC New Jersey United Advisors, LLC New Jersey United Advisors, LLC (DE) Delaware United Online Advertising Network, Inc. Delaware United Online Software Development (India) Republic of India United Online Web Services, Inc. Delaware United Online, Inc. Delaware Vancouver Telephone Company Limited British Columbia WINSLOW FIDUCIARY SERVICES LLC Massachusetts WINSLOW FINANCIAL, INC. Massachusetts WINSLOW WEALTH MANAGEMENT LLC Massachusetts WINSLOW, EVANS & CROCKER INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. Massachusetts Winslow, Evans & Crocker, Inc. Massachusetts Workshop Cafe ABC, LLC California Wunderlich Capital Management, LLC Tennessee YMax Communications Corp. Delaware YMax Communications Corp. of Virginia Virginia YMax Corporation Delaware 
 
 B. Riley Financial, Inc. owns less than 100 of these subsidiaries. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-consent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of B. Riley Financial, Inc. on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-203534, 333-221715 and 333-252513) and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-202876, 333-218457, 333-226589 and 333-234453) of our report dated March 15, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of B. Riley Financial, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three years the years ended December 31, 2022 and our report dated March 15, 2023 with respect to our audit of internal control over financial reporting of B. Riley Financial, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, which reports are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of B. Riley Financial, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting expressed an adverse opinion because of the existence of material weaknesses. 
 
 Our report also includes an explanatory paragraph regarding the restatement of the previously issued consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 to correct misstatements. 
 
 s Marcum LLP 
 
 Marcum LLP 
 Melville, NY 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 rily-20221231xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bryant R. Riley, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 s BRYANT R. RILEY Bryant R. Riley Co-Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 rily-20221231xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Thomas J. Kelleher, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 s THOMAS J. KELLEHER Thomas J. Kelleher Co-Chief Executive Officer (Director) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 7
 rily-20221231xexx313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Phillip J. Ahn, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of B. Riley Financial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 s PHILLIP J. AHN Phillip J. Ahn Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 rily-20221231xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of B. Riley Financial, Inc. (the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Bryant R. Riley, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s BRYANT R. RILEY Bryant R. Riley Co-Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board March 15, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 rily-20221231xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of B. Riley Financial, Inc. (the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas J. Kelleher, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company 
 s THOMAS J. KELLEHER Thomas J. Kelleher Co-Chief Executive Officer Director March 15, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 10
 rily-20221231xexx323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of B. Riley Financial, Inc. (the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Phillip J. Ahn, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s PHILLIP J. AHN Phillip J. Ahn Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer March 15, 2023 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 rily-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 rily-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 rily-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 rily-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 rily-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

