<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1813603_0001829126-23-001689.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3048333</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>163434</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>609357</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>848687</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>619623</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>734863</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-001689.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224172049
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-001689
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hestia Insight Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001813603
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				850994055
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56249
		FILM NUMBER:		23668727

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 S. 4TH STREET SUITE 500
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		929-329-4756

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 S. 4TH STREET SUITE 500
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-001689.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 hestiainsight_10k.htm
 10-K

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to _________. 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

Issuer s
telephone number: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

As
of November 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed fiscal year, the market value of our common
stock held by non-affiliates was . 

As
of February 15, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: 

HESTIA
INSIGHT INC. 

FORM 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 4 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 13 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 13 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 13 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosure 
 
 13 

PART
 II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 14 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 
 15 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 15 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 21 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements 
 
 21 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 21 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 21 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 
 23 

PART
 III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 24 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits 
 
 30 

Signatures 
 
 31 

i 

PART
I 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

CERTAIN
STATEMENTS IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT MAY CONSTITUTE FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS . WHEN THE WORDS BELIEVES , ANTICIPATES ,
 INTENDS , EXPECTS , PLANS , SEEKS , PROJECTS , ESTIMATES 
AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS ARE USED, THEY IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE BASED ON MANAGEMENT S
CURRENT BELIEFS AND ASSUMPTIONS AND INFORMATION CURRENTLY AVAILABLE TO MANAGEMENT AND INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES
AND OTHER FACTORS WHICH MAY CAUSE THE ACTUAL RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY
FUTURE RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. INFORMATION CONCERNING FACTORS
THAT COULD CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS CAN BE FOUND IN OUR PERIODIC REPORTS FILED
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. WE UNDERTAKE NO OBLIGATION TO PUBLICLY RELEASE REVISIONS TO THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
TO REFLECT FUTURE EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES OR REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED EVENTS. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, references to we , us , our , Company , Hestia Insight ,
or HSTA mean Hestia Insight Inc. and its subsidiaries, and references to fiscal mean the Company s
fiscal year ended November 30. References to the parent company mean Hestia Insight Inc. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, in this report, the terms Hestia Insight , Company , HSTA , we ,
or our refers to Hestia Insight Inc., a Nevada corporation. The Company s principal office is located at 400 S. 4th
Street Suite 500, Las Vegas, NV 89101. The Company s telephone number is (702) 793-4028. The Company reports its operations using
a fiscal year ending November 30, and the operations reported on this Form 10-K are presented on a consolidated basis. 

The
Company files Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, registration statements and other
items with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the language this fiscal
year or current fiscal year refers to the 12-month period ended November 30, 2022. 

In
addition, the public may read and copy any materials the Company s files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room
at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference
Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an internet site www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information
statements regarding issuers, like the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. 

Overview 

Hestia
Insight Inc. Hestia , Hestia Insight , or the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada
on November 19, 2003, under the name Luxshmi Investments, Inc. Luxshmi Investments ), until the Company changed its name
to Hestia Insight Inc. on March 27, 2019. On March 12, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation
authorizing 300,000,000 shares of capital stock, comprised of 290,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common
Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.00001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). On March 27,
2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation (i) effecting a name change from Luxshmi Investments,
Inc. to Hestia Insight Inc., and (ii) effecting a 50-to-1 reverse stock split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of
common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split did not impact the Company s authorized shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock, or its par value. On May 16, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Hestia Investments
Inc., a Wyoming corporation Hestia Investments ), to exchange, on a 1-for-1 basis, 27,614,200 shares of the Company s
Common Stock in exchange for 27,614,200 shares of Hestia Investments which were owned by 100 of the then-shareholders of Hestia Investments
(the Share Exchange Transaction ). As a result of the Share Exchange Transaction, Hestia Investments became a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company. 

The
Company is focused primarily on the healthcare and biotech sectors through the Company s two wholly owned operating subsidiaries,
Hestia Investments Inc. Hestia Investments ), and HSTA HEALTH INC., d/b/a Hestia Vending Hestia Vending ).
Hestia Investments provides strategic consulting, medical supply sales and marketing support, management, and capital markets advisory
services for select micro, small and medium sized companies within the healthcare and biotech sectors. Hestia Vending operates within
the healthy food, beverage and wellness products industry and the smart vending machine industry. The Company is positioned to make strategic
acquisitions of emerging growth companies with unique sciences and technologies. The Company intends to pursue the acquisition and development
of healthcare related technologies in the healthcare and biotech sectors through acquisition, licensing, or joint ventures. The Company
will also consider a third avenue of investing in certain technologies. The Company entered the healthcare sector to explore emerging
healthcare technologies, especially growth companies that own and develop unique sciences and technologies. 

1 

Our
Markets and Services 

The
Company s wholly owned operating subsidiary, Hestia Vending, operates within the healthy food, beverage and wellness products industry
and the smart vending machine industry. On July 11, 2022, Hestia Vending entered into a Vending Purchase Agreement with HealthyYOU Vending
LLC HealthyYou pursuant to which the Company purchased from HealthyYou ten (10) fully-automated vending machines and
related equipment (the Vending Machines for an aggregate purchase price of 98,745.00, in connection with the Company s
vending pilot program. The technologically advanced, unattended Vending Machines dispense healthy food and wellness products to paying
customers at the point of sale, accepting cash, coin, credit or debit cards, and payments by smartphones, watches and other devices.
The Company s goal is to create a technology-driven health and wellness vending business division through its purchase and operation
of the Vending Machines. In addition, on September 24, 2022, Hestia Vending entered into a strategic partnership with ChargerGoGo, Inc. ChargerGoGo ), a Las Vegas-based company which operates one of the largest portable phone charging networks in the US.
Hestia Vending plans to introduce ChargerGoGo smart phone charging station and power bank kiosks in densely populated locations and venues
for smart phone charging convenience. ChargerGoGo smart phone charging station and power banks allow users to obtain a portable battery
from any ChargerGoGo kiosk, charge their smart phones, and avoid missing an important event or meeting. ChargerGoGo portable batteries
are then returned by users to any nearby ChargerGoGo kiosk. 

The
Company is positioned to make strategic acquisitions of and enter joint ventures with emerging growth companies with unique sciences
and technologies. The Company also provides sales and marketing guidance and services and capital markets advisory services to its clients. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
seek to develop new business through relationships driven by our senior management, which have extensive contacts throughout the healthcare
system. Our senior management is seeking opportunities for joint ventures, strategic relationships and acquisitions in the healthcare
and biotech sectors. 

Business
Model 

The
Company intends to pursue the acquisition and development of healthcare related technologies in the healthcare and biotech sectors through
acquisition, licensing or joint ventures. We will also consider a third avenue of investing in certain technologies. The Company entered
the healthcare sector to explore emerging healthcare technologies, especially growth companies that own and develop unique sciences and
technologies. 

Competitive
Advantages 

The
Company focuses on small and micro-cap companies in the healthcare and biotech sectors with limited access to growth capital. We provide
specialized consulting services to assist companies with their operations in the public markets. Our management team is experienced in
risk management and exit planning. The Company s competitive advantages include a global business network of healthcare, investment
and financial professionals who are integrated into the technology licensing and commercialization departments of universities and institutions.
Through our offered services and access to investment, we intend to accelerate the development and commercialization of the healthcare
businesses that we engage with. 

Strategic
Relationships 

Noether
Sciences and Technologies, Inc. On November 18, 2020, the Company entered into a non-binding Supplemental Agreement of Memorandum
of Understanding (the Noether MOU with Noether Science and Technologies, Inc. NSAT pursuant to which the
parties will seek to enter into a definitive agreement to (i) establish an exclusive partnership that will focus on research and treatment
of neurological and psychiatric disorders, (ii) commercialize existing NSAT technologies for the healthcare market, (iii) provide the
Company with an exclusive license to use and develop the existing and ready to use depression and anxiety therapy protocols in the United
States, and (iv) establish a neurotherapy center in the metropolitan New York City area and another 3-4 clinics in other strategic areas
yet to be determined. 

Immudyne
Nutritional. On June 21, 2020, the Company entered into a sales agency agreement with Immudyne Nutritional LLC Immudyne ),
pursuant to which the Company acts as sales agent for certain of Immudyne s medical products. Immudyne is located in Jacksonville,
Florida. 

We
are in negotiation in our areas of focus with respect to potential acquisitions and strategic partnerships. There is no guarantee that
we will be able to successfully sign a definitive agreement, close or implement such business arrangement. 

Intellectual
Property 

The
Company owns no patents. We have not applied for or received patent protection in the US or any other country, and, as a result, there
is a distinct risk that we will not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights in these countries. We own and control
a variety of trade secrets, confidential information, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights that, in the aggregate, are
of material importance to our business. We consider our trademarks, service marks, and other intellectual property to be proprietary,
and rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret, non-disclosure, and contractual safeguards to protect our intellectual
property rights. 

2 

Competition 

In
our current consulting business, we compete with a number of advisory firms offering similar service including consulting and strategy
firms; market research, data, benchmarking, and forecasting providers; technology vendors and services firms; health care information
technology firms; technology advisory firms; outsourcing firms; and specialized providers of advisory services. Other organizations,
such as state and national trade associations, group purchasing organizations, non-profit think-tanks, and database companies, also may
offer research, consulting, tools, and advisory services to health care organizations. 

We
believe that the principal competitive factors in our market include quality and timeliness of our services, strength and depth of relationships
with our clients, ability to meet the changing needs of current and prospective clients, measurable returns on customer investment, and
service and affordability. 

As
our business develops and we expand through joint ventures, acquisitions and strategic partnerships in the U.S., we will have competition
with other direct service providers, emerging technologies and medical communication platforms. The Company will seek to maintain a competitive
advantage through intellectual property, superior quality management and cutting-edge technology. 

Government
Regulation 

The
health care industry in the U.S. is highly regulated and subject to changing political, legislative, regulatory, and other influences.
Further, the healthcare industry is currently undergoing rapid change. We are uncertain how, when or in what context these new changes
will be adopted or implemented. These new regulations could create unexpected liabilities for us, could cause us or our members to incur
additional costs and could restrict our or our clients operations. Many of the laws are complex and their application to us, our
clients, or the specific services and relationships we have are not always clear. Our failure to anticipate accurately the application
of these laws and regulations, or our other failure to comply, could create liability for us, result in adverse publicity, and otherwise
negatively affect our business. 

Employees 

The
Company has three employees. We otherwise rely on the services of independent contractors. 

Our
Offices 

Our
principal executive office is located at 400 S. 4th Street, Suite 500, Las Vegas, NV 89101. 

Our
Website 

www.HestiaInsight.com 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we are subject to ordinary routine litigation incidental to our normal business operations. We are not currently a party
to, and our property is not subject to, any material legal proceedings. 

Reports
to Security Holders 

We
intend to furnish our shareholders annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting
firm and to make available quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first three quarters of each year.
We file Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the SEC in order to meet our
timely and continuous disclosure requirements. We may also file additional documents with the SEC if they become necessary in the course
of our company s operations. 

The
public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington,
D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The
SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that
file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. 

3 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the following material risk factors as well as all other information set forth or referred to in this report
before purchasing shares of our common stock. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. The Company believes all
material risk factors have been presented below. If any of the following events or outcomes actually occurs, our business operating results
and financial condition would likely suffer. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or
part of the money you paid to purchase our common stock. 

General
Operating and Business Risks 

Our
limited operating history makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates
of our future performance . 

We
have a limited operating history and limited revenue. As a consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results
based upon our historical data. Reliance on the historical results may not be representative of the results we will achieve, particularly
in our combined form. Because of the uncertainties related to our lack of historical operations, we may be hindered in our ability to
anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in revenues or expenses. If we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable
historical data, we could be less profitable or incur losses, which may result in a decline in our stock price. 

We
must effectively manage the growth of our operations, or our company will suffer. 

To
manage our growth, we believe we must continue to implement and improve our services. We may not have adequately evaluated the costs
and risks associated with our planned expansion, and our systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support our operations.
In addition, our management may not be able to achieve the rapid execution necessary to successfully offer our products and services
and implement our business plan on a profitable basis. The success of our future operating activities will also depend upon our ability
to expand our support system to meet the demands of our growing business. Any failure by our management to effectively anticipate, implement,
and manage changes required to sustain our growth would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

Our
business requires substantial capital, and if we are unable to maintain adequate financing sources our profitability and financial condition
will suffer and jeopardize our ability to continue operations. 

In
connection with the strategic development portion of our business, we will need significant capital in order to implement acquisitions
of businesses or technologies. In addition, we will need a significant amount of capital in order to fully implement our advisory business
in order to fully grow our technology base and employee base. If we are unable to maintain adequate financing or other sources of capital
are not available, we could be forced to suspend, curtail or reduce our operations, which could harm our revenues, profitability, financial
condition and business prospects. 

Our
revenue and results of operations may suffer if we are unable to attract new clients, continue to engage existing client, or sell additional
products and services. 

We
presently derive our revenue from annual consulting fees from our related party clients. Our growth therefore depends on our ability
to attract new clients, maintain existing clients and sell additional products and services to existing clients. This depends on our
ability to understand and anticipate market and pricing trends and our clients needs and our ability to deliver consistent, reliable,
high-quality services. If we fail to engage new clients, continue to re-engage with our existing clients or to cross-sell additional
services our results could be materially and adversely affect our operating results. 

If
we are unable to maintain our reputation and expand our name recognition, we may have difficulty attracting new business and retaining
current members. 

Our
professional reputation is an important factor in attracting and retaining our members and in building relationships with the progressive
health care organizations that supply many of the best practices we feature in our research. We believe that establishing and maintaining
a good reputation and name recognition are critical for attracting and retaining members. Promotion and enhancement of our reputation
will depend largely on our success in continuing to provide effective solutions. Our brand name and reputation will suffer, and our ability
to attract new members or retain existing members could be adversely affected, if members do not perceive our solutions to be effective
or of high quality or if there are inaccuracies or defects in our solutions. 

4 

If
we are not able to offer new and valuable products and services, our business may suffer. 

Our
success depends on our ability to identify and develop new products and services that serve specific constituencies, to anticipate changing
market trends, and to adapt our research and analysis to meet the changing needs of our clients. We may not be able to provide helpful
and timely research and analysis of developments and trends in a manner that meets market needs. Any such failure could cause some of
our existing products and services to become obsolete. This environment of rapid and continuous change presents significant challenges
to our ability to provide our clients with timely consulting and management services for issues and topics of importance. As a result,
we must continue to invest resources in development of new services in order to enhance our existing products and services and introduce
new high-quality products and services that will appeal to members and potential members. If we are not able to offer new and valuable
products and services, our business may suffer. 

We
may experience significant delays in generating, or an inability to generate, revenue if potential clients take a long time to evaluate
our products and services. 

Our
sales strategy is to market our products and services directly to health care organizations. If we are unable to sell additional products
and services to our existing clients or engage new clients, our ability to increase our revenue could be materially adversely affected.
Generally speaking, the sales cycle is extensive for our clients. We do not control many of the factors that will influence the decisions
of these organizations regarding the purchase of our products and services. The evaluation process sometimes can be lengthy and involve
significant technical evaluation and commitment of personnel by these organizations. The use of our products and services also may be
delayed due to reluctance to change or modify existing procedures. 

Potential
liability claims may adversely affect our business. 

Our
services, which may include recommendations and advice to organizations regarding complex business and operational processes, regulatory
and compliance issues, and labor practices, may give rise to liability claims by our clients or by third parties who bring claims against
our clients. Healthcare organizations often are the subject of regulatory scrutiny and litigation, and we also may become the subject
of such litigation based on our advice and services. Any such litigation, whether or not resulting in a judgment against us, may adversely
affect our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may not have
adequate insurance coverage for claims against us. 

In
accordance with our strategic development policy, we may invest in companies for strategic reasons and may not realize a return on our
investments. 

From
time to time, we may make investments in companies. These investments may be for strategic objectives to support our key business initiatives
but may also be stand-alone investments or acquisitions. Such investments or acquisitions could include equity or debt instruments in
private companies, many of which may not be marketable at the time of our initial investment. These companies may range from early-stage
companies that are often still defining their strategic direction to more mature companies with established revenue streams and business
models. The success of these companies may depend on product development, market acceptance, operational efficiency, and other key business
factors. The companies in which we invest may fail because they may not be able to secure additional funding, obtain favorable investment
terms for future financings, or take advantage of liquidity events such as public offerings, mergers, and private sales. If any of these
private companies fails, we could lose all or part of our investment in that company. If we determine that impairment indicators exist
and that there are other-than-temporary declines in the fair value of the investments, we may be required to write down the investments
to their fair value and recognize the related write-down as an investment loss. 

We
face intense competition which could cause us to lose market share. 

In
the healthcare markets in the United States, we will compete with large healthcare providers who have more significant financial resources,
established market positions, long-standing relationships, and who have more significant name recognition, technical, marketing, sales,
distribution, financial and other resources than we do. The resources available to our competitors to develop new services and products
and introduce them into the marketplace exceed the resources currently available to us. This intense competitive environment may require
us to make changes in our services, products, pricing, licensing, services, distribution, or marketing to develop a market position. 

5 

The
Company is an Emerging Growth Company 

HSTA
is an emerging growth company. Investing in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. 

We were recently formed,
 have no operating history and may not be able to operate our business successfully or generate sufficient cash flow to make or sustain
 distributions to our shareholders. 

We are dependent on our
 key personnel for our success. The departure of any of our executive officers or key personnel could have a material adverse effect
 on our business. 

Our growth depends on external
 sources of capital, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. 

Our
status as an emerging growth company may result in reduced disclosure obligations. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, which we refer to as the JOBS
Act, and we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting and financial disclosure requirements
that are applicable to other public companies, that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, (1) not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ),
(2) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and (3) exemptions
from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. We intend to take advantage of these exemptions. Because of the reduced disclosure, investors may find
investing in our common shares less attractive as a result, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for complying with new or revised accounting standards. As
a result, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply
to private companies. We elected to opt out of such extended transition period and acknowledge such election is irrevocable pursuant
to Section 107 of the JOBS Act. 

We
could remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (1) the last day of the first fiscal year in which
our annual gross revenues exceed 1 billion, (2) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12
months, or (3) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. 

Contingent
or unknown liabilities could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

We
may in the future acquire assets, subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown
liabilities. As a result, if a claim were asserted against us based on ownership of any of these assets, we may have to pay substantial
amounts to defend or settle the claim. If the magnitude of such unknown liabilities is high, individually or in the aggregate, our business,
financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

Expenses
required to operate as a public company will reduce funds available to develop our business and could negatively affect our stock price
and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Operating
as a public company is more expensive than operating as a private company, including additional funds required to obtain outside assistance
from legal, accounting, investor relations, or other professionals that could be more costly than planned. We may also be required to
hire additional staff and outside professionals to comply with additional SEC reporting requirements. We anticipate that these costs
will be approximately 100,000 annually. Our failure to comply with reporting requirements and other provisions of securities laws could
negatively affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition 

6 

Our
growth depends on external sources of capital, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. In addition, investors, banks
and other financial institutions may be reluctant to enter into any lending or financial transactions with us. If any of the sources
of funding is unavailable to us, our growth may be limited, and our operating profit may be impaired. 

We
may not be in a position to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities for growth if we are unable, due to global or regional
economic uncertainty, changes in the state or federal regulatory environment relating to the sustainable agriculture industry, our own
operating or financial performance or otherwise, to access capital markets on a timely basis and on favorable terms or at all. Because
we intend to grow our business, this limitation may require us to raise additional equity or incur debt at a time when it may be disadvantageous
to do so. 

Our
access to capital will depend upon a number of factors over which we have little or no control, including general market conditions and
the market s perception of our current and potential future earnings. If general economic instability or downturn leads to an inability
to obtain capital to finance, the operation could be negatively impacted. In addition, investors, banks and other financial institutions
may be reluctant to enter into financing transactions with us. If this source of funding is unavailable to us, our growth may be limited. 

Our
ability to raise funding is subject to all of the above factors and will also be affected by our future financial position, results of
operations and cash flows. All of these events would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and
results of operations. 

Any
future indebtedness reduces cash available for distribution and may expose us to the risk of default under debt obligations that we may
incur in the future. 

Payments
of principal and interest on borrowings that we may incur in the future may leave us with insufficient cash resources to operate the
business. Our level of debt and the limitations imposed on us by debt agreements could have significant material and adverse consequences,
including the following: 

our cash flow may be insufficient
 to meet our required principal and interest payments; 

we may be unable to borrow
 additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, or at all; 

we may be unable to refinance
 our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness; 

to the extent we borrow
 debt that bears interest at variable rates, increases in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense; 

we may default on our obligations
 or violate restrictive covenants, in which case the lenders may accelerate these debt obligations; and 

our default under any loan
 with cross default provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness. 

If
any one of these events were to occur, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and our ability to make distributions
to our shareholders could be materially and adversely affected. 

While
we ceased our business practice of taking and holding investment securities as compensation for consulting services, we must continue
to not do such in order to avoid potentially being deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Companies
that have more than 100 U.S. stockholders or are publicly traded in the U.S. or are, or hold themselves out as being, engaged primarily
in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities are subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
Unless a substantial part of our assets consists of, and a substantial part of our income is derived from, interests in majority-owned
subsidiaries and companies that we primarily control, whether by contract or otherwise, we may be required to register and become subject
to regulation under the Investment Company Act. Because Investment Company Act regulation is, for the most part, inconsistent with our
strategy of actively consulting healthcare companies, a requirement to operate our business as a registered investment company would
restrict our operations and require additional resources for compliance. If we are deemed to be, and are required to register as, an
investment company, we will be forced to comply with substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act, including: 

limitations on our ability
 to borrow; 

limitations on our capital
 structure; 

restrictions on acquisitions
 of interests in associated companies; 

prohibitions on transactions
 with our affiliates; 

7 

restrictions on specific
 investments; and 

compliance with reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations. 

We
are dependent on our key personnel for our success. 

We
will depend upon the efforts, experience, diligence, skill and network of business contacts of our senior management team; therefore,
our success will depend on their continued service. The departure of any of our executive officers or key personnel could have a material
adverse effect on our business. If any of our key personnel were to cease their employment, our operating results could suffer. Further,
we do not intend to maintain key person life insurance that would provide us with proceeds in the event of death or disability of any
of our key personnel. 

We
believe our future success depends upon our senior management team s ability to hire and retain highly skilled managerial, operational
and marketing personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting
and retaining such skilled personnel. If we lose or are unable to obtain the services of key personnel, our ability to implement our
investment strategies could be delayed or hindered, and the value of your investment may decline. 

Furthermore,
we may retain independent contractors to provide various services for us, including administrative services, transfer agent services
and professional services. Such contractors have no fiduciary duty to us and may not perform as expected or desired. 

Our
senior management team will manage our business portfolio subject to broad investment or management guidelines and generally may not
seek board approval for each investment or management decision. 

We
will rely on the senior management team s ability to execute the business plan, subject to the oversight and approval of our board
of directors. Our senior management team has limited experience. Accordingly, you should not purchase Common Stock of the Company unless
you are willing to entrust all aspects of our day-to-day management to our senior management team. 

Our
board of directors may change our investment or operation objectives and strategies without shareholders consent. 

Our
board of directors determines our major policies, including decisions regarding financing, growth, debt capitalization, distributions
and other material events. Our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the shareholders. Under
our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, our directors generally have a right to vote only on the following matters: 

the election or removal
 of director; 

the amendment of our charter,
 except that our board of directors may amend our charter without shareholders approval to: 

change our name; 

change the name or other
 designation or the par value of the Common Stock; 

increase or decrease the
 aggregate number of shares of our Common Stock that we have the authority to issue; 

effect certain reverse
 Common Stock splits; 

our liquidation and dissolution;
 and 

our being a party to a
 merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets or statutory merger or acquisition. 

All
other matters are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. 

8 

The
fact that we have generated operating losses in the past raises doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company may generate operating losses before realizing sufficient consulting or other revenue. We may have to cover any shortfall in
operating capital from sales of equity and debt securities, but there can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to do so.
The unpredictable economy in the United States and the volatile public or private equity markets may make it more difficult for us to
raise capital as and when we need it, and it is difficult for us to assess the impact this might have on our operations or liquidity.
If we cannot raise the funds that we require to continue our business operations, there is a substantial risk that our business will
fail. 

We
may be unable to attract and retain qualified, experienced, highly skilled personnel, which could adversely affect the implementation
of our business plan. 

Our
success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate skilled and qualified personnel. As we become
a more mature company in the future, we may find recruiting and retention efforts more challenging. If we do not succeed in attracting,
hiring and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively. The
loss of any key employee or contractor, including shareholders of our senior management team, and our inability to attract highly skilled
personnel with sufficient experience in our industries could harm our business. 

Our
strategic consulting and capital market advisory services will be affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic 

Many
small and micro enterprises have experienced revenue downturn and difficulties in raising capital during the pandemic. It is unclear
when this will be back to normal. This may keep us from being retained by more clients in the foreseeable future. 

The
current political tension between the United States and China can adversely effect the Company. 

We
have limited operations in China. Unless we further establish a new business model to offset the possible declining market and increased
regulation by the U.S of Chinese companies, we may be not able to generate enough business to meet our positive cash flow in the future. 

Risks
Related to Our Stockholders and Purchasing Shares of Common Stock and our Shares 

Your
percentage of ownership may become diluted if we issue new Common Stock or other securities. 

Our
board of directors is authorized, without your approval, to cause us to issue additional Common Stock to raise capital through the issuance
of Common Stock (including equity or debt securities convertible into Common Stock), and other rights, on terms and for consideration
as our board of directors in its sole discretion may determine. Any such issuance could result in dilution of the equity of our shareholders. 

We
have not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures. 

Federal
legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed
to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response
to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as
the NYSE or The NASDAQ Stock Market, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required
under the rules of national securities exchanges are those that address board of directors independence, audit committee oversight
and the adoption of a Code of Ethics. Our board of directors expects to adopt a Code of Ethics at a future board meeting. The Company
has not adopted exchange-mandated corporate governance measures and, since our securities are not listed on a national securities exchange,
we are not required to do so. It is possible that if we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance measures, stockholders
would benefit from somewhat greater assurances that internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that
policies had been implemented to define responsible conduct. For example, in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees
comprised of at least a majority of independent directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers
and recommendations for director nominees may be made by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being
decided. Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment
decisions. 

9 

We
may be exposed to potential risks relating to our internal control over financial reporting. 

As
directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX 404 ), the SEC has adopted rules requiring public companies
to include a report of management on the Company s internal control over financial reporting in its annual reports. While we expect
to expend significant resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by SOX 404, there is a risk
that we will not comply with all of the requirements imposed thereby. At present, there is no precedent available with which to measure
compliance adequately. In the event we identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting that we cannot remediate in a timely manner, investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements
and our ability to obtain equity or debt financing could suffer. 

We
have a large number of authorized but unissued shares of our common stock. 

We
have a large number of authorized but unissued shares of common stock, which our management may issue without further stockholder approval,
thereby causing dilution of your holdings of our common stock. Our management will continue to have broad discretion to issue shares
of our common stock in a range of transactions, including capital-raising transactions, mergers, acquisitions and other transactions,
without obtaining stockholder approval, unless stockholder approval is required. If our management determines to issue shares of our
common stock from the large pool of authorized but unissued shares for any purpose in the future, your ownership position would be diluted
without your further ability to vote on that transaction. 

Shares
of our common stock may continue to be subject to illiquidity because our shares may continue to be thinly traded and may never become
eligible for trading on a national securities exchange. 

While
we may at some point be able to meet the requirements necessary for our common stock to be listed on a national securities exchange,
we cannot assure you that we will ever achieve a listing of our common stock on a national securities exchange. Our shares will only
be eligible for quotation on the OTC Markets, which is not an exchange. Initial listing on a national securities exchange is subject
to a variety of requirements, including minimum trading price and minimum public float requirements, and could also be
affected by the general scepticism of such markets concerning companies that are the result of mergers with inactive publicly-held companies.
There are also continuing eligibility requirements for companies listed on public trading markets. If we are unable to satisfy the initial
or continuing eligibility requirements of any such market, then our stock may not be listed or could be delisted. This could result in
a lower trading price for our common stock and may limit your ability to sell your shares, any of which could result in you losing some
or all of your investments. 

The
market valuation of our business may fluctuate due to factors beyond our control and the value of your investment may fluctuate correspondingly. 

The
market valuation of emerging growth companies, such as us, frequently fluctuate due to factors unrelated to the past or present operating
performance of such companies. Our market valuation may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, many of which are
beyond our control, including: 

i. 
 changes in securities analysts 
 estimates of our financial performance, although there are currently no analysts covering our stock; 

ii. 
 fluctuations in stock market
 prices and volumes, particularly among securities of emerging growth companies; 

iii. 
 changes in market valuations
 of similar companies; 

iv. 
 announcements by us or
 our competitors of significant contracts, new technologies, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

v. 
 variations in our quarterly
 operating results; 

vi. 
 fluctuations in related
 commodities prices; and 

vii. 
 additions or departures
 of key personnel. 

As
a result, the value of your investment in us may fluctuate. 

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not presently intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Investors
should not look to dividends as a source of income. 

10 

In
the interest of reinvesting initial profits back into our business, we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Consequently, any economic return will initially be derived, if at all, from appreciation in the fair market value of our stock, and
not as a result of dividend payments. 

Risks
Relating to our Securities 

We
may not be able to attract the attention of brokerage firms because we became a public company by means of a reverse acquisition. 

Because
we became public through a reverse acquisition, securities analysts of brokerage firms may not provide coverage of us since
there is little incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock. No assurance can be given that brokerage
firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of the Company in the future. 

Applicable
regulatory requirements, including those contained in and issued under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, may make it difficult for the
Company to retain or attract qualified officers and directors, which could adversely affect the management of its business and its ability
to obtain or retain listing of its common stock. 

The
Company may be unable to attract and retain those qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for
effective management because of the rules and regulations that govern publicly held companies, including, but not limited to, certifications
by principal executive officers. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has resulted in the issuance of a series of related rules and
regulations and the strengthening of existing rules and regulations by the SEC, as well as the adoption of new and more stringent rules
by the stock exchanges. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these changes may deter qualified individuals from accepting
roles as directors and executive officers. 

Further,
some of these changes heighten the requirements for board or committee membership, particularly with respect to an individual s
independence from the corporation and level of experience in finance and accounting matters. The Company may have difficulty attracting
and retaining directors with the requisite qualifications. If the Company is unable to attract and retain qualified officers and directors,
the management of its business and its ability to obtain or retain listing of our shares of common stock on any stock exchange (assuming
the Company elects to seek and are successful in obtaining such listing) could be adversely affected. 

If
the Company fails to maintain an effective system of internal controls, it may not be able to accurately report its financial results
or detect fraud. Consequently, investors could lose confidence in the Company s financial reporting and this may decrease the trading
price of its stock. 

The
Company must maintain effective internal controls to provide reliable financial reports and detect fraud. The Company has been assessing
its internal controls to identify areas that need improvement. It is in the process of implementing changes to internal controls but
has not yet completed implementing these changes. Failure to implement these changes to the Company s internal controls or any
others that it identifies as necessary to maintain an effective system of internal controls could harm its operating results and cause
investors to lose confidence in the Company s reported financial information. Any such loss of confidence would have a negative
effect on the trading price of the Company s stock. 

Voting
power of our shareholders is highly concentrated by insiders. 

Our
officers and directors and affiliates own approximately 68.27 of our outstanding common shares. Such concentrated control of the Company
may adversely affect the value of our common shares. If you acquire our common shares, you may have no effective voice in our management.
Sales by our insiders or affiliates, along with any other market transactions, could affect the value of our common shares. 

Our
articles of incorporation allow for our board to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which
could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our Common Stock. 

Our
Board of Directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors
have the authority to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of our preferred stock terms of which may be determined by the Board without further
stockholder approval. As a result, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant
to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed
to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our
common stock. In addition, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting
power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common
stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. Although we have no present intention to issue any additional shares of preferred
stock or to create any additional series of preferred stock, we may issue such shares in the future. 

11 

You
may experience dilution of your ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional common shares. 

In
the future, we may issue additional authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership
interests of our shareholders. We may also issue additional shares of our securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common
shares, as the case may be, in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of its securities for
capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares may create downward pressure
on the value of our securities. There can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other
convertible securities in the future in conjunction with any capital raising efforts, including at a price (or exercise prices) below
the price at which our shares may be valued or are trading in a public market. 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the
value of our common stock 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment
of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at
such time as the board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because
a return on your investment will only occur if its stock price appreciates. 

Our
stock price and trading volume may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders. 

The
equity trading markets may experience periods of volatility, which could result in highly variable and unpredictable pricing of equity
securities. The market price of our common stock could change in ways that may or may not be related to our business, our industry or
our operating performance and financial condition. In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant
price variations to occur. We have experienced significant volatility in the price of our stock over the past few years. We cannot assure
you that the market price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. In addition, the stock markets
in general can experience considerable price and volume fluctuations. 

We
have not voluntary implemented various corporate governance measures, in the absence of which, shareholders may have more limited protections
against interested director transactions, conflict of interest and similar matters. 

Recent
Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures
designed to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in
response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges,
such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ Stock Market, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required
under the rules of national securities exchanges are those that address board of directors independence, audit committee oversight,
and the adoption of a code of ethics. While we intend to adopt certain corporate governance measures such as a code of ethics and established
an audit committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Compensation Committee of our board of directors, we presently
do not have any independent directors. We intend to expand our board membership in future periods to include independent directors. It
is possible that if we were to have independent directors on our board, stockholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurances that
internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible
conduct. For example, in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent
directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers and recommendations for director nominees
may be made by directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. Prospective investors should bear in mind
our current lack of both corporate governance measures and independent directors in formulating their investment decisions. 

12 

If
a public market for our common stock develops, trading will be limited under the SEC s penny stock regulations, which will adversely
affect the liquidity of our common stock. 

The
trading price of our common stock is less than 5.00 per share and, as a result, our common stock is considered a penny stock, 
and trading in our common stock would be subject to the requirements of Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, broker/dealers
who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special sales practice
requirements. Generally, the broker/dealer must make an individualized written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive
the purchaser s written consent prior to the transaction. 

SEC
regulations also require additional disclosure in connection with any trades involving a penny stock, including the delivery,
prior to any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and its associated risks. These requirements
severely limit the liquidity of securities in the secondary market because few broker or dealers are likely to undertake these compliance
activities. In addition to the applicability of the penny stock rules, other risks associated with trading in penny stocks could also
be price fluctuations and the lack of a liquid market. An active and liquid market in our common stock may never develop due to these
factors. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal offices are located at 400 S. 4th Street Suite 500, Las Vegas, NV 89101, which includes general office space. We pay 259 per
month in rent. Our lease term is on a month-to-month basis. All of our employees, including our specialized technical staff, are currently
working from home or in a virtual environment. The Company always maintains the ability for team members to work virtual and we will
continue to stay virtual. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. The Company had no pending legal proceedings or claims. 

None
of our directors, officers, or affiliates are involved in a proceeding adverse to our business or have a material interest adverse to
our business. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable 

13 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

The
Company s common stock is traded on OTC Markets under the stock symbol HSTA . There has been no active trading and
no high or low bid prices. 

The
table below sets forth the high and low closing prices of the Company s Common Stock during the periods indicated. The quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not reflect actual transactions. 

2022 Price Range 
 2021 Price Range 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 4.00 
 2.14 
 9.00 
 9.00 
 
 Second Quarter 
 3.55 
 2.99 
 9.00 
 5.20 
 
 Third Quarter 
 3.10 
 0.98 
 6.96 
 5.20 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 1.00 
 0.30 
 5.03 
 3.50 

The
closing sales price of the Company s common stock as reported on November 30, 2022, was 0.61 per share. 

Holders
of our Common Stock 

As
of November 30, 2022, there were approximately 43 stockholders of record of our common stock. This number does not include shares held
by brokerage clearing houses, depositories or others in unregistered form. The stock transfer agent for our securities is Signature Stock
Transfer, Inc., 14673 Midway Road, Suite 220, Addison, TX 75001. 

Dividends 

The
Company has never declared or paid any cash or stock dividends on its common stock. The Company currently intends to retain future earnings,
if any, to finance the expansion of its business. As a result, the Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends on our common stock is within the discretion of our board of directors. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company issued 15,000 shares to an unrelated independent contractor valued at 48,750 for services valued at 48,750. 

On
February 15, 2022, pursuant to an offering under Regulation A, the Company issued 8,060 shares to unrelated new shareholders for 26,195
in cash. 

On
January 1, 2022, the Company issued Eugene Cha, Director, a stock option to acquire an aggregate of 60,000 shares of the common stock
of the Company, exercisable for five (5) years at an exercise price of 3.50 per share, subject to vesting. The option vests in
equal amounts over a period of one (1) year at the rate of 15,000 shares per fiscal quarter at the end of such quarter, commencing in
January 2022, and pro-rated for the number of days the optionee serves on the Board during the fiscal quarter. As of November 30, 2022,
Mr. Cha s option to acquire 60,000 shares of the Company s stock was fully vested. For the twelve-month period ending November
30, 2022, no options have been exercised and no expense has been recorded for the Company for the potential exercise of these options
since the exercise price is above the average price of the Company s stock and the total amount of the potential expense is not
material. 

On
July 27, 2022, the Company issued to an advisory board member a stock option to acquire an aggregate of 10,000 shares of the common stock
of the Company, exercisable for five (5) years at an exercise price of 3.00 per share, subject to vesting. The option vests in equal
amounts over a period of one (1) year at the rate of 2,500 shares per fiscal quarter at the end of such quarter, commencing in July 2022,
and pro-rated for the number of days the optionee serves on the advisory board during the fiscal quarter. As of November 30, 2022, the
stock option to acquire 10,000 shares of the Company s stock was partially vested. For the twelve-month period ending November
30, 2022, no options have been exercised and no expense has been recorded for the Company for the potential exercise of these options
since the exercise price is above the average price of the Company s stock and the total amount of the potential expense is not
material. 

The
offers, sales, and issuances of the securities described above were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in
reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 or Regulation D promulgated thereunder as transactions by an issuer not involving
a public offering. The recipients of securities in each of these transactions acquired the securities for investment only and not with
a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof and appropriate legends were affixed to the securities issued in these
transactions. Each of the recipients of securities in these transactions was an accredited or sophisticated person and had adequate access,
through employment, business or other relationships, to information about us. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
Company has not repurchased its securities during the year ended November 30, 2022. 

14 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

See
Part II Item 12 under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters Equity Compensation Plan Information of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for equity compensation plan information. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As
the Company is a Smaller Reporting Company (as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1)), the Company is not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis
set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, references to the Company, us or we refer to Hestia Insight Inc. and its
subsidiaries. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and
the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-K, words such
as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions,
as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs
of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual results could differ materially
from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the risk
factors and business sections in this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

Hestia
Insight Inc. Hestia , Hestia Insight , or the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada
on November 19, 2003, under the name Luxshmi Investments, Inc. Luxshmi Investments ), until the Company changed its name
to Hestia Insight Inc. on March 27, 2019. On March 12, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation
authorizing 300,000,000 shares of capital stock, comprised of 290,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common
Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.00001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). On March 27,
2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation (i) effecting a name change from Luxshmi Investments,
Inc. to Hestia Insight Inc., and (ii) effecting a 50-to-1 reverse stock split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of
common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split did not impact the Company s authorized shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock, or its par value. On May 16, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Hestia Investments
Inc., a Wyoming corporation Hestia Investments ), to exchange, on a 1-for-1 basis, 27,614,200 shares of the Company s
Common Stock in exchange for 27,614,200 shares of Hestia Investments which were owned by 100 of the then-shareholders of Hestia Investments
(the Share Exchange Transaction ). As a result of the Share Exchange Transaction, Hestia Investments became a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company. 

The
Company is focused primarily on the healthcare and biotech sectors through the Company s two wholly owned operating subsidiaries,
Hestia Investments Inc. Hestia Investments ), and HSTA HEALTH INC., d/b/a Hestia Vending Hestia Vending ).
Hestia Investments provides strategic consulting, medical supply sales and marketing support, management, and capital markets advisory
services for select micro, small and medium sized companies within the healthcare and biotech sectors. Hestia Vending operates within
the healthy food, beverage and wellness products industry and the smart vending machine industry. The Company is positioned to make strategic
acquisitions of emerging growth companies with unique sciences and technologies. The Company intends to pursue the acquisition and development
of healthcare related technologies in the healthcare and biotech sectors through acquisition, licensing, or joint ventures. The Company
will also consider a third avenue of investing in certain technologies. The Company entered the healthcare sector to explore emerging
healthcare technologies, especially growth companies that own and develop unique sciences and technologies. 

15 

Our
Markets and Services 

The
Company s wholly owned operating subsidiary, Hestia Vending, operates within the healthy food, beverage and wellness products industry
and the smart vending machine industry. On July 11, 2022, Hestia Vending entered into a Vending Purchase Agreement with HealthyYOU Vending
LLC HealthyYou pursuant to which the Company purchased from HealthyYou ten (10) fully automated vending machines and
related equipment (the Vending Machines for an aggregate purchase price of 98,745.00, in connection with the Company s
vending pilot program. The technologically advanced, unattended Vending Machines dispense healthy food and wellness products to paying
customers at the point of sale, accepting cash, coin, credit or debit cards, and payments by smartphones, watches and other devices.
The Company s goal is to create a technology-driven health and wellness vending business division through its purchase and operation
of the Vending Machines. In addition, on September 24, 2022, Hestia Vending entered into a strategic partnership with ChargerGoGo, Inc. ChargerGoGo ), a Las Vegas-based company which operates one of the largest portable phone charging networks in the US.
Hestia Vending plans to introduce ChargerGoGo smart phone charging station and power bank kiosks in densely populated locations and venues
for smart phone charging convenience. ChargerGoGo smart phone charging station and power banks allow users to obtain a portable battery
from any ChargerGoGo kiosk, charge their smart phones, and avoid missing an important event or meeting. ChargerGoGo portable batteries
are then returned by users to any nearby ChargerGoGo kiosk. 

The
Company is positioned to make strategic acquisitions of and enter joint ventures with emerging growth companies with unique sciences
and technologies. The Company also provides sales and marketing guidance and services and capital markets advisory services to its clients. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
seek to develop new business through relationships driven by our senior management, which have extensive contacts throughout the healthcare
system. Our senior management is seeking opportunities for joint ventures, strategic relationships and acquisitions in the healthcare
and biotech sectors. 

Business
Model 

The
Company intends to pursue the acquisition and development of healthcare related technologies in the healthcare and biotech sectors through
acquisition, licensing or joint ventures. We will also consider a third avenue of investing in certain technologies. The Company entered
the healthcare sector to explore emerging healthcare technologies, especially growth companies that own and develop unique sciences and
technologies. 

Competitive
Advantages 

The
Company focuses on small and micro-cap companies in the healthcare and biotech sectors with limited access to growth capital. We provide
specialized consulting services to assist companies with their operations in the public markets. Our management team is experienced in
risk management and exit planning. The Company s competitive advantages include a global business network of healthcare, investment
and financial professionals who are integrated into the technology licensing and commercialization departments of universities and institutions.
Through our offered services and access to investment, we intend to accelerate the development and commercialization of the healthcare
businesses that we engage with. 

Strategic
Relationships 

Noether
Sciences and Technologies, Inc. On November 18, 2020, the Company entered into a non-binding Supplemental Agreement of Memorandum
of Understanding (the Noether MOU with Noether Science and Technologies, Inc. NSAT pursuant to which the
parties will seek to enter into a definitive agreement to (i) establish an exclusive partnership that will focus on research and treatment
of neurological and psychiatric disorders, (ii) commercialize existing NSAT technologies for the healthcare market, (iii) provide the
Company with an exclusive license to use and develop the existing and ready to use depression and anxiety therapy protocols in the United
States, and (iv) establish a neurotherapy center in the metropolitan New York City area and another 3-4 clinics in other strategic areas
yet to be determined. 

Immudyne
Nutritional. On June 21, 2020, the Company entered into a sales agency agreement with Immudyne Nutritional LLC Immudyne ),
pursuant to which the Company acts as sales agent for certain of Immudyne s medical products. Immudyne is located in Jacksonville,
Florida. 

We
are in negotiation in our areas of focus with respect to potential acquisitions and strategic partnerships. There is no guarantee that
we will be able to successfully sign a definitive agreement, close or implement such business arrangement. 

16 

Going
Concern 

We
have a limited operating history and our continued growth is dependent upon the continuation of providing medical consulting services
to our clients, generating revenue, and obtaining additional financing to fund future obligations, and pay liabilities arising from normal
business operations. We had accumulated deficits of (256,123) at November 30, 2022. The report of our independent registered public
accounting firm on our financial statements for the year ended November 30, 2022, contained an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability
to continue as a going concern based upon cash used in operating activities and the current cash balance cannot be projected to cover
the operating expenses for the next twelve months from the release date of this report. These factors, among others, raised substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There are no assurances we will be successful in our efforts to generate
significant revenues or report profitable operations or to continue as a going concern, in which event investors would lose their entire
investment in our company. The financial statements contained herein do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to carry out our business plan, achieve profitable operations, obtain
additional working capital funds from our significant shareholders, and or through debt and equity financings. However, there can be
no assurance that any additional financings will be available to us on satisfactory terms and conditions, if any. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We continually evaluate our estimates, including those related
to bad debts, recovery of long-lived assets, income taxes and the valuation of equity transactions. 

We
base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Any future changes to these estimates and assumptions could cause a material change to our reported amounts of revenues,
expenses, assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe
the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or products have been sold, the purchase price
is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. 

We
provide medical related consulting services to our clients. We are paid fees for our services by our clients under written consulting
agreements. Each contract calls for a fixed payment in a fixed period of time. We recognize revenue by providing medical related consulting
services under written service contracts with our customers. Revenue related to our service offerings is recognized as the services are
performed and amounts are earned, using the straight-line method over the term of the related services agreement. Prepayments, if any,
received from customers prior to the services being performed are recorded as advance from customers. In these cases, when the services
are performed, the amount recorded as advance from customers is recognized as revenue. 

Income
Taxes 

We
are governed by the income tax laws of the United States. Income taxes are accounted for pursuant to ASC 740 Accounting for Income
Taxes, which is an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected
future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. The charge for taxes is based
on the results for the period as adjusted for items, which are non-assessable or disallowed. It is calculated using tax rates that have
been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. 

Deferred
tax is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the
carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of assessable
tax profit. In principle, deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, and deferred tax assets are
recognized to the extent that it is probably that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences can
be utilized. 

Deferred
tax is calculated using tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled. Deferred
tax is charged or credited in the income statement, except when it is related to items credited or charged directly to equity, in which
case the deferred tax is changed to equity. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they related to income taxes levied by
the same taxation authority and we intend to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. 

17 

Stock-based
Compensation 

Stock
based compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of the Share-Based Payment topic of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718 which requires recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an
award of equity instruments over the period the employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange for the award. The
Accounting Standards Codification also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an
award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. 

Pursuant
to ASC Topic 505-50, for share-based payments to consultants and other third-parties, compensation expense is determined at the measurement
date. The expense is recognized over the period of services or the vesting period, whichever is applicable. Until the measurement
date is reached, the total amount of compensation expense remains uncertain. We record compensation expense based on the fair value of
the award at the reporting date. The awards to consultants and other third-parties are then revalued, or the total compensation is recalculated
based on the then current fair value, at each subsequent reporting date. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-15,
Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This ASU addresses the classification
of certain specific cash flow issues including debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement of certain debt instruments, contingent
consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of certain insurance claims and distributions
received from equity method investees. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the
same period. We are currently evaluating the impact it may have on our consolidated financial statements. 

Other
accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have
a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. We do not discuss recent pronouncements that are not anticipated
to have an impact on or are unrelated to our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Comparison
of Results of Operations for the Year Ended November 30, 2022, and the Year Ended November 30, 2021. 

Revenue 

During
the year ended November 30, 2022, total revenues amounted to 15,000. For the year ended November 30, 2021, revenue was 28,500 which
consisted of 20,000 in consulting revenue and 8,500 in consulting revenue with a related party. The decrease of 13,500 in revenue
was due to a decrease in consulting revenue. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue includes the direct cost of internal labor and related benefits, travel expenses related to consulting services, direct subcontractor
costs, other related direct consulting costs. 

For
the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, the cost of revenue were 0 and 1,478, respectively, representing a decrease of 1,478.
The decrease of cost of revenue was mainly driven by a decrease in the direct costs to produce the revenue. 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, operating expenses consisted of the following: 

For the Year 
 Ended November 30, 2022 
 For the Year 
 Ended November 30, 2021 
 
 Selling expense 
 11,929 
 367 
 
 Professional fees 
 269,900 
 217,813 
 
 Other general and administrative 
 81,439 
 29,037 

363,268 
 247,217 

18 

Our selling expense mainly
 includes our marketing and sales staff s salaries and related benefits, and travel and entertainment costs incurred by our
 sales department. Selling expense totalled 11,929 for the year ended November 30, 2022, and 367 for the year ended November 30,
 2021. This is an increase of 11,562. Selling expense as a percentage of revenue for the year ended November
 30, 2022 was 79.5 . 

Professional fees primarily
 consisted of accounting fees, legal service fees, consulting fees, investor relations service charges and other fees incurred for
 service related to becoming and being a public company. For the years ended November 30, 2022, and November 30, 2021, professional
 fees amounted to 269,900 and 217,813, respectively, an increase of 52,087 or 23 . There was an increase of 63,996
 in expenses paid to independent contractors in the United States, an increase of approximately 453 in fees and services associated
 with public company reporting, an increase of approximately 28,455in service fees provided by professionals in China. These increases
 are offset by a decrease in legal services of 500, a decrease in audit fees of approximately 9,800 and a decrease of 2,188 incurred
 for services performed by our financial consultants and others. We expect professional fees to increase as we incur significant costs
 associated with our public company reporting requirements, and costs associated with newly applicable corporate governance requirements,
 including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Other general and administrative
 expenses mainly consisted of employee compensation, officer compensation, travel and entertainment, office supplies, rent, bank service
 charges and other miscellaneous items. Other general and administrative expenses totalled 81,439 for the year ended November 30,
 2022, as compared to 29,037 for the period year ended November 30, 202, an increase of 52,402 or 180 . This increase
 was primarily attributable to an increase in payroll and payroll taxes of 34,574, an increase in travel and meals of 11,423, an
 increase in depreciation expense of 6,367 and an increase in other general and administrative expenses of 9,065. There was also
 a decrease in officer s compensation of 9,000. 

Income
(Loss) from Operations 

As
a result of the foregoing, for the year ended November 30, 2022, loss from operations amounted to 348,268 as compared to loss from operations
of 220,195 for the year ended November 30, 2021, an increase of 128,073. 

Other
Income 

Other
income includes interest income from bank deposits and loans receivable of 290, interest income on lease receivable of 4,228 and dividend
income from our investments in equities of 750; all of which amounted to 5,268 for the year ended November 30, 2022, as compared to
 521 for the year ended November 30, 2021. 

The
Company had realized gains on equity investments of 233,795 for the year ended November 30, 2022, and 140,268 in realized gains for
the year ended November 30, 2021. 

The
Company had unrealized losses on equity investments of 1,594,716 for the year ended November 30, 2022, and 9,687,011 in unrealized
losses for the year ended November 30, 2021. 

Other
expense 

The
Company incurred interest expense of 0 for the year ended November 30, 2022, and 0 for the year ended November 30, 2021. 

Income
Taxes 

We
did not have any income taxes expense for the years ended November 30, 2022, and November 30, 2021. 

19 

Net
Income (Loss) 

Net
income/(loss) for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 were (1,713,921) and (9,766,417), respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations and otherwise operate
on an ongoing basis. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, we had cash balance of 252,956 and 524,741, respectively. These funds are kept
in financial institutions located in United States. We had total liabilities of 34,106 for the year ended November 30, 2022, of which
 0 is a loan payable to a related party, and 29,560 for the year ended November 30, 2021, of which 0 is a loan payable to a related
party. As of November 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company had accumulated earnings/(deficits) of (256,123) and 1,457,798, respectively. 

We
currently have no agreements and arrangements with any person to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources.
Since the Company has no such arrangements or plans currently in effect, its inability to raise funds for the above purposes will have
a severe negative impact on its ability to remain a viable company. 

Cash
flows from Operating Activities 

Operating
activities used 340,957 in cash for the year ended November 30, 2022, as compared with using 209,703 for the year ended November 30,
2021. These uses of cash from operating activities are mainly the result from a net operating loss of 348,268 for the year ended November
30, 2022 and a net operating loss of 220,195 for the year ended November 30, 2021. 

Cash
flows from Investing Activities 

For
the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company s net cash flow provided by investing activities was 223,795, and for the year ended
November 30, 2021, the Company s net cash flow provided by investing activities was 140,268. 

Cash
flows from Financing Activities 

For
the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company used 154,623 of net cash flow in financing activities, and for the year ended November
30, 2021, the Company used 4,589 of cash flow in financing activities. For the year ended November 30, 2022 the Company used 68,255
to purchase equipment leased to others, 112,563 to purchase vending machines for its operations and received 26,195 from the issuance
of common stock. For the year ended November 30, 2021, the Company used 4,589 in a note receivable from others. 

Our
capital requirements for the next twelve months primarily relate to cash to pay salaries, consulting fees and fees related to third parties 
professional services. All funds received have been expended in the furtherance of growing the business. The following trends are reasonably
likely to result in a material decrease in our liquidity over the near to long term: 

An increase in working
 capital requirements to finance our current business; 

Addition of administrative
 and sales personnel as the business grows; and 

The cost of being a public
 company. 

We
will need to raise additional funds, particularly if we are unable to generate positive cash flow as a result of our operations. We estimate
that based on current plans and assumptions, that our available cash will be insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements under our
present operating expectations. Other than working capital and advance received from related parties and funds received pursuant to securities
purchase agreements, we presently have no other significant alternative source of working capital. We have used these funds to fund our
operating expenses, pay our obligations and grow our company. We will need to raise significant additional capital to fund our operations
and to provide working capital for our ongoing operations and obligations. Therefore, our future operation is dependent on our ability
to secure additional financing. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining credit facilities,
or other financing mechanisms. However, the trading price of our common stock and a downturn in the U.S. equity and debt markets could
make it more difficult to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even if we are able to raise the funds
required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force
us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional
dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our common stock.
The inability to obtain additional capital may restrict our ability to grow and may reduce our ability to continue to conduct business
operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we will be required to cease our operations. To date, we have not considered
this alternative, nor do we view it as a likely occurrence. 

20 

Going
Concern 

The
Company s financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company incurred a net loss of 1,713,921 for the year ended November
30, 2022, and a net loss of 9,766,417 for the year ended November 30, 2021. The Company had accumulated deficits of 256,123 as of November
30, 2022, and accumulated earnings of 1,457,798 as of November 30, 2021. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Off-balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors. 

Since
inception, our principal sources of operating funds have been proceeds from equity financing including the sale of our Common Stock to
initial investors known to management and principal shareholders of the Company. We do not expect that our current cash on hand will
fund our existing operations. We will need to raise additional capital in order execute our business plan and growth goals for at least
the next twelve-month period thereafter. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional funds, it will have to execute a slower
than planned growth path, reduce overhead and scale back its business plan until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further
operational expansion and growth. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by
this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
financial statements begin on Page F-1. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in our periodic
reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or 1934 Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the
principal executive officer and the principal financial officer (principal financial officer), of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under the 1934 Act, as of the end of the period
covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, because of the Company s limited resources and limited number of employees, management
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of November 30, 2022. 

21 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of the financial statements of the Company in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

With
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), our management conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022 based on the framework in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).
Based on our evaluation and the material weaknesses described below, management concluded that the Company did not maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022 based on the COSO framework criteria. Management has identified
control deficiencies as follows: 

The Company has not established
 adequate financial reporting monitoring activities to mitigate the risk of management override, specifically because there are few
 employees and only two officers with management functions and therefore there is lack of segregation of duties. 

There is a strong reliance
 on outside consultants to review and adjust the annual and quarterly financial statements, to monitor new accounting principles,
 and to ensure compliance with GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

There is a strong reliance
 on the external attorneys to review and edit the annual and quarterly filings and to ensure compliance with SEC disclosure requirements. 

A formal audit committee
 has not been formed. 

Management
of the Company believes that these material weaknesses are due to the small size of the Company s accounting staff and reliance
on outside consultants for external reporting. The small size of the Company s accounting staff may prevent adequate controls in
the future, such as segregation of duties, due to the cost/benefit of such remediation. 

To
mitigate the current limited resources and limited employees, we rely heavily on direct management oversight of transactions, along with
the use of legal and outside accounting consultants. As we grow, we expect to increase our number of employees, which will enable us
to implement adequate segregation of duties within the internal control framework. 

These
control deficiencies could result in a misstatement of account balances that would result in a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement to our consolidated financial statements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Accordingly, we have determined
that these control deficiencies as described above together constitute a material weakness. 

In
light of this material weakness, we performed additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended November 30, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were fairly stated in accordance with US
GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that despite our material weaknesses, our consolidated financial statements for the year ended
November 30, 2022 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance with US GAAP. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.2 

22 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), does not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but
are not limited to, the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error
or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or
by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or
fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

During
the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2022, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

As
previously reported, on January 4, 2022, the size of the Board of Directors of the Company was increased from one to two and Eugene Cha
was appointed as an independent director of the Company. 

23 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth the names and positions of our current executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Edward C. Lee 
 
 70 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial
 Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Eugene Cha 
 
 67 
 
 Director 

Background
of Executive Officers and Directors 

Edward
C. Lee, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, and Chairman of the Board. 

Mr.
Edward Lee was appointed as the Company s sole officer and director on March 6, 2019. Mr. Lee has more than 30 years business leadership
experience in multinational environments, having lived and held executive positions in the U.S. and the People s Republic of China PRC ). Mr. Lee began his career in the 1980 s as co-founder of Multi Service Enterprises Inc., an organization focused
on the business service and travel service sectors. During the same period, Mr. Lee also co-founded The Flushing Chinese Business Association
and served as its director and treasurer. Mr. Lee subsequently became an angel investor and invested primarily in travel related business
and also partnered with bankers to invest in the U.S. stock market. In the 1990s, Mr. Lee moved to Taiwan to establish World Financial
Services Ltd., in Taipei, Taiwan. World Financial Services Ltd. acted as a private placement agent for U.S. public companies or as co-placement
agent with investment bankers to raise capital in Taiwan and Hong Kong. From 1990 to 1991, Mr. Lee served as a representative for the
American Finance Group in Boston, the Martin Zweig fund families and Oppenheimer s subsidiary New Horizon, a commodity fund. From
1990 to 1991, Mr. Lee also worked as senior managing director for Goldman International Ltd. in Taiwan. In 1994, Mr. Lee returned to
New York became Chairman and CEO for a public software company in Melville, New York, Cashtek Corporation and he left in 1998 to become
an independent investment banking and capital market consulting advisor for many smaller companies in the U.S. and Greater China. From
2012 through the present, Mr. Lee has served as founder, principal executive officer and Chairman of ECL Capital Partners Corp. ECL ),
an international strategic consulting firm registered in Belize to provide consulting for pre-public and public companies in the U.S.
and the PRC. From 2015 through the present, Mr. Lee has also served as President of PK International Inc., a consulting company. In March
2016, Mr. Lee, founded Hestia Investments Inc., a Wyoming corporation Hestia Investments ), which is now a wholly owned
operating subsidiary of the Company. Since 2020 through the present, Mr. Lee has served as an honorary Director of Tzu Chi Foundation,
an international humanitarian organization. Mr. Lee attended Feng University from 1981 1984, and Chinese Culture University in
Taiwan from 1987 - 1988. Mr. Lee completed one certificate program in New York City CPC s food service management, and two certificate
programs at New York University. 

24 

Eugene
Cha, Independent Director 

On
January 4, 2022, Mr. Eugene Cha was appointed as an independent director of the Company. Mr. Cha is a seasoned attorney who specializes
in cross-border business and investment transactions, as well as having served as a board member to numerous international businesses.
Mr. Cha s experience as an independent board member includes serving on the boards of financial services and fund management comp anies,
including Founder Fubon Fund Managements Co., Ltd., Xiaman Bank, and Core Pacific Yamaichi Securities Co., Ltd., and on the boards of
biotechnology companies and a conglomerate which owns publicly listed petrochemical and construction companies in Taiwan. In
addition, Mr. Cha previously served as chief counsel for Core Pacific Group, a major conglomerate in Taiwan. Mr. Cha earned his Bachelor
of Laws degree from National Taiwan University and a Master of Comparative Law degree from the University of Michigan. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board of Directors Board is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes on behalf of the Company.
The Board receives and reviews periodic reports from management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding
our company s assessment of risks. In addition, the Board focuses on the most significant risks facing our company and our company s
general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks undertaken by our company are consistent with the board s appetite
for risk. While the Board oversees our company s risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes.
We believe this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing our company and that our
board leadership structure supports this approach. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition
 filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time
 of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal
 proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order,
 judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated
 with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. 
 being found by a court
 of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state
 securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being subject of, or a
 party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation
 respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
 with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being subject of or party
 to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity
 or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
 with a member. 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Board plans to adopt a written code of business conduct and ethics Code that applies to our directors, officers and employees,
including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing
similar functions. We intend to post on our website a current copy of the Code and all disclosures that are required by law in regard
to any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code. 

25 

Nominating
Committee 

We
have not adopted any procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Board of Directors acts as the Audit Committee and the Board has no separate committees. The Company has no qualified financial expert
at this time because it has not been able to hire a qualified candidate. Further, the Company believes that it has inadequate financial
resources at this time to hire such an expert. 

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

Our
directors and executive officers are indemnified as provided by Nevada law and our Bylaws. These provisions state that our directors
may cause us to indemnify a director or former director against all costs, charges and expenses, including an amount paid to settle an
action or satisfy a judgment, actually and reasonably incurred by him as a result of him acting as a director. The indemnification of
costs can include an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment. Such indemnification is at the discretion of our board of
directors and is subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission s policy regarding indemnification. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling
us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Section
16(a) Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our common
stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other of our equity securities.
During the year ended November 30, 2022, our officers, directors and 10 stockholders were not required to make filings pursuant to Section
16(a). 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive
Officers Compensation 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer
and to other persons who served as executive officers as at and/or during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 or who earned compensation
exceeding 100,000 during fiscal year 2022 (the named executive officers ), for services as executive officers for the last
two fiscal years. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal 
 
 Fiscal 

Salary 

Stock 
 Award 

Option 
 Awards 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 

Change in 
 Pension Value 
 and Non- 
 Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 

All Other 
 Compensation 

Total 

Position 
 
 Year 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Edward
 Lee, CEO 
 
 2022 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

The
Company did not issue equity awards to executive officers during the year ended November 30, 2022. 

Employment
Agreements 

None. 

26 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth director compensation as of November 30, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Fees 
 Earned 
 or Paid 
 in Cash 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Edward Lee 

1,000 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

1,000 

Eugene Cha 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

2021
Stock Incentive Plan 

On
May 24, 2021, our Board of Directors and stockholders owning in excess of 50 of our outstanding voting securities approved and adopted
the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Plan we can grant stock options, restricted
stock awards and other awards at levels determined appropriate by our Board and/or compensation committee. The 2021 Plan also allows
us to utilize a broad array of equity incentives and performance cash incentives in order to secure and retain the services of our employees,
directors and consultants, and to provide long-term incentives that align the interests of our employees, directors and consultants with
the interests of our stockholders. An aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of our common stock may be issued under the 2021 Plan, subject to
equitable adjustment in the event of future stock splits, and other capital changes. 

Grants
of Plan Based Awards 

On
January 1, 2022, the Company issued its independent director, Eugene Cha, a stock option to acquire an aggregate of 60,000 shares of
the common stock of the Company, exercisable for five (5) years at an exercise price of 3.50 per share, subject to vesting. The
option vests in equal amounts over a period of one (1) year at the rate of 15,000 shares per fiscal quarter at the end of such quarter,
commencing in January 2022, and pro-rated for the number of days the optionee serves on the Board during the fiscal quarter. As of November
30, 2022, Mr. Cha s option to acquire 60,000 shares of the Company s stock has vested. For the twelve-month period ending
November 30, 2022, no options have been exercised and no expense has been recorded for the Company for the potential exercise of these
options since the exercise price is above the average price of the Company s stock and the total amount of the potential expense
is not material. 

We
did not make any other plan-based equity or non-equity awards grants to named executives or directors during the years ended November
30, 2021 and 2020. 

Option
Exercises 

There
were no options exercised by our named officers or directors during the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Compensation
of Directors 

As
of the year ended November 30, 2022, we had one non-executive director. Our sole executive director as of the year ended November 30,
2022 earned 1,000 for the year ended November 30, 2022, and 10,000 for the year ended November 30, 2021. 

Pension,
Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have
no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive
officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of February 24, 2023, with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding
common stock by (i) any holder of more than five (5 percent; (ii) each of the Company s executive officers and directors; and
(iii) the Company s directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed
below has sole voting and investment power over the shares beneficially owned. The address for each person is c/o Hestia Insight Inc.,
400 S. 4th Street, Suite 500, Las Vegas, NV 89101. 

27 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock (1) 
 
 Edward Lee and affiliated persons and entities (2) (4) 
 19,074,200 
 68.27 
 
 Eugene Cha (3) (4) 
 60,000 

All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (2 people) 
 19,134,200 
 68.48 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Based
on 27,939,260 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 24, 2023. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of a security if such person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of such
security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any
securities if that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days of February 24, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated
by footnote, the named entities or individuals have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock beneficially
owned. 

(2) 
 Includes (i) 8,278,200 shares of common stock held individually, (ii) 9,566,000 shares of common stock held by ECL Capital Partners Corp., and (iii) 1,230,000 shares of common stock held by Mr. Lee s wife, Sherry Lee. Mr. Lee is the CEO and has sole voting control over the shares of common stock of the Company held by ECL Capital Partners Corp. 

(3) 
 Includes options to acquire 60,000 shares of common stock exercisable at 3.50 per share. 

(4) 
 Current officer and/or director of the Company. 

No
Director, executive officer, affiliate or any owner of record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of
the Company is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

As
of the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022, we had securities authorized for issuance and outstanding awards under our 2021 Stock Incentive
Plan: 

Number
 of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options and 
 warrants 

Weighted- 
 average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants and 
 rights 

Number
 of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future issuance 
 under 
 equity 
 compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected 
 in 
 column (a) 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved
 by security holders 

70,000 
 (1) 

3.42 

4,930,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security
 holders 

N/A 

N/A 

Total 

70,000 

3.42 

4,930,000 

(1) 
 During the year ended November
 30, 2022, we had awards outstanding under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. As of the end of fiscal year 2022, we had 70,000 shares
 of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options granted pursuant to the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. The securities
 available under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan for issuance and issuable pursuant to exercises of outstanding options may be adjusted
 in the event of a change in outstanding stock by reason of stock dividend, stock splits, reverse stock splits, etc. 

28 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since the beginning of the 2022 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which
the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average
of its total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or
indirect material interest (other than compensation described under Executive Compensation ). We believe the terms obtained
or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms
available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

During
the year ended November 30, 2022, there were no transactions with related parties. During the year ended November 30, 2021, the Company
performed 8,500 in consulting services for the related party ECL Capital Partners Corp. The Company incurred 1,478 in cost of revenue
for this related party and has received the entire 8,500 in revenues from this related party. 

Procedures
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our
Board of Directors is charged with reviewing and approving all potential related party transactions. All such related party transactions
must then be reported under applicable SEC rules. We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such
transactions, but instead review them on a case-by-case basis. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board of Directors has determined, after considering all the relevant facts and circumstances, that during the fiscal year ended November
30, 2022, Mr. Eugene Cha was an independent director, as independence is defined in the federal securities laws and the
Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

BF
Borgers CPA PC served as our independent auditors for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. The following is a summary of the fees
billed to the Company for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 

November 30, 2022 
 November 30, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 55,000 
 64,800 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Totals 
 55,000 
 64,800 

AUDIT
FEES. Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements
and review of the interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and services in connection with statutory and
regulatory filings or engagements. 

AUDIT-RELATED
FEES. Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of the Company s consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

TAX
FEES. Consists of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

ALL
OTHER FEES. Consists of fees for products and services other than the services reported above. There were no management consulting services
provided in fiscal 2022 or 2021. 

POLICY
ON AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL OF AUDIT AND PERMISSIBLE NON-AUDIT SERVICES OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

The
Company currently does not have a designated Audit Committee, and accordingly, the Company s Board of Directors policy is
to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services,
audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is
detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent auditors
and management are required to periodically report to the Company s Board of Directors regarding the extent of services provided
by the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The Board of Directors
may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. 

29 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of Hestia Insight Inc. (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 1-A, filed on August 6, 2020, and incorporated herein by
 reference) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendments of Articles of Incorporation of Hestia Insight Inc. (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 1-A, filed on August 6, 2020,
 and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws
 of Hestia Insight Inc. (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 1-A, filed on August 6, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Reinstatement. (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 1-A, filed on August 6, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment for Custodianship. (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 1-A, filed on August 6, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.6 
 
 Certificates
 of Designation, and Certificate of Withdrawal (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 1-A, filed on August 6, 2020, and incorporated herein
 by reference) 

4.1 
 
 Form
 of Subscription Agreement (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 1-A, filed on August 6, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.2 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Custodian Ventures, LLC and Hestia Investments, Inc. dated March 1, 2019. (filed as
 an Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 10-K, filed on February 25, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Stock Option Agreement by and between Hestia Insight Inc. and Eugene Cha dated January 4, 2022 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form
 8-K, filed on January 10, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.1 
 
 Independent
 Consulting Agreement, dated December 1, 2019, by and between Hestia Insight Inc. and BHPA Inc. (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 1-A,
 filed on August 6, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.2 
 
 Sales
 Agency Agreement, dated June 21, 2020, with Immudyne Nutritional (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 1-A/A, filed on November 30, 2020,
 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3 
 
 Supplemental
 Agreement of Memorandum of Understanding Between Hestia Insight Inc. and Noether Science and Technologies Inc. (filed as an Exhibit
 to the Form 1-A/A, filed on November 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.4 
 
 Definitive
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated May 16, 2019, by and between Hestia Investments Inc. Hestia ), each of the shareholders
 of Hestia, and Hestia Insight Inc. (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report, filed on April 19, 2021, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.5 
 
 Form
 of Director Agreement by and between Hestia Insight Inc. and Eugene Cha dated January 4, 2022 (filed as an Exhibit to the Form 8-K,
 filed on January 10, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.6 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement by and between Hestia Insight Inc. and Eugene Cha dated January 4, 2022 (filed as an Exhibit to the
 Form 8-K, filed on January 10, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.7 
 
 Vending
 Purchase Agreement by and between Hestia Insight Inc. and HealthyYOU Vending LLC dated July 11, 2022 (filed as an Exhibit to the
 Form 10-Q Quarterly report, filed on July 14, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

30 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Hestia Insight Inc. 

Dated: February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Edward Lee 

Edward Lee 

Chief Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Know
all persons by these presents that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Edward Lee, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer as a true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution,
for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to (i) act on, sign and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
any and all amendments to this Report together with all schedules and exhibits thereto, (ii) act on, sign and file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission any and all exhibits to this Report and any and all exhibits and schedules thereto, (iii) act on, sign and file
any and all such certificates, notices, communications, reports, instruments, agreements and other documents as may be necessary or appropriate
in connection therewith and (iv) take any and all such actions which may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith, granting
unto such agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or appropriate
to be done, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby approving, ratifying and confirming all
that such agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, or any of his or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Edward Lee 
 
 Chief Executive Officer,
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 February
 24, 2023 
 
 Edward Lee 
 
 Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
 Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

31 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of 
Hestia Insight, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hestia Insight, Inc. as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, the related statements
of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In
addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
BF Borgers CPA PC 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019 

February
24, 2023 

F- 1 

PART
1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

HESTIA
INSIGHT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOVEMBER
30, 2022 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

November 30, 2022 
 November 30, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments in equities 

Note receivable; net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of November 30, 2022, and November 30, 2021, respectively. 

Lease contract receivable short term 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 

FIXED ASSETS: 

Vending machines; net of accumulated depreciation of and as of November 30, 2022, and November 30, 2021, respectively. 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-Use auto lease 

Total fixed assets 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Lease contract receivable long term 
 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Right-of-Use current liability 

Unearned income on lease contract receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES: 

Right-of-Use long term liability 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of November 30, 2022, and November 30, 2021, respectively. 

Series B common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; -- - and - - issued and outstanding as of November 30, 2022, and November 30, 2021, respectively. 
 - 
 - 

Treasury Stock, and shares as of November 30, 2022, and November 30, 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated earnings/(deficits) 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

HESTIA
INSIGHT INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUE: 

Consulting revenue 

Consulting revenue related party 
 - 

Total revenue 

COST OF REVENUE: 

Cost of revenue 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cost of revenue related party 
 - 

Total cost of revenue 
 - 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSE: 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Total operating expense 

OPERATING INCOME/(LOSS) 

OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSE): 

Interest dividend income 

Realized gain/(loss) on equity investments 

Unrealized gain/(loss) on equity investments 

Total other income/(expense) 

INCOME /(LOSS) BEFORE TAXES 

Tax expense 

NET INCOME/(LOSS) 

Basic net income/(loss) per common share 

Diluted net income/(loss) per common share 

Average common shares outstanding Basic and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

HESTIA
INSIGHT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock par value 0.001 
 Series B Common Stock par value 0.001 
 Preferred Stock par value 0.00001 
 Treasury Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Accum. Earnings/ 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 
 Shares 

Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 Equity 
 
 Balance November 30, 2020 

- 
 - 

Issuance of Hestia Insight Inc. common stock for services valued at 12,360 

Cancellation of Hestia Insight Inc. Series B common stock. 

- 
 
 Net Loss for 12-month period 

- 

Balance November 30, 2021 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of Hestia Insight Inc. common stock for services valued at 48,750 

- 
 - 

Issuance of Hestia Insight Inc. common stock for cash 

- 
 - 

Net Loss for 12-month period 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance November 30, 2022 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

HESTIA
INSIGHT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income/(Loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to operating cash flows: 

Depreciation expense 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock for services 

Realized loss (gain) on investment equities 

Unrealized loss (gain) on investment equities 

Changes in operating asset and liability account balances: 

Accounts receivable and accrued interest receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued interest payable 

NET ADJUSTMENTS 

NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds provided by (used in) purchase of equipment leased to others 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds provided by (used in) purchase of vending machines 

Proceeds provided by investment equities 

NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds provided by (used in) note receivable 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH END OF PERIOD 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

HESTIA
INSIGHT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOVEMBER
30, 2022 

 AUDITED 

 at November 30, 2022. The report of our independent registered public
accounting firm on our financial statements for the year ended November 30, 2022, contained an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability
to continue as a going concern based upon cash used in operating activities and the current cash balance cannot be projected to cover
the operating expenses for the next twelve months from the release date of this report. These factors, among others, raised substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There are no assurances we will be successful in our efforts to generate
significant revenues or report profitable operations or to continue as a going concern, in which event investors would lose their entire
investment in our company. The financial statements contained herein do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to carry out our business plan, achieve profitable operations, obtain
additional working capital funds from our significant shareholders, and or through debt and equity financings. However, there can be
no assurance that any additional financings will be available to us on satisfactory terms and conditions, if any. 

Management
of the Company is making efforts to raise additional funding until a registration statement relating to an equity funding facility is
in effect. While management of the Company believes that it will be successful in its capital formation and planned operating activities,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional equity capital or be successful in the development and commercialization
of the investments and services it develops or enters into collaboration agreements thereon. Ultimately, the Company will need to achieve
profitable operations in order to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to
reflect the possible future effects on the reclassification or the amounts that can be recovered from receivables or other assets, or
the reclassification or the amounts of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going
concern. 

plus 36 monthly
payments of 627.24. The Company has expensed as a current operating expense for the year ended November 30, 2022, and 
for the year ended November 30, 2021. For the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company has recorded the total remaining 11 payments
on the lease as a Right of Use (ROU) asset of which equals the next 11 monthly payments totaling as a ROU current liability
and no monthly payments as a ROU long term liability of . 

in newly purchased computer equipment it leased
out to others for 36 monthly payments of 2,500 totaling 90,000. The net asset of was recorded as a asset as a lease
contract receivable, and a liability as unearned income on lease receivable. The Company has recognized as interest income
on lease receivable for the year ended November 30, 2022, and for the year ended November 30, 2021. As of November 30, 2022, the Company
has recorded the total remaining 29 monthly payments receivable as an asset of 72,500 which equals of the next 12 monthly payments totaling
 30,000 as a current asset and the remaining 17 monthly payments of 42,500 as an other asset. 

The
fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value
hierarchy under ASC Topic 820 are described as follows: 

Level 1 
 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. 

Level 2 
 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
 Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
 assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability;
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 

Level 3 - Prices
 or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

For
those investments in equities, including equity securities and partnership interests, that have a readily determinable fair value, 
as defined in ASC Topic 321 and discussed below, or are traded in a verifiable public market and are not restricted for sale in the public
market by a restricted stock legend, or can otherwise be reasonably valued using the three levels of the fair value hierarchy under ASC
Topic 820 discussed above, we present and carry our investments at their estimate of fair value at net asset value (NAV) as of the balance
sheet date. For these equity securities and partnership interests we include the realized and unrealized gains and losses arising from
the changes in the fair values during the period as a component of investment gains in the consolidated statements of operations. 

For
those investments in equities, including equity securities and partnership interests, that do not have a readily determinable
fair value, or are not traded in a verifiable public market or are restricted for sale in the public market by a restricted stock
legend or otherwise, we present and carry our investments using the measurement alternative which is cost minus impairment, if any, plus
or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions, as defined in ASC 321, for the identical
or a similar investment of the same issuer. 

- 

Totals 

State 

Total Current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Change in valuation 

Total provision (benefit) 

The
Company, and its subsidiary have net deferred tax assets resulting from net operating loss NOL carryforwards. These NOL
carryforwards are subject to limitations on their use and availability. Under the 2017 Tax Act, NOL carryforwards can offset only 80 
of taxable income in any given tax year and are significantly or completely reduced whenever there is a substantial change in the ownership
of the Corporation. 

The
income tax provision (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of in 2022 and 2021
to net income (loss) before income taxes for the year ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 and adjusting for the following: 

US federal income tax rate 

Computed expected tax provision (benefit) 

Permanent differences 
 - 
 - 
 
 Timing differences 

Limitations on NOL carryforwards due to change in stock ownership of the Corporation 

Federal income tax provision 

The
Company and its subsidiary file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and, if necessary, in various state and local jurisdictions.
All tax years from 2018 to 2022 are subject to examination. 

in consulting services for the related party ECL Capital Partners Corp.
The Company incurred in cost of revenue for this related party and has received the entire in revenues from this related
party. 

from Patient Access Solutions,
Inc. PASO on OTCMarkets.com) to compensate the Company for consulting services to PASO over a nine-month period ending
February 6, 2020. The Note was due on , however due to the doubtful ability to collect on this Note, no income or receivable
amount has or will be accrued until payment of this Note is received. The Note provides simple interest at the rate of ten percent on the unpaid principal sum outstanding. Patient Access Solutions, Inc. will also provide five hundred thousand (500,000) common shares
of PASO s stock in the Company s name upon acceptance of this agreement. Additionally, the Company has conversion rights
until this Note is no longer outstanding, whereby this Note may be convertible into shares of PASO s common stock at a price of
 per share (the Set Price or 40 discount of the lowest bid price based on a 5-day average at the option of the Company,
in whole or in part whichever is less. 

On
October 29, 2020, the Company exercised its conversion rights on this note and received shares of restricted common stock,
the value of which will be recognized as consulting income when the restrictions on the stock are removed or the fair value of the stock
becomes readily determinable, whichever comes first. 

shares to an unrelated independent contractor valued at for services valued at 12,360. 

On
March 1, 2021, Hestia Investments returned to the Company for cancellation its remaining shares of Series B Common Stock and,
accordingly, the Company cancelled the remaining outstanding 500,000 shares of Series B Common Stock. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company issued shares to an unrelated independent contractor valued at for services valued at 48,750. 

On
February 15, 2022, pursuant to an offering under Regulation A, the Company issued shares to unrelated new shareholders for 
in cash. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share (the Preferred Stock ).
As of November 30, 2022, shares of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

shares of the common stock
of the Company, exercisable for five years at an exercise price of per share, subject to vesting. The option vests in
equal amounts over a period of one year at the rate of 15,000 shares per fiscal quarter at the end of such quarter, commencing in
January 2022, and pro-rated for the number of days the optionee serves on the Board during the fiscal quarter. As of November 30, 2022,
Mr. Cha s option to acquire shares of the Company s stock has vested. For the twelve-month period ending November
30, 2022, options have been exercised and expense has been recorded for the Company. 

F- 12 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 hestiainsight_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Edward Lee, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2022, of Hestia Insight Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, and evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and printed in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies
in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over
financial reporting. 

Dated: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Edward Lee 

Edward Lee 

Chief Executive Officer and President 
(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 hestiainsight_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING
OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Edward Lee, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended November 30, 2022, of Hestia Insight Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, and evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and printed in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies
in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over
financial reporting. 

Dated: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Edward Lee 

Edward Lee 

Chief Financial Officer 
(principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 hestiainsight_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K
of Hestia Insight Inc. (the Company for the year ended November 30, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Edward Lee, the Chief Executive Officer and President, of the Company, do hereby certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and
belief that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Edward Lee 

Edward Lee 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 hestiainsight_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K
of Hestia Insight Inc. (the Company for the year ended November 30, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Edward Lee, the Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, do hereby certify pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Edward Lee 

Edward Lee 

Chief Financial Officer 
(principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hsta-20221130.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hsta-20221130_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hsta-20221130_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hsta-20221130_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

