<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1865107_0001865107-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12211990</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>472635</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2117632</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3784352</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3015200</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2626920</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001865107-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309160822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001865107-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			A.K.A. BRANDS HOLDING CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865107
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		IRS NUMBER:				870970919
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40828
		FILM NUMBER:		23719784

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 MONTGOMERY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-295-6085

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 MONTGOMERY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001865107-23-000012.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 aka-20221231.htm
 10-K

aka-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 - 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act ). Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated Filer x Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial re porting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of a.k.a. Brands on June 30, 2022, was approximately based on the closing price of the shares on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. 
 As of March 6, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 44 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Consolidated Financial Data 
 46 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 67 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 68 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 103 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 103 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 104 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 104 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 105 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 105 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 105 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 105 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 105 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 106 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 107 
 Signatures 
 108 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections entitled Business, Legal Proceedings, Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, or that describe our plans, goals, intentions, objectives, strategies, expectations, beliefs and assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, might, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, project, plan, objective, could, would, should and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. We caution that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to conform these statements to actual results or changes in our expectations, unless otherwise required by law. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to a.k.a., a.k.a. Brands, the Company or company, we, our and us mean a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. and its subsidiaries. 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Our Vision 
 To be the global leader in fashion for the next generation of consumers through a portfolio of the most innovative brands. 
 Who We Are 
 a.k.a. Brands a.k.a. is an accelerator of fashion brands for the next generation. We target and acquire high-potential brands that we believe are at a pivotal point in their growth trajectory that we can integrate into our operating model and accelerate their growth. Leveraging our proven track record, industry expertise and operational synergies, we believe our brands can grow faster, reach broader audiences, achieve greater scale and enhance their profitability. We believe we are disrupting the status quo and pioneering a new approach to fashion. 
 Through our portfolio of next-generation global brands, we reach a broad audience across accessible price points and varied styles. Our current brands share a common focus on Millennial and Gen Z consumers who seek fashion inspiration on social media and primarily shop online. Nimble by design, our innovative brands are customer-centric and have authentic and engaging relationships with their target audiences through highly relevant social content and other digital marketing strategies. Leveraging innovative, data-driven insights, our brands introduce fresh content and high-quality merchandise daily. Our operating model accelerates the growth and profitability of our existing brands, and we aim to continue expanding our portfolio. Simply put, our brands are better together. 
 We believe we are differentiated by our ability to attract and retain a wide range of Millennial and Gen Z consumers through authentic brand messaging and curated, on-trend fashion. In 2022, across a.k.a. Brands, we grew our active customer base by 2.7 from 2021, who placed 13.8 more orders compared to 2021, and had a low sales return ratio of approximately 16.6 of net sales. 
 We believe our robust growth and profitability validate our business approach and asset-light business model. We achieved 611.7 million in net sales and adjusted EBITDA of 31.9 million in 2022. 
 Our Brands 
 a.k.a. Brands currently consists of four brands: two women s brands, Princess Polly and Petal Pup, and two streetwear brands, Culture Kings and mnml. The Company owned Rebdolls, a brand that the Company purchased in December 2019, throughout all of 2022, but subsequently sold in February 2023 back to its founder. While the Company believed in Rebdolls long-term success, the brand was below the scale that would allow it to experience the full potential of the a.k.a. Brands platform. 
 Princess Polly 
 Founded in Australia in 2010, Princess Polly joined a.k.a. Brands in July 2018. With a tagline of Wear It This Weekend, Princess Polly focuses on providing fun dresses, tops, shoes and accessories with body-confident and trendy fashion designs. The brand operates predominantly online and targets female customers between the ages of 15 and 25, who value the brand s high quality assortment, compelling price points and free and fast shipping. Princess Polly customers are inspired by the brands constant stream of inspirational social media content and the fresh, new and affordable merchandise arriving daily. Since joining a.k.a. Brands, Princess Polly has experienced rapid growth and increasing brand awareness in the United States. 
 Petal Pup 
 Founded in Australia in 2015, Petal Pup joined a.k.a. Brands in August 2019. The brand operates exclusively online and offers an assortment of trendy, flattering, feminine styles and dresses for special occasions. The brand targets female customers typically in their twenties or thirties, with more than 70 of customers between the ages of 25 and 34. In 2019, Petal Pup expanded to the United States, which is now its fastest growing geography. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Culture Kings 
 Founded in Australia in 2008, Culture Kings joined a.k.a. Brands in March 2021. Culture Kings is a premium multi-channel retailer of streetwear apparel, footwear, headwear and accessories. The brand offers its customers a curated assortment from over one hundred leading third-party streetwear brands, as well as a large and growing portfolio of in-house designed brands and exclusive products that embody the relationship between music, sports, art and fashion. The brand targets male consumers between the ages of 18 and 35 who are fashion conscious, highly social and digitally focused. More than 50 of Culture Kings products are exclusive and approximately 76 of its sales are made online. Culture Kings engages with customers through a combination of compelling online and offline marketing strategies that leverage the latest in music, fashion, art and celebrities to create brand hype and product excitement. 
 The brand operates eight experiential concept stores in major cities in Australia and New Zealand, and opened its first U.S. store in Las Vegas in November 2022. These stores serve as a powerful customer acquisition tool, and provide customers a unique and immersive brand experience. The stores feature engaging in-store designs and product displays, storefronts designed by best-in-class graffiti artists, exclusive product releases including promotional products only available in-store and event-driven in-store activations. The stores host a variety of public events and creative activities designed to instill feelings and emotions of excitement such as sneaker vending machines, basketball shooting competitions, live DJ sessions and appearances of global celebrities and tastemakers, including athletes and on-trend music artists. The brand creates digital content based on the events and activities in-store and publishes them online, generating further hype on social media. The unique in-store experience generates excitement and anticipation, driving demand and traffic online and offline, and creating customer affiliation with the Culture Kings brands, not just the products sold. 
 mnml 
 Founded in Los Angeles in 2016, mnml joined a.k.a. Brands in October 2021. mnml is a men s streetwear brand that designs premier, fashion forward apparel, with an emphasis on bottoms, at affordable prices. As an early mover in the direct-to-consumer streetwear segment, mnml has created powerful brand recognition and is an established destination for modern wardrobe staples, current trends and highly sought-after styles. The brand has developed a data-driven merchandising model to bring quality, on-trend fashion to customers faster and at an accessible price point. mnml s authentic social media marketing strategy, highlighted by its more than one million followers across social platforms, drives efficient customer acquisition and strong brand loyalty. In 2022, Culture Kings began to sell mnml on Culture Kings website and in their stores in Australia and the U.S. 
 Our Operating Model 
 Data-Driven Merchandising with High Penetration of Exclusive High-Quality Fashion 
 Our brands aim to deliver constant newness and excitement by creating and curating on-trend and affordable fashion. We utilize real-time data and consumer insights to identify the latest trends and work with our global sourcing network to quickly bring new, high-quality products to market. Our women s brands merchandise is purchased using our agile test-and-repeat merchandising model, which enables us to quickly react to customer demand and test product appeal without taking large initial inventory positions, yet still capture in-season demand. This model ensures that our merchandise is always on-trend and customer-led, with minimal inventory risk because we only replenish the styles that our customers show us that they like. 
 Our brands compelling merchandising strategy is anchored by a high proportion of exclusive styles that cannot be found elsewhere. Our women s brands sell mostly exclusive styles and the majority of our streetwear styles are either exclusive in-house designed Culture Kings brands or exclusive styles from leading third party brands. Our customers satisfaction with the fit, quality, affordability and exclusivity of our styles is further reflected in our sales return rates across our brands, which was well below industry average in 2022 at approximately 16.6 of net sales. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 We Efficiently Acquire Customers Through Authentic Content and Innovative, Measurable Marketing 
 Our brands engage with customers by releasing a stream of inspiring digital content at high frequency across multiple channels where we know our customers are. We believe our content-rich narrative and authentic brand messaging drives organic traffic to our websites, efficiently generating demand, enhancing connectivity with customers and amplifying our brand communities. Our brands constantly innovate their marketing strategies and reach their customers organically across all channels including social media, paid performance and innovative in-house channels. Core to our marketing strategy is the use of social media influencers, and we maintain relationships with approximately 25,000 influencers globally and utilize them to test and launch new products, gather customer feedback, increase brand awareness and acquire new customers in a cost-effective manner. In 2022, across a.k.a. Brands, we had nearly 10.0 million followers on social media and served more than 3.8 million active customers. In addition to social media marketing, we also tested live video shopping events and increased our penetration of SMS text message marketing in 2022. 
 Our Operating Model Creates Value by Driving Synergies Across the Portfolio 
 Our brands operate independently but have access to resources, guidance and vendors at the a.k.a. Brands level. We believe this model balances scale-enabled cost savings with operational flexibility, facilitates low-risk innovation and accommodates the needs of our brands at various stages of growth. Our operating model is designed to provide collective advantages and accelerate profitable growth in both existing and new markets and allows us to manage the brands at a portfolio level. 
 Flexible Technology Stack and Operations 
 Our brands leverage a broad network of third-party service and technology providers, which allows us to implement the latest capabilities with limited upfront investment and quickly adopt innovations in the market. We utilize a combination of owned and third-party logistics and fulfillment assets and third-party technology partners, creating flexibility to support our high-growth brands with fast and efficient fulfillment and shipping. We customize our approach for each brand to allow for optimization and tailored growth tools, which sets us apart from other centralized platforms. For example, while we maintain a network of proven vendors across the portfolio, we allow our brands to take a custom approach to which vendors they use. Therefore, there is minimal operational disruption when we acquire new brands given our flexible operations approach. Additionally, given our scale, we negotiate favorable rates with our vendors, providing our brands with attractive terms and enhancing overall profitability. 
 Deep Industry Expertise 
 Our brands have access to our highly-skilled leadership team, each of whom has a proven track-record and years of experience building and scaling successful eCommerce businesses. We have deep expertise in the business of fashion, and we support our brands so they can focus on customer-facing priorities such as branding, merchandising and maintaining an authentic connection with customers. 
 Innovation Hub and Knowledge Sharing 
 We enable and encourage a network of cross-brand learnings to advance innovation and promote best practices what accelerates profitable growth for one brand can accelerate profitable growth for others. Across our brands, we test and learn digital innovation and facilitate knowledge sharing and benchmarking of key performance metrics to improve growth, operational efficiency and profitability. 
 We Promote Diversity and Practice Responsible Fashion 
 Our brands reflect the diversity and beauty of our customers and we continuously seek ways to expand the diversity in our brands, products and marketing. We believe diversity and sustainability align with our core values and drive better results. We operate responsibly and are committed to responsible fashion and sustainability through prioritization of transparency, fair labor practices and reduced waste. 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 We believe our global next-generation fashion brands are disrupting categories with strong fundamental growth and capitalizing on long-term global secular tailwinds. We intend to execute the following strategies to expand our business and gain market share: 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Grow Our Brands Organically in Our Existing Markets and Channels 
 Grow Brand Awareness and Acquire New Customers Through Omni-Channel Expansion 
 We believe our brands are underpenetrated in the markets in which they operate. We think there is a significant opportunity to grow awareness of our brands due to the continued secular shift to eCommerce, as well as the strength of our data-driven marketing model. We intend to efficiently acquire new customers through continued investment in our content creation and social media capabilities, as well as through our network of approximately 25,000 influencers. Through continued investment in these initiatives, we believe we will be able to further appeal to our core demographic of Millennial and Gen Z consumers and increase our market share. 
 While our brands primarily operate direct to consumer and are digitally native, to further build brand awareness, we expect to test select omnichannel experiences in 2023. We recently announced that we expect to partner on select wholesale engagements to expand our brands visibility in key retailers that we know our customers love. We also believe that stores are important drivers of brand awareness given the success of the experiential Culture Kings stores in Australia, New Zealand and Las Vegas, and we recently committed to opening a Princess Polly store in 2023 to further build brand awareness. We believe we are building stores of the future that are experiential in nature and bring the brand to life through events and in-store activations. 
 Expand Product Categories and Offerings 
 We believe our brands are well positioned to grow by expanding product styles and entering new categories that are complementary to our brands current offerings. Our brands aim to identify trends and evaluate opportunities leveraging digital capabilities, data-driven insights and a test-and-repeat merchandising model. We believe our brands have a significant opportunity to expand product ranges, increase average order value and broaden customer reach. For example, Princess Polly launched their extended size collection, Curve, and expanded upon their sustainably-made Low Impact assortment in 2022. Additionally, in December of 2021, we acquired a print shop in California to create exclusive printed tees for our brands. In 2022, Culture Kings expanded their licensed business of printed tees and Princess Polly and mnml recently began using the facility to create printed tees. We intend to continue to increase our mix of owned brands and exclusive offerings, which we believe generate higher margins and drive traffic to our websites. 
 Increase Loyalty and Wallet Share 
 We intend to deepen customer relationships to improve customer retention and increase wallet share. We aim to achieve this by enhancing our user experience, improving engagement, refining our customer segmentation, increasing personalization, launching loyalty programs across our brands and constantly introducing new styles, designer collaborations and exclusive items. Our authentic content and steady stream of new styles encourages deep connections with new and existing customers, resulting in an attractive customer lifetime value. 
 Grow Internationally 
 We intend to leverage the strength of our brands and our ability to connect with customers to expand into new international markets beyond our core U.S. and Australian markets. Net sales to customers outside of the U.S. and Australia was 71.8 million across 184 countries and territories and represented 12 of total sales in 2022. 
 We will continue to target markets that demonstrate strong social and digital media usage. As part of our long-term strategy, we have identified several markets in which we believe we can introduce one or more of our brands in the future, such as expanding Culture Kings in Korea and Japan and Princess Polly in Canada, Europe and the U.K. Additionally, we plan to enter into key markets through strategic wholesale partnerships. We believe our experience growing the Princess Polly and Petal Pup brands in the U.S. creates a proven roadmap to help us introduce our brands globally. 
 Grow Through Acquisitions 
 We employ a corporate development team dedicated to the identification, evaluation and acquisition of brands, and we maintain a strong pipeline of potential targets which typically includes multiple acquisition opportunities at differing stages of evaluation. 
 We seek next-generation brands with strong customer followings and a proven track record of operating profitably but need help scaling to further accelerate their growth. We look for talented and passionate teams who have proven abilities to leverage data, technology and content to grow. We seek asset-light brands that have the potential to benefit from the a.k.a. expertise and resources. We look for brands with similar operating and financial characteristics as our existing brands. We are continuously evaluating opportunities for such acquisitions. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Continue to Drive Efficiencies 
 As we continue to scale organically and through acquisitions, we aim to improve operational performance across our portfolio and enhance profitability. We will also look for ways to reduce our input costs by leveraging our collective scale to negotiate improved terms with suppliers and vendors, including for raw materials, freight and shipping. As our brands grow and gain scale, we intend to invest in automation and process improvement within our operations to drive lower variable costs and improved profitability. 
 Our Industry 
 We primarily operate in the large and growing global apparel, footwear and accessories industry. According to Statista, a platform specialized in market and consumer data, the global apparel market grew to 1.5 trillion in 2021 and the global footwear market was valued at 382 billion in 2022. Although 2021 and 2022 retail sales were negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and macro-economic factors, the global apparel and footwear market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 12.8 between 2023 to 2028. Though we ship our products globally, we operate primarily in two geographies: the U.S. and Australia. The U.S. had the largest apparel market of any country, expecting to grow to an estimated 343 billion in 2023 and grow at a 2.0 CAGR from 2023 to 2027. The Australian apparel market is expecting to grow to an estimated 20 billion in 2023 and grow at a 2.0 CAGR from 2023 to 2027. We believe the key factors driving growth within the global apparel, footwear and accessories industry include favorable demographic trends and desire for constant newness. 
 Apparel, Footwear and Accessories Shopping Has Been Growing Online 
 Consumers are increasingly turning to online channels to make purchases, driven by the growing Millennial and Gen Z populations and the increasing influence of social and digital media channels. According to BigCommerce, the U.S. online apparel, footwear and accessories market was valued at approximately 180 billion in 2021, and is expected to have reached 205 billion in 2022. 
 Digital-Savvy Millennial and Gen Z Consumers Seeking the Next-Generation Shopping Experience 
 According to data from the United Nations, Millennial and Gen Z consumers, our primary target demographic today, account for 23 and 32 of the global population, respectively, making them a large and growing demographic group with significant economic influence. In addition, in the U.S., a content consumption study found that Millennials are the biggest users of social media with as many as 84 using at least one social network, while Gen Z consumers are the most digitally native with 98 of them owning a smartphone and spending an average of four hours on apps each day. 
 Technology Infrastructure 
 Our brands are built on a modern, flexible and scalable technology infrastructure which leverages a broad network of best-in-class, third-party technology providers. We then combine that customized presentation layer with the backend engine from Shopify, which is a proven and industry leading eCommerce solution. By pairing our own in-house technology with cloud software, we have been able to create a differentiated user experience that we can adjust as necessary while also leveraging engineering talent from some of the best SaaS companies in the world to scale rapidly and efficiently. Our cloud-based, SaaS native strategy allows us to adopt innovative, dynamic technology and capabilities with limited upfront investment and nimbly adopt market-leading technologies as they are introduced. We consider this to be a key differentiating factor compared to traditional retail proprietary technology stacks and for which switching to a more agile cloud-based SaaS solution could be too costly and risky. 
 Our technology infrastructure integrates seamlessly across our organization, connecting in a way that allows constant iteration and improvement. We leverage highly customizable solutions to provide customers optimal improved experiences, while limiting the costs and time required of custom bespoke solutions. This approach allows us to easily test new capabilities on a limited and low-cost basis, analyze and learn from the results, and then roll out more broadly if successful. We are leveraging our technology infrastructure to accelerate our scale and growth and drive efficiencies in areas spanning marketing, merchandising, customer experience, supply chain, operations and administration. 
 Sourcing 
 We source our products from a network of international suppliers. Our supplier base included 311 suppliers across 10 different countries as of December 31, 2022. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We have strong long-term relationships with our manufacturers, but we do not have any long-term commitments requiring us to purchase minimum volumes from any supplier or manufacturer. We seek to leverage our collective scale and use the same suppliers for our brands, where possible, in order to obtain more favorable terms from our suppliers. Our network of third party suppliers allows us to be capital efficient and nimble, giving us the ability to move new designs we receive from our suppliers into production and then into inventory in as few as 30 to 45 days for the majority of our inventory, as compared to up to nine months for traditional apparel brands. 
 We strategically establish sourcing relationships to ensure a constant supply of high quality, low cost inventory with a number of our suppliers exclusively manufacturing for our brands. Although we have our own design team, a number of suppliers have the capability to produce concepts and designs with no obligation for our brands to purchase. With less seasonal demand for our products, we offer our manufacturing partners predictable and consistent growth in inventory purchases throughout the year. 
 People Culture 
 We promote a holistic approach to building our team and have created a culture that is inclusive, diverse and high performing. We seek out and hire team members who bring specialized, functional expertise while able to collaborate effectively across brands, functions and geographies. Our culture is fast-paced, promotes accountability, empowers team members to drive the business forward daily, stresses a bias toward action and embraces the individuality of each team member. 
 Attracting, motivating and retaining passionate talent at all levels is vital to continuing our success. We actively look for talented people across multiple geographies and promote a work from anywhere approach, which allows us to maintain a lean physical footprint and employ offices as team collaboration hubs. We continuously work to improve the team member experience to drive retention and engagement. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. While each of our brands celebrates its own unique culture and brand values, we collectively embrace a next-generation mindset: 
 We are customer-led; focusing relentlessly on delivering a high-quality customer experience, 
 We move fast; executing on innovative ideas swiftly, 
 We are data driven; using data and analytics to make smarter decisions every day, 
 We are growth minded; testing and learning continuously in and across our brands, 
 We are diverse; celebrating and expanding the diversity of our customers and teams, 
 We act with integrity and practice responsible fashion; when in doubt, we resort to the high standard. 
 As of December 31, 2022, across a.k.a. Brands, we had more than 1,000 full- and part-time employees. The majority of our workforce is located in Australia, with the remaining employees located throughout the United States. On a limited basis, we may use temporary personnel to supplement our workforce as business needs arise. 
 Sustainability and Responsible Fashion 
 a.k.a. Brands promotes sustainable, responsible and inclusive fashion and does so by focusing on four key areas: ethical sourcing, sustainability, environment and equality community. 
 Ethical Sourcing 
 We aim to promote a safe and respectful environment for workers who make our products and protect their human rights. For example, in 2022, Princess Polly maintained valid ethical manufacturing audits for 100 of final stage production, or tier one production, and packaging production sites, while completing the tracing of 100 of their suppliers, or tier two supply chain. With global traveling reopening, Princess Polly was able to visit a significant number of sites in India and China, while also engaging an on-ground ethical sourcing resource in China. The suite of tools to support factory managers and empower workers has also been improved, piloting e-learning for managers and grievance hotlines accessible to workers. Princess Polly is the leader on ethical sourcing in our portfolio and amongst their digitally native brand peers, and we will leverage their best practices and apply them to the rest of our portfolio. We are devoted to making continual progress towards our commitments and being transparent along the way. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Sustainability 
 We are making on-trend fashion more sustainable and accessible to everyone by transitioning our products to be made with lower environmental impact. Presently, 20 of Princess Polly s product range is made from verified lower-impact materials, including organic, recycled, water-based or forest-friendly alternatives to conventional materials. Princess Polly has also introduced recycled nylon basics and recycled sequin party styles. We are aiming to have over 40 of our products made with lower-impact materials by the end of 2023. 
 Environment 
 We are committed to protecting the planet by promoting circularity and improving the environmental impact of our packaging, business operations and factories. Our business model limits the planetary burden of overproduction. Our real-time, demand-driven and automated ordering system allows production to track demand as accurately as possible. This high velocity, low waste strategy allows us to avoid unnecessary production. As members of the United Nations Fashion Industry Charter for Climate Action, Princess Polly committed to setting science-based targets inline with a 1.5 degree temperature rise. Princess Polly also reduced the absolute impact of their upstream transport by 41 from 2021, and offset all emissions from global facilities. Princess Polly is aiming to be carbon neutral by 2030. 
 Equality Community 
 We are committed to instilling an inclusive culture and promoting diversity across our brands. As such, we aim to represent the diversity of our customers in our marketing and offer the right product to serve their unique demand. Our brands Culture Kings and mnml both address men s fashion, both of which are traditionally underserved yet fast-growing markets. 56 of Culture Kings customers are men. 
 Competition 
 The online and offline retail markets generally are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. We face significant competition from eCommerce websites, including apparel- and accessories-oriented eCommerce websites as well as the eCommerce websites of traditional retailers. We also face competition from direct-from-manufacturer retailers and in-person stores and boutiques, including traditional retailers and fashion boutiques. 
 We compete based on product selection, differentiation, exclusivity, brand quality and strength of customer relationships, relevance, convenience, ease of use and consumer experience, including order fulfillment and shipping timelines. We believe we compete favorably across these factors taken as a whole. 
 Seasonality 
 Historically, we have achieved our largest quarterly revenues in the fourth fiscal quarter. However, as our expansion into the U.S. market continues, our quarterly revenues are less concentrated in the fourth fiscal quarter. In fiscal year 2022, our net revenues in the first, second, third and fourth quarters represented 24 , 26 , 25 and 24 , respectively, of our total net sales for the year. In fiscal year 2021, our net revenues in the first, second, third and fourth quarters represented 12 , 27 , 29 and 32 , respectively, of our total net sales for the year. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We primarily protect our intellectual property through the trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of Australia and the United States. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 496 trademark registration and approximately 83 Internet domain names. Although we have not sought copyright registration for our technology or works to date, we rely on common law copyright and trade secret protections in relation to our proprietary technology, products and the content displayed on our websites, including our photography and fabric prints that we design. Our trademarks, including domain names, are material to our business and brand identity. 
 In addition to the protections provided by our intellectual property rights, we enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors and business partners. We further control the use of our technology and intellectual property through provisions in both our client terms of use on our website and in our vendor terms and conditions. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulation 
 Our business is subject to a number of domestic and foreign laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. These laws and regulations include federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations (including the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union), which address, among other things, the processing of payments, privacy, data protection, information security, sending of commercial email and other laws regarding unfair and deceptive trade practices. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing the accessibility of our websites, including under the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
 Our business is also subject to additional laws and regulations, including restrictions on imports from, exports to, and services provided to persons located in certain countries and territories, as well as foreign laws and regulations addressing topics such as advertising and marketing practices, customs duties and taxes and consumer rights, any of which might apply by virtue of our operations in foreign countries and territories or our contacts with consumers in such foreign countries and territories. 
 In addition, apparel, shoes and accessories sold by us are also subject to regulation by governmental agencies in Australia, New Zealand and the United States, as well as various other federal, state, local and foreign regulatory authorities. These laws and regulations principally relate to the materials, proper labeling, advertising, marketing, manufacture, licensing requirements, flammability testing, safety, shipment and disposal of our products. We are also subject to laws, rules and regulations relating to the operations of our stores and warehouses. 
 We are also subject to environmental laws, rules and regulations. Similarly, apparel, shoes and accessories sold by us are also subject to import regulations in the United States and other countries concerning the use of wildlife products for commercial and non-commercial trade. We do not estimate any significant capital expenditures for environmental control matters either in the current fiscal year or in the near future. 
 For more information about laws and regulations applicable to our business, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Laws and Regulation. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operation or cash flows could be materially adversely affected and the factors that we identify as risks to a particular aspect of our business could materially affect another aspect of our business or the company as a whole. The risks below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial may also materially affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operation or cash flows. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The following summarizes some of the key risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect us. This summary should be read together with the more detailed description of each risk factor below. 
 Economic downturns and market conditions could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and growth prospects; 
 Changes in the political and economic policies of the Chinese government or in relations between China and the United States may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our common stock; 
 Rapidly-changing consumer preferences in the apparel, footwear and accessories industries expose us to the risk of lost sales, harmed customer relationships and diminished brand loyalty if we are unable to anticipate such changes; 
 Our future revenues and operating results will be harmed if we fail to acquire new customers, retain existing customers, and maintain average order value levels; 
 We face risks related to our growth strategy if we are unsuccessful in identifying brands to acquire, integrate and manage on our platform; 
 Our business and the success of our products could be harmed if we are unable to maintain our corporate integrity or the images and reputations of our brands; 
 Our use of third-party suppliers and manufacturers that are primarily based in China exposes us to risks inherent in doing business there; 
 We face risks to our operating results if we fail to manage our inventory effectively; 
 Increases in labor costs, including wages, and fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of raw materials and finished goods could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 Changes in laws or regulations relating to data privacy and security that are applied adversely to us may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows; 
 Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial condition; and 
 We face risks related to our debt covenants if we fail to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Strategy 
 Economic downturns and market conditions beyond our control, including periods of inflation, could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 Our business depends on global economic conditions and their impact on consumer discretionary spending. Some of the factors that may negatively influence consumer spending include inflationary pressure; high levels of unemployment; higher consumer debt levels; reductions in net worth; declines in asset values and related market uncertainty; home foreclosures and reductions in home values; fluctuating interest rates and credit availability; fluctuating fuel and other energy costs; fluctuating commodity prices; and general uncertainty regarding the overall future political and economic environment. Global economic conditions may continue to be uncertain, and the potential impacts of increasing inflation in the United States our largest market remain unknown, making trends in consumer demand unpredictable. Inflation has the potential to adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the prices we charge our customers. The existence of inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, shipping costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. As a result of inflation, we have experienced and may continue to experience cost increases. In addition, adverse economic and market conditions, including a potential recession, may negatively impact market sentiment, decreasing the demand for apparel, which would adversely affect our operating income and results of operations. All of these factors have contributed, and may continue to contribute, to reduced orders, increased merchandise returns, lower net sales, lower gross margins, reduced effectiveness of marketing and increased inventories. If we are unable to take effective measures in a timely manner to mitigate the impact of the inflation as well as a potential recession, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including the merchandise that we offer, generally decline during recessionary periods, periods of inflation or periods of economic uncertainty, when disposable income is reduced or when there is a reduction in consumer confidence. Economic downturns or unstable market conditions may also cause customers to decrease their budgets, which could reduce their spending on our products and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Economic conditions in certain regions may also be affected by natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, earthquakes and wildfires; public health crises; and other major unforeseen events. As we explore new countries to expand our business, economic downturns or unstable market conditions in any of those countries could result in our investments not yielding the returns we anticipate. 
 Because our third-party suppliers and manufacturers are primarily based in China, in addition to the risks inherent in doing business in China, changes in the political and economic policies of the Chinese government or in relations between China and the United States may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our common stock. 
 We use third-party suppliers and manufacturers based primarily in China. We use only a limited number of suppliers and we may have greater risks than our peers due to the concentration of our suppliers and manufacturers in China. This sourcing concentration increases our dependence of these suppliers and exposes us to the risks of doing business in China, which means that our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be influenced to a significant degree by economic, political, legal and social conditions in China or changes in government relations between China and the United States or other governments, including Australia. There is significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and China with respect to taxation, trade policies, treaties, government regulations, import and export tariffs, custom duties, environmental regulations, intellectual property and other matters. China s economy differs from the economies of developed countries in many respects, including with respect to the amount of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. 
 Further, with the rapid development of the Chinese economy, the cost of labor has increased and may continue to increase in the future. Our results of operations will be materially and adversely affected if the labor costs of our third-party suppliers increase significantly. In addition, our suppliers may not be able to find a sufficient number of qualified workers due to the intensely competitive and fluid market for skilled labor in China. 
 In addition, we may not obtain or retain the requisite legal permits to continue to operate in China, and costs or operational limitations may be imposed in connection with obtaining and complying with such permits. In addition, Chinese trade regulations are in a state of flux, and we may become subject to other forms of taxation, tariffs and duties in these jurisdictions. Furthermore, the third parties we rely on in China may disclose our confidential information or intellectual property to competitors or third parties, which could result in the illegal distribution and sale of counterfeit versions of our products. If any of these events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

The apparel, footwear and accessories industries are subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences, and if we do not accurately anticipate and promptly respond to changes in consumer preferences, we could lose sales, our relationships with customers could be harmed and our brand loyalty could be diminished. 
 The apparel, footwear and accessories industries are subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and tastes, which can make it difficult to anticipate demand for our products and forecast our financial results. We believe there are many factors that may affect the demand for our products, including: 
 seasonality, including the impact of anticipated and unanticipated weather conditions; 
 consumer acceptance of our existing products and acceptance of our new products, including our ability to develop new products that are private label or exclusive; 
 consumer demand for products of our competitors; 
 consumer perceptions of and preferences for our products and brands, including as a result of evolving ethical or social standards; 
 the extent to which consumers view certain of our products as substitutes for other products we manufacture; 
 publicity, including social media, related to us, our products, our brands, our marketing campaigns and our influencer endorsers; 
 the life cycle of our products and consumer replenishment behavior; 
 evolving fashion and lifestyle trends, and the extent to which our products reflect these trends; 
 brand loyalty; and 
 changes in consumer confidence and buying patterns, and other factors that impact discretionary income and spending. 
 Consumer demand for our products depends in part on brand loyalty and the continued strength of our brands, which in turn depend on our ability to anticipate, understand and promptly respond to the rapidly changing preferences and fashion tastes for apparel, footwear and accessories, as well as consumer spending patterns. As our brands and product offerings continue to evolve, it is necessary for our products to appeal to an even broader range of consumers whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty. For example, many of our products include a fashion element and could go out of style quickly. Furthermore, we are dependent on consumer receptivity to our new products and to the marketing strategies we employ to promote those products. Consumers may not purchase new models and styles of apparel, footwear and accessories in the quantities projected or at all. If we fail to predict or react appropriately to changes in consumer preferences and fashion trends or fail to adapt to shifting spending patterns or demand, consumers may consider our brands and products to be outdated or unattainable or associate our brands and products with styles that are no longer popular, which may adversely affect our overall financial performance. 
 If we fail to acquire new customers, or fail to do so in a cost-effective manner, we may not be able to increase net sales or maintain profitability. 
 Our success depends on our ability to acquire customers in a cost-effective manner. In order to expand our customer base, we must appeal to and acquire customers who have historically used other means of commerce in shopping for apparel and may prefer alternatives to our offerings, such as traditional brick-and-mortar retailers or the websites of our competitors. If we fail to deliver a quality online experience, or if consumers do not perceive the products we offer to be of high value and quality, we may not be able to acquire new customers. Our marketing strategy includes using social media platforms as marketing tools and maintaining relationships with social media influencers. As social media platforms continue to rapidly evolve and new platforms develop we must continue to maintain a presence on these platforms and establish a presence on new or emerging social media platforms. If marketing through social media influencers becomes less effective at engaging new customers, our ability to drive new growth may be negatively impacted, and marketing costs may increase materially, which would negatively impact sales and margins. We also seek to engage with our customers and build awareness of our brands through sponsoring unique events and experiences. These events may fail to promote awareness of our brands and products and may not generate a meaningful return on investment. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

We also acquire and retain customers through retargeting, paid search and product listing ads, affiliate marketing, paid social, personalized email marketing, SMS text and mobile push communications through our mobile apps. Search engines frequently change the algorithms that determine the ranking and display of results of a user s search and may make other changes to the way results are displayed, or may increase the costs of advertising, which can negatively affect the placement of our links and, therefore, reduce the number of our visits to our websites and social media channels, or make such marketing cost prohibitive. In addition, social media platforms typically require compliance with their privacy policies, which may be subject to change or new interpretation with limited ability to negotiate. If we are unable to cost-effectively use on-line marketing tools or if the social media platforms we use change their policies or algorithms, we may not be able to cost-effectively drive traffic to our websites, and our ability to acquire new customers could suffer. Conversely, if these on-line marketing tools are successful in driving traffic to our sites, they could cause the runaway promo code effect of pricing and promotional errors that are amplified by the wide dissemination to a larger consumer audience, which could adversely impact our operating results. If our marketing efforts are not successful in promoting awareness of our brands and products, driving customer engagement or attracting new customers, or if we are not able to cost-effectively manage our marketing expenses, our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to retain existing customers, or fail to maintain average order value levels, we may not be able to maintain our revenue base and margins, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 A significant portion of our net sales are generated from sales to existing customers, particularly those existing customers who are highly engaged and make frequent purchases of the merchandise we offer. If existing customers no longer find our offerings appealing, or if we are unable to timely update our offerings to meet current trends and customer demands, our existing customers may make fewer or smaller purchases in the future. A decrease in the number of our customers who make repeat purchases or a decrease in their spending on the merchandise we offer could negatively impact our operating results. Further, we believe that our future success will depend in part on our ability to increase sales to our existing customers over time, and if we are unable to do so, our business may suffer. If we fail to generate repeat purchases or maintain high levels of customer engagement and average order value, our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our business depends on effective marketing and high customer traffic. 
 We have many initiatives in our marketing programs, particularly with regard to our websites, mobile applications and our social media presence. If our competitors increase their spending on marketing, if our marketing expenses increase, if our marketing becomes less effective than that of our competitors, or if we do not adequately leverage technology and data analytics capabilities needed to generate concise competitive insight, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Among other factors, (1) a failure to sufficiently innovate or maintain effective marketing strategies and (2) U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that make it more difficult or costly to digitally market, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), may adversely impact our ability to maintain brand relevance and drive increased sales. See Risks Relating to Law and Regulation Changes in laws or regulations relating to data privacy and security, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations, or contractual or other obligations relating to data privacy and security, could lead to government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation or adverse publicity and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Merchandise returns could harm our business. 
 We allow our customers to return products, subject to our return policy. If the rate of merchandise returns increases significantly or if merchandise return economics become less efficient, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. Further, we may modify our policies relating to returns from time to time, which may result in customer dissatisfaction or an increase in the number of product returns. From time to time our products are also damaged in transit, which can increase return rates and harm our brand. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

We purchase inventory in anticipation of sales, and if we are unable to manage our inventory effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our business requires us to manage a large volume of inventory, including precise quantities across a large number of different products, effectively. We add new apparel, footwear and accessories styles to our sites every week, and we depend on our forecasts of demand to make purchasing decisions and manage our inventory of stock-keeping units, or SKUs. Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory is ordered and the date of sale. Demand may be affected by, among other things, new trends, seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, product defects, promotions, changes in consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to our products and other factors, including adverse macroeconomic conditions such as inflation, political instability and social unrest. Our customers may not purchase products in the quantities that we expect. 
 It may be difficult to accurately forecast demand and determine appropriate levels of product. We generally do not have the right to return unsold products to our suppliers. In addition, Culture Kings, whose inventory includes third-party products, may not be able to adjust its inventory rapidly. If we fail to manage our inventory effectively or negotiate favorable credit terms with third-party suppliers, we may be subject to a heightened risk of inventory obsolescence, a decline in inventory values and significant inventory write-downs or write-offs. In addition, if we are required to lower sale prices in order to reduce inventory levels or to pay higher prices to our suppliers, our profit margins may be negatively affected. Any failure to manage brand expansion or accurately forecast demand for brands could adversely affect our growth and our margins. 
 Privacy concerns and regulatory restrictions regarding the collection, use and processing of data could limit our ability to identify and respond to trends and to manage inventory. In addition, our ability to meet customer demand may be negatively impacted by a shortage in inventory due to reduced inventory purchases or disruptions in the supply chain due to a number of factors, including the COVID-19 pandemic. All of these challenges in our supply chain have affected, and may in the future affect, the quality of our products, the volume of refunds and returns, our brand reputation and our customers satisfaction and loyalty. 
 Our business depends upon sales of third-party merchandise, and our inability to procure sufficient quantities of third-party merchandise on favorable terms or at all could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and growth prospects. 
 Our profitability relies in part upon sales of third-party merchandise. Third-party merchandise may not continue to be available in sufficient quantities to meet our customers demand or at all or priced appropriately for us to continue to resell, including as a result of third-party brands increasingly limiting wholesale distribution and shifting to selling directly to consumers. Our reliance on third-party merchandise may heighten the risks we face with respect to inventory procurement, including supply chain challenges, relationships with suppliers, accounts receivable and related potential impairment charges. Failure to adequately address these and other risks and challenges relating to our third-party merchandise may harm our relationship with suppliers, consumers and merchants and adversely affect our business, operating results and growth prospects. 
 We may be unsuccessful in identifying brands to acquire and in integrating and managing our acquisitions and investments to expand the number of brands on our platform. 
 We have acquired five businesses to date, and we intend to acquire or invest in additional companies to increase the number of brands in our platform. Any such business acquisitions and investments could be significant and could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We regularly identify and evaluate potential business acquisitions and investments, and we typically have a pipeline of acquisition and investment opportunities of different stages of evaluation. There are numerous risks associated with our acquisition strategy, including: 
 our inability to identify appropriate candidates for acquisition; 
 competition for acquisition targets driving up purchase prices; 
 disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 
 problems retaining key personnel; 
 unanticipated operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquire or in which we invest; 
 risks of losing a target company s customer and other relationships; 
 the difficulty of completing acquisitions or investments and achieving anticipated benefits within expected timeframes, or at all; 
 16 

Table of Contents 

the difficulty of integrating acquired brands on our platform, and unanticipated expenses related to their integration; 
 the difficulty of integrating another company s accounting, financial reporting, management, information and data security, human resource and other administrative systems to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not successfully implemented; 
 losses we may incur as a result of declines in the value of an acquisition or an investment or as a result of incorporating its financial performance into our financial results, and our dependence on its accounting, financial reporting, systems, controls and processes; 
 the risks associated with businesses we acquire or invest in, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks our existing businesses face; 
 potential unknown, unidentified or undisclosed liabilities or risks associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest; and 
 for foreign transactions, additional risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, and the economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 
 We are constantly evaluating opportunities for such acquisitions in both the near- and long-term. We are not party to any definitive agreements in respect of any such acquisition targets, but it is possible discussions relating to one or more of these potential acquisitions could advance and it is possible we could sign or complete any such transactions shortly after we complete this filing. We cannot assure you that we will become a party to any definitive agreements to consummate a transaction, or that if we do become a party to such agreements that we will be able to close the transactions and acquire the relevant target company. 
 In order to fund future acquisitions or investments, we expect to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash or incur debt, which may only be available on unfavorable terms, if at all. Any such financing to fund future acquisitions or investments may change our leverage profile, potentially significantly. 
 In addition, any shares of our common stock or other equity linked securities that we issue in connection with an acquisition or investment could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of common stock, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock and result in significant dilution to your ownership interest. In addition, valuations supporting our acquisitions and strategic investments could change rapidly. We could determine that such valuations have experienced impairments or other-than-temporary declines in fair value which could adversely impact our financial results. We may record contingent liabilities and amortization expenses related to intangible assets as a result of acquisitions. Our growth prospects are dependent on our ability to identify and acquire additional brands and integrate them on our platform, and our failure to do so may negatively impact our future growth and, as a result, our results of operations. 
 Finally, any acquisitions we do make may cause large one-time expenses or create goodwill or other intangible assets that could result in significant impairment charges, such as the recent impairment charges related to the Culture Kings and Rebdolls reporting unit goodwill (see Note 6, Goodwill, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). We also make certain estimates and assumptions in order to determine purchase price allocation and estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If our estimates or assumptions used to value these assets and liabilities are not accurate, we may be exposed to losses that may be material. 
 We may not succeed in our growth strategy. 
 One of our key strategic objectives is growth, which we pursue organically and through acquisitions. In particular, we seek to grow by attracting new fashion brands to our platform, winning new customers to expand our market share, marketing our brands in new regions, building on economies of scale, leveraging our supply chain and information technology capabilities across our company, expanding our direct-to-consumer business and growing our eCommerce business. However, we may not be successful in growing our business. For example: 
 we may have difficulty growing our brands as demand falls in a challenging macroeconomic environment; 
 we may have difficulty completing acquisitions to expand our platform, and we may not be able to successfully integrate a newly acquired business or achieve the expected growth, cost savings or synergies from such integration, or it may disrupt our current business; 
 we may not be able to continue to evolve to meet our customers changing needs and expectations, and our existing customers may reduce their purchases of our products; 
 17 

Table of Contents 

we may not successfully expand our market share by winning new customers; 
 our brands may not be widely accepted in new countries or regions; 
 we may have difficulty recruiting, developing or retaining qualified employees; 
 we may not be able to manage our growth effectively, adapt our business model or develop relationships with customers or successfully operate our Culture Kings brick-and-mortar stores, including our first flagship U.S. Culture Kings store in Las Vegas, which exposes us to premises liability, such as slip and falls, and may subject us to greater potential labor union activity; 
 we may not be successful in securing wholesale partnerships or securing favorable terms; 
 we may not successfully identify the correct markets in which to open retail stores for our brands; 
 we may not be able to scale the abilities of our supply chain operations to meet increased consumer demand, and we may not be able to offset rising materials, procurement and shipping costs with pricing actions or efficiency improvements; 
 any new brands we acquire might cannibalize our existing brands and cause a decrease in sales of our existing brands; and 
 we may not be able to complete dispositions of nonstrategic assets in the future. 
 We are also required to manage numerous relationships with various suppliers, vendors and other third parties. Changes in our suppliers, vendor base, distribution centers, information technology systems or internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations. If we are unable to manage the growth of our organization effectively, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. If we fail to continue to develop and grow our business, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our growth plan contemplates expansion into new markets, and our efforts to expand may ultimately be unsuccessful. 
 Our growth plan includes introducing our brands globally, including in countries and regions where we have no or limited operating experience. Expanding into new countries and regions involves significant risk, particularly if we have no experience in marketing, selling and engaging with customers in the market. For example, we recently opened our first U.S. flagship store for our brand, Culture Kings, in Las Vegas, Nevada. There is no guarantee that the success of a brand in Australia will translate to the success of that brand in other countries, such as the U.S. Our efforts to expand into new countries and regions could fail for many reasons, including our failure to accurately or timely identify apparel trends in new markets, different consumer demand dynamics and lack of acceptance of new offerings by existing or new users, our failure to promote the new markets effectively or negative publicity about us or our new markets. In addition, these initiatives may not drive increases in revenue, may require substantial investment and planning and may bring us more directly into competition with companies that are better established, operate more effectively or have greater resources than we do. There is additional complexity associated with local laws, tariffs and shipping logistics in new countries where our brands do not have an established presence. Expanding into new markets will require additional investment of time and resources of our management and personnel. If we are unable to cost-effectively expand into new countries and regions, then our growth prospects and competitive position may be harmed and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may suffer. 
 We face risks from our international business. 
 Our current growth strategy includes plans to expand our digital marketing and grow our eCommerce and retail presence internationally over the next several years. As we seek to expand internationally, we face competition from more established retail competitors. Consumer demand and behavior, as well as cultures, and tastes and purchasing trends, may differ, and as a result, sales of our merchandise may not be successful, or the margins on those sales may not be in line with our expectations. Our ability to conduct business internationally may be adversely impacted by geopolitical (such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine or relations between China and Taiwan), economic, and public health events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the manner in which governments respond to such events, as well as the global economy. Any challenges that we encounter as we expand internationally may divert financial, operational and managerial resources from our existing operations, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Shipping is a critical part of our business and any interruptions in, or increased costs of, shipping could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We currently rely on third-party vendors for our inbound and outbound customer freight. If we are not able to negotiate acceptable pricing and other terms with these vendors or they experience operational problems or other difficulties, our customers experience could be negatively impacted. For example, shipping delays could delay delivery of products to our customers and increase the time it takes to process customer returns. Our ability to receive inventory and ship merchandise to customers may be negatively affected by weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, labor disputes, acts of war or terrorism, port closures, import and export tariffs, complex local laws and other factors. As a result of COVID-19 and other macroeconomic conditions, in 2021, we experienced meaningful delays and unpredictability with sea freight transportation, resulting in increased reliance on air freight transportation. Although we were able to begin using more sea freight transportation during 2022, we expect continued volatility in demand and prices for shipping services. While we have been able to offset increased shipping prices in the past to some extent, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to do so, or that prices for shipping services will not increase to a level that does not permit us to do so. In the past, strikes at and closures of major international shipping ports have impacted our supply of inventory from our vendors. We are also subject to risks of damage or loss during delivery by our shipping vendors. If our merchandise is not delivered in a timely manner or is damaged or lost during the delivery process, our consumers could become dissatisfied and cease purchasing our products, which would adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Our direct-to-consumer business model is subject to risks that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We sell merchandise direct-to-consumer through our eCommerce sites. Our direct-to-consumer business model is subject to numerous risks that could have a material adverse effect on our results. Risks include, but are not limited to, (i) resellers purchasing private label and exclusive merchandise and reselling it outside of authorized distribution channels, (ii) failure of the systems that operate our eCommerce websites, and their related support systems, including computer viruses, (iii) theft of customer information, privacy concerns, telecommunication failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, (iv) credit card fraud and (v) risks related to our supply chain and fulfillment operations. Risks specific to operating an eCommerce business also include (i) the ability to optimize the online experience and direct eCommerce channels to consumer needs, (ii) liability for copyright and trademark infringement, (iii) changing patterns of consumer behavior and (iv) competition from other eCommerce and brick-and-mortar retailers. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks might adversely affect our sales, as well as damage our reputation and brands. 
 Use of social media and influencers may materially and adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. 
 We use third-party social media platforms as, among other things, marketing tools. For example, our brands maintain Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, SnapChat and TikTok accounts. We also maintain relationships with many social media influencers and engage in sponsorship initiatives. As existing eCommerce and social media platforms continue to rapidly evolve and new platforms develop, we must continue to maintain a presence on these platforms and establish presences on new or emerging popular social media platforms. If we are unable to cost-effectively use social media platforms as marketing tools or if the social media platforms we use change their policies or algorithms, we may not be able to fully optimize such platforms, and our ability to maintain and acquire customers and our financial condition may suffer. Furthermore, as laws, regulations, policies governing platforms and public opinion rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms and devices, the failure by us, our employees, our network of social media influencers or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws, regulations and policies in the use of these platforms and devices or otherwise could subject us to regulatory investigations, class action lawsuits, liability, fines or other penalties and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our relationships with social media influencers and our sponsorship initiatives do not include any contractual commitments that they continue to be supportive of our brands or products, and there can be no assurance that they will continue to do so. For example, changes in fashion trends, consumer sentiment or public perceptions of our brands could adversely impact our relationships with social media influencers. Any negative publicity created by a social media influencer or participant in a sponsorship initiative who we formerly engaged or who is no longer supportive of our brands may reduce our sales, and may mean that we become more reliant on paid advertising and other paid promotions. The costs to enter into relationships with social media influencers or engage in sponsorship initiatives may also increase over time, which may also negatively impact our margins and results of operations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

In addition, an increase in the use of social media for product promotion and marketing may cause an increase in the burden on us to monitor compliance of such materials, and increase the risk that such materials could contain problematic product or marketing claims in violation of applicable regulations. For example, in some cases, the FTC has sought enforcement action where an endorsement has failed to clearly and conspicuously disclose a financial relationship or material connection between an influencer and an advertiser. We do not prescribe what our influencers post, and if we were held responsible for the content of their posts or their actions, we could be fined or forced to alter our practices, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Negative commentary regarding us, our products or influencers who promote our brands and other third parties who are affiliated with us may also be posted on social media platforms and may be adverse to our reputation or business. Influencers with whom we maintain relationships could engage in behavior or use their platforms to communicate directly with our customers in a manner that reflects poorly on our brand and may be attributed to us or otherwise adversely affect us. Any such negative commentary could drive large-scale social movements against us, our products, or our brands and result in customer boycotts. It is not possible to prevent such behavior, and the precautions we take to detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Consumers often value readily available information and may act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. The harm may be immediate, without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. 
 Our stock price has declined when our operating results have differed from our expectations or the expectations of securities analysts or investors. 
 We have failed, and in the future may fail, to achieve our projected results or to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors. Failure to meet such projected results or expectations has resulted in significant stock price declines, which do not necessarily correlate with the shortfall in our financial performance. Our short operating history as a holding company with a portfolio of newly acquired brands, our continuing evolution as we acquire and integrate brands and enter new markets, and general macroeconomic conditions have negatively affected our ability to forecast our consolidated operating results. If our future operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, or below any financial guidance we may provide to the market, our stock price may further decline. 
 Our operating results fluctuate from period to period. 
 Our business experiences seasonal fluctuations in shipping rates, consumer demand, net sales and operating income, with a significant portion of net income typically realized in the spring and summer seasons. Historically, and consistent with the retail industry, this seasonality also impacts our working capital requirements, particularly with regard to inventory. Any decrease in sales or gross profit during this period, or in the availability of working capital needed in the months preceding this period, could have a more material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations than in other periods. Seasonal fluctuations also affect our inventory levels, as we usually order merchandise in advance of peak selling periods and sometimes before new fashion trends are confirmed by customer purchases. We must carry a significant amount of inventory, especially before the holiday selling periods. We must also carefully plan our inventory around Chinese New Year when inventory supply is constrained and materials and inbound freight costs are higher. If we are not successful in managing our inventory or fail to execute on our strategy, we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of the excess inventory or we may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Certain of our key operating metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 We track certain key operating metrics using internal data analytics tools, which have certain limitations. In addition, we rely on data received from third parties, including third-party platforms, to track certain performance indicators. Data from both such sources may include information relating to fraudulent accounts and interactions with our sites or the social media accounts of our influencers (including as a result of the use of bots, or other automated or manual mechanisms to generate false impressions that are delivered through our sites or their accounts). We have only limited abilities to verify data from our sites or third parties, and perpetrators of fraudulent impressions may change their tactics and may become more sophisticated, which would make it still more difficult to detect such activity. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Our methodologies for tracking metrics may also change over time, which could result in changes to the metrics we report. If we undercount or overcount performance due to the internal data analytics tools we use or issues with the data received from third parties, or if our internal data analytics tools contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate or comparable with prior periods. In addition, limitations, changes or errors with respect to how we measure data may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our longer-term strategies. If our performance metrics are not accurate representations of the reach or monetization of our brand, if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics or the data on which such metrics are based, or if we can no longer calculate any of our key performance metrics with a sufficient degree of accuracy and cannot find an adequate replacement for the metric, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our business and the success of our products could be harmed if we are unable to maintain our corporate integrity or the images and reputation of our brands. 
 Our success to date has been due in large part to the growth of our brands images and our customers connection to our brands. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to changing consumer demands, the names and images of our brands may be impaired. Even if we react appropriately to changes in consumer preferences, consumers may consider our brands images to be outdated or associate our brands with styles that are no longer popular. 
 In addition, brand value is based in part on consumer sentiment about merchandise quality and corporate integrity, including our ability to operate responsibly through our commitment to responsible fashion and sustainability. A perception that introducing a high volume of styles and manufacturing and selling of fast fashion at scale results in lower quality or increased textile waste, or that we are not honoring our commitment to responsible fashion, could harm our reputation. Our reputation could also be adversely affected by negative consumer perception of our sourcing concentration in particular countries. 
 Negative perceptions of our product quality, product design, product components or materials or customer service could harm our brand loyalty and the value of our business. The unauthorized resale of our merchandise outside of approved distribution channels, sales of counterfeit items on third-party websites and similar deviations from the brand identity could negatively affect consumers perception of our products and harm our reputation. In addition, negative claims or publicity regarding us, our products, our brands, our marketing campaigns, or our influencer endorsers, could adversely affect our reputation and sales regardless of whether such claims are accurate. Social media, which accelerates the dissemination of information, can increase the challenges of responding to negative perceptions or claims. In the past, many apparel companies have experienced periods of rapid growth in sales and earnings followed by periods of declining sales and losses. Our businesses may be similarly affected in the future. In addition, we have sponsorship contracts with a number of influencers and feature those individuals in our advertising and marketing efforts. Failure to continue to obtain or maintain high-quality sponsorships and endorsers could harm our business. In addition, actions taken by social media influencers or celebrity endorsers that harm their own reputations could adversely affect the images of our brands by association. If consumers begin to have negative perceptions of our brands, whether or not warranted, our brand image would become tarnished and our products would become less desirable, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We could be required to collect additional sales taxes or be subject to other tax liabilities that may increase the costs our consumers would have to pay for our offering and adversely affect our operating results. 
 In general, we have not historically collected state or local sales, use or other similar taxes in any jurisdictions in which we do not have a tax nexus, in reliance on court decisions or applicable exemptions that restrict or preclude the imposition of obligations to collect such taxes with respect to online sales of our products. In addition, we have not historically collected state or local sales, use or other similar taxes in certain jurisdictions in which we do have a physical presence, in reliance on applicable exemptions. On June 21, 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court decided, in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. , that state and local jurisdictions may, at least in certain circumstances, enforce a sales and use tax collection obligation on remote vendors that have no physical presence in such jurisdiction. A number of states have already begun, or have positioned themselves to begin, requiring sales and use tax collection by remote vendors and/or by online marketplaces. The details and effective dates of these collection requirements vary from state to state. While we now collect, remit and report sales tax in all states that impose a sales tax, it is still possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that we have liability for previous periods for which we did not collect sales, use or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful it could result in substantial tax liabilities, including for past sales taxes and penalties and interest, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Our business is exposed to the risks of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Our international businesses operate in functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. A significant percentage of our total revenues (approximately 49 and 52 in 2022 and 2021, respectively) is derived from markets outside the U.S. Changes in currency exchange rates affect the U.S. dollar value of prices at which we purchase products and incur costs outside the U.S. In addition, for most of our brands, the majority of products are sourced from suppliers located in China. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our Australian businesses are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to U.S. dollars for inclusion in our financial statements. As a result, exchange rate changes between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our financial results. We expect that our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow as the relative contribution of our non-U.S. operations increases. 
 The effects of weather conditions, natural disasters or other unexpected events, including global health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may disrupt our operations and have a negative impact on our business. 
 The effects of global climate change, such as extreme weather conditions and natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects, or the occurrence of unexpected events including wildfires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, tsunamis and other severe hazards could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Extreme weather, natural disasters, power outages or other unexpected events could disrupt our operations by impacting the availability and cost of materials needed for manufacturing, causing physical damage and partial or complete closure of our manufacturing sites or distribution centers, loss of human capital, temporary or long-term disruption in the manufacturing and supply of products and services and disruption in our ability to deliver products and services to customers. These events and disruptions could also adversely affect our customers and suppliers financial condition or ability to operate, resulting in reduced customer demand, delays in payments received or supply chain disruptions. Further, these events and disruptions could increase insurance and other operating costs, including impacting our decisions regarding construction of new facilities to select areas less prone to climate change risks and natural disasters, which could result in indirect financial risks passed through the supply chain or other price modifications to our products and services. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption, both for our business (and many of customers and suppliers businesses) and the U.S. and global economy more generally. It has also, both directly and indirectly, led to significant operating challenges, including disruptions to our and our suppliers global supply chain and business operations, freight delays, increased labor shortages and logistical challenges. In response to the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, we modified our business practices, and may continue to be required to take further actions as required by the potential for new strains or outbreaks of the virus, additional government requirements or mandates or for any other reason that we may deem to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers or others in the communities in which we do business. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve. Consequently, further adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may occur, and may also exacerbate other risks and uncertainties described herein this Risk Factors section or elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 If we fail to retain key personnel, including our executive officers and the founders of our brand, or attract additional qualified personnel, effectively manage succession or hire, develop, and motivate our employees, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our success, including our ability to effectively anticipate and respond to changing style trends, depends in part on our ability to retain key personnel and attract additional qualified personnel for our executive team and on our merchandising, marketing and other teams. 
 We do not have long-term employment with any of our personnel, including our brand founders, and only have limited non-compete agreements for a term of fewer than three years. Senior employees, including our executive officers and the founders of our brands, have left us or taken medical absences in the past and others may leave us in the future, which we cannot necessarily anticipate and whom we may not be able to promptly replace. The loss or absence of one or more of our key personnel or the inability to promptly identify a suitable or temporary successor to a key role could have an adverse effect on our business. Further, if any of our brand founders or other key personnel leave to join or create competing brands, our business may suffer additional adverse consequences. We do not currently maintain key-person life insurance policies on any member of our senior management team or other key employees. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

On March 9, 2023, we announced that Jill Ramsey, our Chief Executive Officer, and our Board determined that Ms. Ramsey would take time to work through unforeseen medical issues. The Board also appointed Ciaran Long, our Chief Financial Officer, to serve as acting Chief Executive Officer on an interim basis. Any failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and a smooth transition could impact our business strategy, our relations with investors, suppliers and customers and affect employee morale. 
 We also face significant competition for personnel. To attract top talent, we have had to offer, and believe we will need to continue to offer, competitive compensation and benefits packages before we can validate the productivity of those employees. We may also need to increase our employee compensation levels in response to competition. We cannot be sure that we will be able to attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified personnel in the future, or that the compensation costs of doing so will not adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we may not be able to hire new employees quickly enough to meet our needs. If we fail to effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate new hires, our efficiency, ability to meet forecasts, and employee morale, productivity and retention could suffer, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our decentralized brand management structure could negatively impact our business. 
 We cannot be certain that our brand management structure will be adequate to support our operations as they expand. In order to maintain the identity of each of our brands, we utilize a decentralized brand structure which places significant control and decision-making powers in the hands of the management of each of our brands. This contributes to the risk that we may be slower or less able to identify or react to problems affecting key business matters than we would in a more centralized environment. The lack of timely access to information may also impact the quality of decision making by management. For example, our ability to coordinate and utilize resources depends on effective communications and processes among our brands. As a result, the ability to internally communicate, coordinate and execute business strategies, plans and tactics may be negatively impacted by our increasing size and complexity. Our decentralized organization can also result in our brands assuming excessive risk without appropriate guidance from our centralized legal, accounting, safety, tax, treasury and insurance functions. Future growth could also impose significant additional responsibilities on members of our senior management, and we cannot be certain that we will be able to recruit, integrate and retain new senior level managers and executives. To the extent that we are unable to manage our growth effectively or are unable to attract and retain additional qualified management, we may not be able to expand our operations or execute our business plan. 
 Increases in labor costs, fluctuations in wage rates and the price, availability and quality of raw materials and finished goods could increase costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Labor is a significant portion of our cost structure and is subject to many external factors, including unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage laws, potential collective bargaining arrangements, health insurance costs and other insurance costs and changes in employment and labor legislation or other workplace regulation , including at the federal level and in California and a number of other states. As minimum wage rates increase or related laws and regulations change, we may need to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to our other hourly or salaried employees. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or if we fail to pay such higher wages we could suffer increased employee turnover. Increases in labor costs could force us to increase prices, which could adversely impact our sales. If competitive pressures or other factors prevent us from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in prices, our profitability may decline and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of fabrics, leather or other raw materials used by us in our manufactured products, or of purchased finished goods, could have a material adverse effect on our cost of goods sold or our ability to meet our customers demands. The prices we pay depend on demand and market prices for the raw materials used to produce them. The price and availability of such raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, including general economic conditions and demand, inflation, wage rates in China and other geographic areas where our suppliers are located, energy prices, weather patterns and public health issues. Increased demand for raw materials with a limited supply, such as sustainably harvested cotton, could negatively impact our ability to meet our customers demands for certain products. Similarly, a significant portion of our products are manufactured in China, and declines in the value of the U.S. dollar may result in higher reported procurement costs. In the future, we may not be able to offset cost increases with other cost reductions or efficiencies or to pass higher costs on to our customers. This could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

If we experience problems with our distribution and warehouse management systems, or if we do not successfully optimize, operate and manage the expansion of the capacity of our fulfillment centers, our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory, complete sales transactions and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies could be adversely affected. 
 In the U.S., we rely on fulfillment centers in California, which are operated by our third-party logistics provider, for all of our product distribution. Our fulfillment centers include computer-controlled and automated equipment and rely on a warehouse management system to manage supply chain fulfillment operations, which means their operations are complicated and may be subject to a number of risks related to cybersecurity, the proper operation of software and hardware, electronic or power interruptions or other system failures. In addition, because most of our U.S. fulfilled products are distributed from three primary fulfillment centers, our operations could also be interrupted by labor difficulties, or by floods, fires or other natural disasters near our fulfillment centers. We maintain business interruption insurance, but it may not adequately protect us from the adverse effects that could result from significant disruptions to our distribution system, such as the long-term loss of customers or an erosion of our brand image. Moreover, if we or our third-party logistics provider are unable to adequately staff our fulfillment centers to meet demand or if the cost of such staffing is higher than historical or projected costs due to mandated wage increases, regulatory changes, hazard pay, international expansion or other factors, our results of operations could be harmed. In addition, operating fulfillment centers comes with potential risks, such as workplace safety issues and employment claims for the failure or alleged failure to comply with labor laws or laws respecting union organizing activities. Our distribution capacity is also dependent on the timely performance of services by third parties, including the shipping of our products to and from our California distribution facilities. We may need to operate additional fulfillment centers in the future to keep pace with the growth of our business, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to locate suitable facilities on commercially acceptable terms in accordance with our expansion plans, nor can we assure you that we will be able to recruit qualified managerial and operational personnel to support our expansion plans. 
 We also anticipate the need to add fulfillment center capacity as our business continues to grow. If we add fulfillment and warehouse capabilities, add products categories with different fulfillment requirements or change the mix in products that we sell, our fulfillment network will become increasingly complex and operating it will become more challenging. The expansion of our fulfillment center capacity may put pressure on our managerial, financial, operational and other resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to locate suitable facilities on commercially acceptable terms in accordance with our expansion plans, nor can we assure you that we will be able to recruit qualified managerial and operational personnel to support our expansion plans. In addition, we may be required to expand our capacity sooner than we anticipate. If we encounter problems with our distribution and warehouse management systems, or if we are unable to secure new facilities for the expansion of our fulfillment operations, recruit qualified personnel to support any such facilities or effectively control expansion-related expenses, our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory and fulfillment capacity, complete sales transactions, fulfill orders in a timely manner and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies could be adversely affected, which could also harm our reputation and our relationship with our customers. 
 Our brand depends in part on our ability to promote responsible fashion from an ethically- and sustainably-sourced supply chain. If we are unable to do so, damage to our brand and reputation could result or we may fail to expand our brand which would harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our customers and employees are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance or sustainability practices. We will depend significantly on building and maintaining our brand and reputation for promoting responsible fashion from an ethically- and sustainably-sourced supply chain to attract customers and employees and grow our business. If we are unable, for instance, to prioritize transparency among our employees, appropriately enforce fair labor practices, obtain our materials from ethical and sustainable suppliers or reduce waste, our brand and reputation could be significantly impaired, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Customer values could shift faster than we are able to adjust our merchandise proposition. For example, weather impacts from global warming could continue to intensify and fuel increased customer sentiment for apparel that is more sustainably produced. While we are increasing our mix of sustainable fabrics, it may not be fast enough to keep up with a rapidly shifting customer sentiment and value system that is being accelerated by the impacts of global warming. If we are unable to evolve with our customers and employees expectations and standards, our brand, reputation and customer and employee retention may be negatively impacted. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Our balance sheet includes a significant amount of intangible assets and goodwill. A decline in the fair value of an intangible asset or of a business unit could result in an asset impairment charge, such as the recent impairment charges related to the Culture Kings and Rebdolls reporting unit goodwill. 
 Our policy is to evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill for possible impairment as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of each year, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of such assets may be below their carrying amount. In addition, intangible assets that are being amortized are tested for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. For these impairment tests, we use various valuation methods to estimate the fair value of our business units and intangible assets. If the fair value of an asset is less than its carrying value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the difference. 
 As part of the annual goodwill impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that the carrying value of our Culture Kings and Rebdolls reporting units exceeded their fair values as of October 31, 2022, and recorded a total non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 173.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The worsening economic trends in the fourth quarter of 2022, including continued inflation and rising interest rates, as well as unfavorable demand due to a gradual customer shift from primarily online shopping to a mix of online and physical store shopping led us to lower our forecasts and expectations for the Culture Kings and Rebdolls brands, driving the reduction in their fair values. 
 It is possible that we could have another impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets in future periods if (i) overall economic conditions in fiscal 2023 or future years vary from our current assumptions (including changes in discount rates), (ii) business conditions or our strategies for a specific business unit change from our current assumptions, (iii) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace, or (iv) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or of actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower comparable multiples of revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and, accordingly, lower implied values of goodwill and intangible assets. Any future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to Laws and Regulation 
 Changes in laws or regulations relating to data privacy and security, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations, or contractual or other obligations relating to data privacy and security, could lead to government enfo rcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation or adverse publicity and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We are, and may increasingly become, subject to various laws, directives, industry standards and regulations, as well as contractual obligations, relating to data privacy and security in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The regulatory environment related to data privacy and security is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible that they will be interpreted and applied in ways that may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In the U.S., various federal and state regulators, including governmental agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations concerning personal information and data security and have prioritized privacy and information security violations for enforcement actions. Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, all of which may complicate compliance efforts. For example, the CCPA, which increases privacy rights for California residents and imposes obligations on companies that process their personal information, went into effect on January 1, 2020. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and provide such consumers new data protection and privacy rights, including the ability to opt-out of certain data sharing arrangements of personal information, and the ability to access and delete personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. This private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. We are also subject to international laws, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions, which apply broadly to the collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal information , such as GDPR . 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Furthermore, in November 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ). Effective beginning January 1, 2023, the CPRA imposes additional obligations on companies covered by the legislation and will significantly modify the CCPA, including by expanding California residents rights with respect to certain sensitive personal information. The CPRA also creates a new state agency that will be vested with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and CPRA. Other jurisdictions in the U.S. have also adopted or are proposing privacy and data security laws that are similar or more restrictive than the CCPA, CPRA and GDPR, including t he Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, which became effective on January 1, 2023, and the Colorado Privacy Act and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, which were signed into law in July 2021 and March 2022, respectively, and will become effective in July 2023 and December 2023, respectively , further complicating the legal landscape. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states require businesses to provide notice to consumers whose personal information has been accessed or acquired as a result of a data breach, and, in some cases, provide notice to regulators. State laws are changing rapidly and there is discussion in Congress of a new comprehensive federal data privacy law to which we would become subject if it is enacted, which may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risks, require additional investment of resources in compliance programs, impact strategies and the availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs or changes in business practices and policies. 
 Although we are working to bring our data privacy and cybersecurity practices into compliance with the GDPR, CCPA and other privacy laws which apply to our business, we may not currently comply fully with all aspects of such laws. To the extent we are currently not in compliance with such laws, we may face increased legal, financial and regulatory risks. All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs, such as costs related to organizational changes, implementing additional protection technologies, training associates and engaging consultants, which are likely to increase over time. The burdens imposed by privacy and data security laws and regulations may also limit our ability to analyze customer data, reduce the efficiency of our marketing, lead to negative publicity or make it more difficult to meet expectations of or commitments to clients, any of which could harm our business. In addition, these laws could impact our ability to offer our products in certain locations. These costs, burdens, and potential liabilities could be compounded if other jurisdictions in the U.S. or abroad begin to adopt similar or more restrictive privacy and data security laws. Such restrictions may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, distract management or divert resources from other initiatives and projects, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with any applicable federal, state or foreign laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security, or even the perception that the privacy of personal information is not satisfactorily protected, could result in damage to our reputation and our relationship with our customers, as well as proceedings or litigation by governmental agencies or customers, including class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions, which could subject us to significant fines, sanctions, awards, penalties or judgments, any of which could result in costly investigations and litigation, civil or criminal penalties, operational changes and negative publicity that could adversely affect our reputation, as well as our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We depend upon third-party suppliers and manufacturers, making us vulnerable to supply disruptions and price fluctuations. 
 We rely on a number of third-party suppliers and manufacturers to provide our products, including one supplier that represents approximately 13 of our purchase orders. Our suppliers may encounter problems for a variety of reasons, including adverse macroeconomic conditions, unanticipated demand from larger customers, equipment malfunction, environmental factors and public health emergencies, any of which could delay or impede their ability to meet our demand. 
 Our reliance on these third-party suppliers also subjects us to other risks that could harm our business, including: 
 interruption of supply resulting from modifications to, or discontinuation of, a supplier s operations; 
 delays in product shipments resulting from errors in manufacturing, defects or reliability issues from suppliers; 
 inability to obtain adequate supplies in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms; 
 difficulty locating and qualifying alternative suppliers, especially with respect to our 13 supplier; 
 the failure of our suppliers to comply with regulatory requirements, which could result in disruption of supply or increased expenses; and 
 inability of suppliers to fulfill orders and meet requirements due to financial hardships. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to arrange for third-party supply or manufacturing of our products, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to complete development of, market and sell our current or new products. Failure to meet customer orders could result in loss of customers or harm our ability to attract new customers, either of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth. 
 Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial condition. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including but not limited to revenue recognition, leases, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, inventory, income taxes and litigation, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change or increase volatility of our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. Refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 Our business is subject to federal, state, local and international laws and regulations regarding consumer protection, promotions, safety and other matters. The costs of compliance with, or the violation of, such laws and regulations by us or by independent suppliers who manufacture products for us could have an adverse effect on our operations and cash flows, as well as on our reputation. 
 Our business is subject to federal, state, local and international laws and regulations on a wide range of consumer protection, promotion and pricing of merchandise, safety and other matters. The merchandise we sell to our customers is subject to regulation by the Federal Consumer Product Safety Commission, the FTC and similar state and international regulatory authorities. For example, the FTC labeling regulations require us to accurately disclose, on our website and on every item of apparel, the country of origin for each item and the materials used in its manufacture. We are subject to risks related to the interpretation of state and local laws and regulations governing the collection and remittance of sales and use taxes, and laws and regulations governing pricing, promotions and sales. We could be adversely affected by costs of compliance with or violations of those laws and regulations. In addition, we require third-party suppliers to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding working conditions, safety, employment practices and environmental compliance, which could increase our costs due to the costs of compliance by those contractors. Failure by us or our third-party suppliers to comply with such laws and regulations, as well as with ethical, social, product, labor and environmental standards, or related political considerations, could result in interruption of finished goods shipments to us, cancellation of orders by customers and termination of relationships. If one of our independent contractors violates labor or other laws, implements labor or other business practices or takes other actions that are generally regarded as unethical, it could jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions, including boycotts that may reduce demand for our merchandise. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. 
 Climate change and increased focus by governmental and non-governmental organizations, customers, consumers and investors on sustainability issues, including those related to climate change, may adversely affect our business and financial results and damage our reputation. 
 Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by climate change and the adoption of new climate change laws, policies and regulations. Growing concerns about climate change and greenhouse gas emissions have led to the adoption of various regulations and policies, including the Paris Agreement negotiated at the 2015 United Nations Conference on Climate Change, which requires participating nations to reduce carbon emissions every five years beginning in 2023. Climate change may impact our business in numerous ways. For example, governments may impose new taxes to finance efforts to reduce the impact of climate change, any of which may increase shipping and freight costs and prices for our products. We also face the risk that governmental or non-governmental organizations may increase their focus on the fashion sector and implement greater environmental regulation on the fashion sector in the United States or the fashion sector in other markets. For example, the fashion industry s process for dying fabrics uses large quantities of water, and the disposition of the waste water directly impacts the environment. Increased scrutiny and regulation of this practice may adversely affect our business. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods and other climatic events. Increased frequency of extreme weather could cause increased incidence of disruption to the production and distribution of our products and an adverse impact on consumer demand and spending. If any such climate changes were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes to U.S., Australian or international trade policy, tariff or import/export regulations or our failure to comply with such regulations may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in U.S., Australian or international social, political, regulatory or economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories or countries where we currently sell our products or conduct our business, as well as any negative sentiment toward the U.S. or Australia as a result of such changes, could adversely affect our business. The U.S. and Australian governments have from time to time instituted or proposed changes in trade policies that include the negotiation or termination of trade agreements, the imposition of higher tariffs on imports into the U.S. and Australia, economic sanctions on individuals, corporations or countries, and other government regulations affecting trade between the U.S., Australia and other countries where we conduct our business. It may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our business operations in order to adapt to or comply with any such changes. New tariffs and other changes in U.S. and Australian trade policy have in the past and could continue to trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, and certain foreign governments have instituted or could consider imposing retaliatory measures on certain U.S. and Australian goods. We, similar to many other multinational corporations, do a significant amount of business that would be impacted by changes to the trade policies of the U.S., Australia, and foreign countries (including governmental action related to tariffs, international trade agreements, or economic sanctions). Such changes have the potential to adversely impact the U.S. and Australian economy or certain sectors thereof, our industry and the global demand for our products, and as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our reliance on overseas manufacturing and supply partners, including vendors located in jurisdictions presenting an increased risk of bribery and corruption, exposes us to legal, reputational and supply chain risk through the potential for violations of federal and international anti-corruption law. 
 We derive a significant portion of our merchandise for our owned brands from third-party manufacturing and supply partners in foreign countries and territories, including countries and territories perceived to carry an increased risk of corrupt business practices. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. Likewise, the SEC, the U.S. Department of Justice, OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, as well as other foreign regulatory authorities continue to enforce economic and trade regulations and anti- corruption laws, across industries. U.S. trade sanctions relate to transactions with designated foreign countries and territories as well as specially targeted individuals and entities that are identified on U.S. and other government blacklists, and those owned by them or those acting on their behalf. Notwithstanding our efforts to conduct our operations in material compliance with these regulations, our international vendors could be determined to be our representatives under the FCPA, which could expose us to potential liability for the actions of these vendors under the FCPA. If we or our vendors were determined to have violated OFAC regulations, the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 or any of the anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in the countries and territories where we and our vendors do business, we could suffer severe fines and penalties, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation, bans on transacting certain business and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the costs we may incur in defending against any anti-corruption investigations stemming from our or our vendors actions could be significant. Moreover, any actual or alleged corruption in our supply chain could carry significant reputational harms, including negative publicity, loss of goodwill and decline in share price. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property Rights and Our Technology 
 We rely significantly on information technology. Any inadequacy, interruption, integration failure or security failure of this technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business. 
 Our ability to effectively manage and operate our business depends significantly on information technology systems. We rely heavily on information technology to enable, track and facilitate sales and inventory and manage our supply chain. We are also dependent on information technology, including the internet, for our direct-to-consumer sales, including our eCommerce operations and retail business credit card transaction authorization. Despite our preventative efforts, our systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to damage, failure or interruption due to viruses, data security incidents, technical malfunctions, natural disasters or other causes, or in connection with upgrades to our system or the implementation of new systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, difficulty in integrating new systems or systems of acquired businesses or a breach in security of these systems could adversely impact the operations of our business, including our reputation, management of inventory, ordering and replenishment of products, manufacturing and distribution of products, eCommerce operations, retail business credit card transaction authorization and processing, corporate email communications and our interaction with the public on social media. 
 A security breach or other disruption to our information technology systems could result in the loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized access of customer, supplier, or sensitive company information or could disrupt our operations, which could damage our relationships with customers, suppliers or employees, expose us to litigation or regulatory proceedings or harm our reputation, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business involves the storage and transmission of a significant amount of personal, confidential, or sensitive information, including the personal information of our customers, credit card information, the personal information of our employees, information relating to customer preferences and our proprietary financial, operational and strategic information. The protection of this information is vitally important to us as the loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized access of such information could lead to significant reputational or competitive harm, result in litigation involving us or our business partners, expose us to regulatory proceedings and cause us to incur substantial liabilities, fines, penalties or expenses. As a result, we believe our future success and growth depends, in part, on the ability of our key business processes and systems, including our information technology and global communication systems, to prevent the theft, loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized access of this personal, confidential and sensitive information, and to respond quickly and effectively if data security incidents do occur. As with many businesses, we are subject to numerous data privacy and security risks, which may prevent us from maintaining the privacy of this information, result in the disruption of our business and require us to expend significant resources attempting to secure and protect such information and respond to incidents, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The frequency, intensity, and sophistication of cyber-attacks, ransom-ware attacks and other data security incidents has significantly increased in recent years. As with many other businesses, we have experienced, and are continually at risk of being subject to, attacks and incidents. Due to the increased risk of these types of attacks and incidents, we expend significant resources on information technology and data security tools, measures and processes designed to protect our information technology systems, as well as the personal, confidential or sensitive information stored on or transmitted through those systems, and to ensure an effective response to any cyber-attack or data security incident. Whether or not these measures are ultimately successful, these expenditures could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations and divert management s attention from pursuing our strategic objectives. 
 In addition, although we take the security of our information technology systems seriously, there can be no assurance that the security measures we employ will effectively prevent unauthorized persons from obtaining access to our systems and information. Despite the implementation of reasonable security measures by us and our third-party providers, our systems and information are susceptible to physical or electronic break-ins, security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions of our employees, third-party service providers, contractors, consultants, business partners or other third parties, from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties (including the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of service attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information) or other data security incidents. These risks may be exacerbated in the remote work environment. In addition, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to information technology systems are constantly evolving and becoming more sophisticated, they may not be recognized until launched, and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including outside groups such as external service providers, organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments or agencies, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures in response. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Cyber-attacks or data security incidents could remain undetected for an extended period, which could potentially result in significant harm to our systems, as well as unauthorized access to the information stored on and transmitted by our systems. Even when a security breach is detected, the full extent of the breach may not be determined immediately. The costs to us to mitigate network security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant and, while we have implemented security measures to protect our systems, our efforts to address these problems may not be successful. Further, despite our security efforts and training, our employees may purposefully or inadvertently cause security breaches that could harm our systems or result in the unauthorized disclosure of or access to information. Any measures we do take to prevent security breaches, whether caused by employees or third parties, have the potential to limit our ability to complete sales or ship products to our customers, harm relationships with our suppliers or restrict our ability to meet our customers expectations with respect to their online or retail shopping experience. 
 A cyber-attack or other data security incident could result in the significant and protracted disruption of our business such that: 
 critical business systems become inoperable or require a significant amount of time or cost to restore; 
 key personnel are unable to perform their duties, communicate with employees, customers or third- party partners; 
 it results in the loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized access of customer, supplier or company information; 
 we are prevented from accessing information necessary to conduct our business; 
 we are required to make unanticipated investments in equipment, technology or security measures; 
 customers cannot access our eCommerce websites, and customer orders may not be received or fulfilled; 
 we become subject to return fraud schemes, reselling schemes and imposter sites schemes; or 
 we become subject to other unanticipated liabilities, costs or claims. 
 If any of these events were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and result in harm to our reputation. 
 In addition, if a cyber-attack or other data incident results in the loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized access of personal, confidential or sensitive information belonging to our customers, suppliers, or employees, it could put us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the deterioration of our customers confidence in our brands, cause our suppliers to reconsider their relationship with our company or impose more onerous contractual provisions and subject us to potential litigation, liability, fines and penalties. While we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of the losses and costs associated with cyber-attacks and data incidents, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses and would not, in any event, remedy damage to our reputation. In addition, we may face difficulties in recovering any losses from our provider and any losses we recover may be lower than we initially expect. 
 We are also reliant on the security practices of our third-party service providers, which may be outside of our direct control. The services provided by these third parties are subject to the same risk of outages, other failures and security breaches described above. If these third parties fail to adhere to adequate security practices, or experience a breach of their systems, the data of our employees, customers and business associates may be improperly accessed, used or disclosed. In addition, our providers have broad discretion to change and interpret the terms of service and other policies with respect to us, and those actions may be unfavorable to our business operations. Our providers may also take actions beyond our control that could harm our business, including discontinuing or limiting our access to one or more services, increasing pricing terms, terminating or seeking to terminate our contractual relationship altogether, or altering how we are able to process data in a way that is unfavorable or costly to us. Although we expect that we could obtain similar services from other third parties, if our arrangements with our current providers were terminated, we could experience interruptions in our business, as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging for alternative cloud infrastructure services. Any loss or interruption to our systems or the services provided by third parties would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Customer growth and activity on mobile devices depends upon effective use of mobile operating systems, networks and standards that we do not control. 
 Purchases using mobile devices by consumers generally, and by our customers specifically, have increased significantly in recent years, and we expect this trend to continue. To optimize the mobile shopping experience, we are dependent on our customers downloading our specific mobile applications for their particular device or accessing our sites from an internet browser on their mobile device. As new mobile devices and platforms are released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in developing applications for these alternative devices and platforms, and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support and maintenance of such applications. In addition, our future growth and our results of operations could suffer if we experience difficulties in the future in integrating our mobile applications into mobile devices, if problems arise with our relationships with providers of mobile operating systems or mobile application download stores, such as those of Apple or Google, if our applications receive unfavorable treatment compared to competing applications, such as the order of our products in the Apple App Store, or if we face increased costs to distribute or have customers use our mobile applications. We are further dependent on the interoperability of our sites with popular mobile operating systems that we do not control, such as iOS and Android, and any changes in such systems that degrade the functionality of our sites or give preferential treatment to competitive products could adversely affect the usage of our sites on mobile devices. In the event that it is more difficult for our customers to access and use our sites on their mobile devices, or if our customers choose not to access or to use our sites on their mobile devices or to use mobile products that do not offer access to our sites, our customer growth could be harmed and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. 
 If the use of cookie tracking technologies is further restricted, regulated or blocked, or if changes in technology cause cookies to become less reliable or acceptable as a means of tracking consumer behavior, the amount or accuracy of internet user information we collect would decrease, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 Cookies are small data files that are sent by websites and stored locally on an internet user s computer or mobile device. We, and third parties who work on our behalf, collect data via cookies that are used to track the behavior of visitors to our sites, provide a more personal and interactive experience and increase the effectiveness of our marketing. However, internet users can easily disable, delete and block cookies directly through browser settings or through other software, browser extensions or hardware platforms that physically block cookies from being created and stored. 
 Privacy regulations and policies by device operating systems, such as iOS or Android, restrict how we deploy our cookies and this could potentially increase the number of internet users that choose to proactively disable cookies on their systems. In the EU, the Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications requires users to give their consent before cookie data can be stored on their local computer or mobile device. Users can decide to opt out of nearly all cookie data creation, which could negatively impact our operating results. We may have to develop alternative systems to determine our consumers behavior, customize their online experience or efficiently market to them if consumers block cookies or regulations introduce additional barriers to collecting cookie data. 
 Third parties may claim that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights or those of others. Intellectual property-related litigation and proceedings are expensive and time consuming to defend, and, if resolved adversely, could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Intellectual property-related claims could also cause us to lose access to third-party service providers that we rely upon in the conduct of our business. 
 Our commercial success depends on our avoiding infringement, misappropriation or other violations of the intellectual property rights of third parties. We have in the past been, are currently and may in the future be subject to claims that some of our products are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the trademarks, copyrights, patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties, which could be costly to defend and require us to pay damages. Such claims may be made by competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties, including non-practicing entities with no relevant product revenue, and, therefore, our own intellectual property rights may provide little or no deterrence to these rights holders in bringing intellectual property rights claims against us. Additionally, some of our competitors have substantially greater resources than we do and are able to sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation to a greater degree and for longer periods of time than we could. Moreover, bringing or defending any such claim, regardless of merit, and whether successful or unsuccessful, could be expensive and time-consuming and have a negative effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. The outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain, and there can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained in all cases. Furthermore, an adverse outcome of a dispute may result in an injunction requiring us to cease the commercialization of our products and could require us to pay substantial monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a party s intellectual property rights. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Our liability insurance may not cover potential claims of this type adequately or at all. Further, we may be unable to successfully resolve these type of conflicts to our satisfaction and may be required to enter into costly license agreements, if available, pay significant royalty, settlements costs or damages or rebrand our products or be prevented from selling some of our products. The terms of such a settlement or judgment may require us to cease some or all of our operations or pay substantial amounts to the other party. Even if we have an agreement to indemnify us against such costs, the indemnifying party may be unable or unwilling to uphold its contractual obligations. In addition, we may have to seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of a third-party s rights. If we are required, or choose to enter into royalty or licensing arrangements, such arrangements may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all, and may significantly increase our operating costs and expenses. Such arrangements may also only be available on a non-exclusive basis, such that third parties, including our competitors, could have access to use the same intellectual property to compete with us. We may also have to redesign our products so they do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate third-party intellectual property rights, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time, during which our products may not be available for commercialization or use. Such outcomes would increase our operating expenses, and if we cannot redesign our products in a non-infringing manner or obtain a license for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we may be forced to limit our product offerings, which could decrease our sales, reduce our operating margins and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. 
 Additionally, such claims could result in third parties removing our allegedly infringed intellectual property, even if we are ultimately successful on the merit of the claims, in order to be shielded from legal liability under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act DMCA ). DMCA is intended, in part, to limit the liability of eligible service providers for caching, hosting or linking to, user content that include materials that infringe copyrights or other rights of others. Third parties that we rely upon in the operation of our business, including Shopify, our eCommerce and payments platform, rely on the protections provided by the DMCA in conducting their business. To protect their entitlement to the benefits of these protections, third parties, such as Shopify, have in the past threatened to deny us access to their services, and it is possible such third parties could deny us access to their services if we are alleged to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, whether such claims are founded or unfounded, and the loss of such access could materially adversely affect our business. The loss of services of any third party that we rely on could adversely impact our ability to carry on business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We could also be adversely impacted by future legislation and future judicial decisions altering the safe harbors of the DMCA or if international jurisdictions refuse to apply similar protections. 
 Failure to adequately establish, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights, or prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of such rights, such as by counterfeiting of our products, could reduce sales and adversely affect the value of our brands. 
 Our intellectual property is an essential asset of our business. Our business could be significantly harmed if we are not able to establish, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. We believe our competitive position is largely attributable to the value of our trademarks, trade dress, trade names, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights. For example, we rely on trademark protection to protect our rights to various marks as well as distinctive logos and other marks associated with our products and services. If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. Effective trademark protection may not be available or may not be sought in every country in which our products are made available, and contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. Further, at times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. Similarly, not every variation of a domain name may be available or be registered, even if available. The occurrence of any of these events could result in the erosion of our brands and limit our ability to market our brands using our various domain names, as well as impede our ability to effectively compete against competitors, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also rely on agreements under which we contract to own, or license rights to use, intellectual property developed by employees, contractors and other third parties. In addition, while we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties to protect our trade secrets, know-how, business strategy and other proprietary information, such confidentiality agreements could be breached or otherwise may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and know-how related to the design or manufacture of our products. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Similarly, while we seek to enter into agreements with all of our employees who develop intellectual property during their employment to assign the rights in such intellectual property to us, we may fail to enter into such agreements with all relevant employees, such agreements may be breached or may not be self-executing, and we may be subject to claims that such employees misappropriated relevant rights from their previous employers. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property will be adequate to prevent infringement, misappropriation or other violations of our intellectual property rights, that we have secured, or will be able to secure, appropriate permissions or protections for all of the intellectual property rights we use or claim rights to, or that third parties will not terminate our license rights. Furthermore, even if we are able to obtain and maintain any intellectual property rights, any such rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated. Any challenge to our intellectual property rights could result in our intellectual property rights being narrowed in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, we may lose an important advantage in the markets in which we compete. 
 Although we take aggressive legal and other actions to pursue those who infringe on our intellectual property rights, we cannot guarantee that the actions we take will be adequate to protect our brands in the future, especially because some countries laws do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. and Australian laws. For example, effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in some of the countries in which we operate. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property may also be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, particularly in such foreign countries where mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be weak. We may not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights, or pursue all counterfeiters who may seek to benefit from our brands. Furthermore, intellectual property laws and our procedures and restrictions provide only limited protection and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed or misappropriated. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, it would allow our competitors to sell products that are similar to and directly competitive with our products, which could reduce sales of our products. In addition, any intellectual property lawsuits in which we are involved could cost a significant amount of time and money and distract management s attention from operating our business, which may negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 The success of our brands has also made us the target of counterfeiting and product imitation strategies. We continue to be vulnerable to such infringements despite our dedication of significant resources to the registration and protection of our intellectual property and to anti-counterfeiting efforts worldwide. If we fail to prevent counterfeiting or imitation of our products, we could lose opportunities to sell our products to consumers who may instead purchase a counterfeit or imitation product. In addition, if our products are associated with inferior products due to infringement by others of our intellectual property, it could adversely affect the value of our brands and trademarks or trade names. 
 In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor for infringement and protect these rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets, which could be costly, time consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Any court decision or settlement that prevents trademark protection of our brands, that allows a third-party to continue to sell products similar to our products, or that allows a manufacturer or distributor to continue to sell counterfeit versions of our products, could lead to intensified competition and a material reduction in our sales. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to payments-related risks. 
 We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, credit accounts (including promotional financing), gift cards, direct debit from a customer s bank account, consumer invoicing and physical bank check. For existing and future payment options we offer to our customers, we currently are subject to, and may become subject to additional, regulations and compliance requirements (including obligations to implement enhanced authentication processes that could result in significant costs and reduce the ease of use of our payments products), as well as fraud. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. We rely on third parties to provide certain payment methods and payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, cryptocurrencies, and promotional financing. In each case, it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. Failure to comply with these rules or requirements could result in our being liable for card issuing banks costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and loss of our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Additionally, we have in the past incurred and may in the future incur losses from various types of fraud, including stolen credit card numbers, claims that a customer did not authorize a purchase, merchant fraud and customers who have closed bank accounts or have insufficient funds in open bank accounts to satisfy payments. Although we have measures in place to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent activity in our marketplace, those measures may not always be effective. In addition to the direct costs of such losses, if the fraud is related to credit card transactions and becomes excessive, it could potentially result in us paying higher fees or losing the right to accept credit cards for payment. In addition, under current credit card practices, we are liable for fraudulent credit card transactions because we do not obtain a cardholder s signature. Our failure to adequately prevent fraudulent transactions could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory action and lead to expenses that could substantially impact our operating results. 
 In addition, we provide regulated services in certain jurisdictions because we enable customers to keep account balances with us and transfer money to third parties, and because we provide services to third parties to facilitate payments on their behalf. Jurisdictions subject us to requirements for licensing, regulatory inspection, bonding and capital maintenance, the use, handling, and segregation of transferred funds, consumer disclosures, maintaining or processing data, and authentication. We are also subject to or voluntarily comply with a number of other laws and regulations relating to payments, money laundering, international money transfers, privacy, data protection, data security, network security, consumer protection, and electronic fund transfers. If we were found to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to additional requirements and civil and criminal penalties, or forced to cease providing certain services. 
 System interruptions that impair customer access to our sites or other performance failures in our technology infrastructure could damage our business, reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our sites, transaction-processing systems and technology infrastructure are critical to our reputation and our ability to acquire and retain customers, as well as maintain adequate customer service levels. 
 If the facilities where the computer and communications hardware are located fail, or if our partners suffer an interruption or degradation of services at our main facility, we could lose customer data and miss order fulfillment deadlines, which could harm our business. Our partners systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications or network failure, system malfunction, terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks, data loss, acts of war, break-ins, earthquakes and other natural disasters and similar events. In the event of a failure of our main facility, the failover to our back-up facility could take substantial time, during which time our sites could be completely shut down. Our partners back-up facilities are designed to support transaction volume at a level slightly above our average daily sales, but are not adequate to support spikes in demand. The back-up facilities may not process effectively during time of higher traffic to our sites, may process transactions more slowly and may not support all of our sites functionality. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

We rely on our partners who use complex custom-built proprietary software in our technology infrastructure, which they seek to continually update and improve. Our partners may not always be successful in executing these upgrades and improvements, and the operation of our systems may be subject to failure. In particular, our partners have in the past and may in the future experience slowdowns or interruptions in some or all of our sites when they are updating them, and new technologies or infrastructures may not be fully integrated with existing systems on a timely basis, or at all. Additionally, if our partners expand their use of third-party services, including cloud-based services, our technology infrastructure may be subject to increased risk of slowdown or interruption as a result of integration with such services and/or failures by such third parties, which are out of our and their control. Our net sales depend on the number of visitors who shop on our sites and the volume of orders we can handle. Unavailability of our sites or reduced order fulfillment performance would reduce the volume of goods sold and could also materially adversely affect consumer perception of our brand. Our partners may experience periodic system interruptions from time to time. In addition, continued growth in our transaction volume, as well as surges in online traffic and orders associated with promotional activities or seasonal trends in our business, place additional demands on our partners technology platforms and could cause or exacerbate slowdowns or interruptions. If there is a substantial increase in the volume of traffic on our sites or the number of orders placed by customers, our partners will be required to further expand, scale and upgrade their technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. There can be no assurance that our partners will be able to accurately project the rate or timing of increases, if any, in the use of our sites or expand, scale and upgrade our technology, systems and infrastructure to accommodate such increases on a timely basis. In order to remain competitive, our partners must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and features of our sites, which is particularly challenging given the rapid rate at which new technologies, customer preferences and expectations and industry standards and practices are evolving in the eCommerce industry. Accordingly, our partners redesign and enhance various functions on our sites on a regular basis, and we may experience instability and performance issues as a result of these changes. Any slowdown or failure of our sites and the underlying technology infrastructure could harm our business, reputation and our ability to acquire, retain and serve our customers, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for the losses that could occur. 
 Risks Relating to our Indebtedness 
 Any indebtedness we may incur in the future could adversely affect our business and growth prospects. 
 We entered into a credit facility concurrently with the completion of our initial public offering IPO in 2021. Any indebtedness we may incur under our credit facility, or any other indebtedness we may incur in the future, could require us to divert funds identified for other purposes for debt service and impair our liquidity position. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt, we may need to refinance our debt, dispose of assets or issue equity to obtain necessary funds. We do not know whether we will be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis, on terms satisfactory to us or at all. 
 Our credit facility, or any future credit facility or other indebtedness we may enter into, may have important consequences, including: 
 limiting funds otherwise available for financing our capital expenditures by requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flows from operations to the repayment of debt and the interest on this debt; 
 limiting our ability to incur additional indebtedness; 
 limiting our ability to capitalize on significant business opportunities; 
 making us more vulnerable to rising interest rates; and 
 making us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business. 
 Our level of indebtedness may place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that are not as highly leveraged. Fluctuations in interest rates can increase borrowing costs. Increases in interest rates may directly impact the amount of interest we are required to pay and reduce earnings accordingly. In addition, developments in tax policy, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for interest paid on outstanding indebtedness, could have an adverse effect on our liquidity and our business, financial conditions and results of operations. Further, our credit facility will likely contain customary affirmative and negative covenants and certain restrictions on operations that could impose operating and financial limitations and restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to enter into particular transactions and to engage in other actions that we may believe are advisable or necessary for our business. 
 We expect to use cash flow from operations to meet current and future financial obligations, including funding our operations, debt service requirements and capital expenditures. The ability to make these payments depends on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic, industry and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Despite current indebtedness levels and restrictive covenants, we may still be able to incur substantially more indebtedness or make certain restricted payments, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness. 
 We may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although the financing documents that govern our credit facility contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, these restrictions are subject to a number of important qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness and liens incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. 
 The financing documents that govern our credit facility permit us to incur certain additional indebtedness, including liabilities that do not constitute indebtedness as may be defined in such financing documents. We may also consider investments in joint ventures or acquisitions, which may increase our indebtedness. In addition, the financing documents that govern our credit facility do not restrict our Principal Stockholder from creating new holding companies that may be able to incur indebtedness without regard to the restrictions set forth in the financing documents governing our credit facility. If additional new debt is added to our currently anticipated indebtedness levels, the related risks that we face could intensify. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under such indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance outstanding debt obligations depends on our financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic, industry and competitive conditions and by financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a sufficient level of cash flow from operating activities to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on the our indebtedness. Any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which would also harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. Any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In the absence of such cash flows and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to sell material assets or operations to attempt to meet our debt service obligations. The financing documents that govern our credit facility include certain restrictions on our ability to conduct asset sales and/or use the proceeds from asset sales for general corporate purposes. We may not be able to consummate these asset sales to raise capital or sell assets at prices and on terms that we believe are fair and any proceeds that we do receive may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. If we cannot meet our debt service obligations, the holders of our indebtedness may accelerate such indebtedness and, to the extent such indebtedness is secured, foreclose on our assets. In such an event, we may not have sufficient assets to repay all of our indebtedness. 
 The terms of the financing documents that govern our credit facility restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 The financing documents that govern our credit facility contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests, including restrictions on our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness or other contingent obligations; 
 create or incur liens; 
 make investments, acquisitions, loans and advances; 
 wind up, consolidate, merge, liquidate or dissolve; 
 sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of our assets, including capital stock of our subsidiaries; 
 pay dividends on our equity interests or make other payments in respect of capital stock; 
 engage in transactions with our affiliates; 
 make payments in respect of indebtedness secured on a junior lien basis, unsecured indebtedness and subordinated debt; 
 modify organizational documents in a manner that is materially adverse to the lenders under the new credit facility; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

enter into burdensome agreements with negative pledge clauses or restrictions on subsidiary distributions; 
 materially alter the business we conduct; and 
 change our fiscal year. 
 The restrictive covenants in the financing documents governing our credit facility require us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy other financial condition tests. Our ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond our control. 
 A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the financing documents that govern our new credit facility could result in an event of default under such documents. Such a default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, which may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In the event the holders of our indebtedness accelerate the repayment, we may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness or be able to borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. Even if we are able to obtain new financing, it may not be on commercially reasonable terms or on terms acceptable to us. As a result of these restrictions, we may: 
 be limited in how we conduct our business; 
 be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic conditions; 
 experience business downturns; or 
 be unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 These restrictions, along with restrictions that may be contained in agreements evidencing or governing other future indebtedness, may affect our ability to grow in accordance with our growth strategy. 
 We may be unable to refinance our indebtedness. 
 We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness before maturity. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient funds to enable us to repay or refinance our debt obligations on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 Our failure to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in the future could reduce our ability to compete successfully and harm our results of operations. 
 We may need to raise additional funds, and we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms or at all. If we raise additional equity financing, you may experience significant dilution of your ownership interests. If we raise additional debt financing, we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, force us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios or restrict our ability to pay dividends or make acquisitions. If we need additional capital and cannot raise it on acceptable terms, or at all, we may not be able to, among other things: 
 invest in our business and continue to expand our sales and marketing efforts; 
 hire, train and retain employees; 
 respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements; or 
 pursue acquisition opportunities, including new brands, the inability of which could adversely impact the execution of our growth strategy. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Summit controls us, and its interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. 
 As of March 6, 2023, Summit beneficially owned approximately 56.3 of our common stock which means that, based on its percentage voting power, Summit controls the vote of all matters submitted to a vote of our Board or stockholders, which enables it to control the election of the members of the Board and all other corporate decisions. In addition, our bylaws provide that Summit has the right to designate the Chairman of the Board for so long as it beneficially owns at least 30 of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of our common stock then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. Even when it ceases to own shares of our common stock representing a majority of the total voting power, for so long as it continues to own a significant portion of our common stock, Summit will still be able to significantly influence the composition of our Board, including the right to designate the Chairman of our Board, and the approval of actions requiring stockholder approval. Accordingly, for such period of time, Summit will have significant influence with respect to our management, business plans, and policies, including the appointment and removal of our officers, decisions on whether to raise future capital and decisions on whether to amend our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which govern the rights attached to our common stock. In particular, for so long as Summit continues to own a significant percentage of our common stock, Summit will be able to cause or prevent a change of control of us or a change in the composition of our Board, including the selection of the Chairman of our Board, and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us. The concentration of ownership could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of common stock as part of a sale of us and ultimately might affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We entered into a Director Nomination Agreement with Summit that provides Summit the right to designate the following number of nominees for election to our Board: (i) all of the nominees for election to our Board for so long as Summit beneficially owns at least 40 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering, as adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, or similar changes in the Company s capitalization (the Original Amount (ii) a majority of the nominees for election to our Board for so long as Summit beneficially owns less than 40 but at least 30 of the Original Amount; (iii) 30 of the nominees for election to our Board for so long as Summit beneficially owns less than 30 but at least 20 of the Original Amount; (iv) 20 of the nominees for election to our Board for so long as Summit beneficially owns less than 20 but at least 10 of the Original Amount; and (v) one of the nominees for election to our Board for so long as Summit beneficially owns at least 5 of the Original Amount, which could result in representation on our Board that is disproportionate to Summit s beneficial ownership. 
 Summit and its affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in the services industry generally. In the ordinary course of their business activities, Summit and its affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or those of our other shareholders, such as investing in or advising businesses that directly or indirectly compete with certain portions of our business or are suppliers or customers of ours. Our certificate of incorporation provides that none of Summit, any of its affiliates or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his director and officer capacities) will have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. Summit also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, Summit may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. 
 An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 
 Although we have listed our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol AKA, an active trading market for our shares may not be sustained. A public trading market having the desirable characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends upon the existence of willing buyers and sellers at any given time, such existence being dependent upon the individual decisions of buyers and sellers over which neither we nor any market maker has control. The failure of an active and liquid trading market to continue would likely have a material adverse effect on the value of our common stock. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by issuing shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Our stock price has been volatile, and the market price of our common stock may drop below the price you pay. 
 Securities markets worldwide have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, has subjected the market price of our shares to wide price fluctuations regardless of our operating performance. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, many of which we cannot control, including those described under Risks Relating to Our Business and Strategy and the following: 
 changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our common stock, our failure to meet these estimates or failure of those analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our common stock; 
 downgrades by any securities analysts who follow our common stock or publications of these analysts of inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business; 
 future sales of our common stock by our officers, directors and significant stockholders; 
 market conditions or trends in our industry or the economy as a whole; 
 investors perceptions of our prospects; 
 announcements by us of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint ventures or capital commitments; and 
 changes in key personnel. 
 In addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation. 
 We are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting in order to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we fail to remediate our material weaknesses or if we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, meet our reporting obligations, or prevent fraud. Failure to comply with requirements to design, implement and maintain effective internal controls or any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our business and adversely impact investor confidence in us and, as a result, our stock price. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would cause the price of our common stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act SOX ), to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year that coincides with the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. We are required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. However, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of SOX until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act if we take advantage of the exemptions contained in the JOBS Act. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. 
 As previously disclosed, we have two unremediated material weaknesses in the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting initially identified in connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our evaluation was based on the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). 
 39 

Table of Contents 

The material weaknesses identified by management related to the following: 
 We have not sufficiently designed, implemented and documented internal controls at the entity level and across the key business and financial processes to allow us to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial reporting. 
 We have not designed and implemented controls to maintain appropriate segregation of duties in our manual and IT-based business processes. 
 Since identifying these material weaknesses, we have been, and are currently in the process of, remediating each of them. Although we plan to complete the remediation process as quickly as possible for each material weakness, we cannot at this time estimate when the remediation will be completed. 
 We cannot assure you that the measures that we have taken, and that will be taken, to remediate our material weaknesses will, in fact, remedy the material weaknesses or will be sufficient to prevent future material weaknesses from occurring. We also cannot assure you that we have identified all of our existing material weaknesses. In addition, prior acquisitions, such as the Culture Kings acquisition, and future acquisitions may present challenges in implementing appropriate and effective internal controls. Any future material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial statements. 
 Remediating material weaknesses will absorb management time and will require us to incur additional expenses, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our shares. In order to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, we will need to expend significant resources and provide significant management oversight. Developing, implementing and testing changes to our internal controls may require specific compliance training of our directors and employees, entail substantial costs in order to modify our existing accounting systems, take a significant period of time to complete and divert management s attention from other business concerns. These changes may not, however, be effective in establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls. 
 It is possible that, had we and our independent registered public accounting firm performed a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the provisions of SOX, additional material weaknesses may have been identified. 
 If either we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting or our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide us with an unqualified report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as required by Section 404(b) of SOX, investors may lose confidence in our reported financial information, the price of our common stock could decline and we may be subject to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. In addition, if we are unable to meet the requirements of Section 404 of SOX, we may not be able to remain listed on the NYSE. 
 The requirements of being a public company with common stock listed on the NYSE will increase certain of our costs and require significant management focus. 
 As a public company, we incur legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and SOX, the listing requirements of NYSE and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of our management s time and attention from sales-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and could have a material adversely effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Future sales of our common stock, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, may depress our stock price. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional shares. Certain holders of approximately 117,496,642 shares of our common stock have the right to require us to register the sales of their shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), under the terms of a registration right agreement between us and the holders of these securities. 
 In the future, we may also issue our securities in connection with acquisitions or investments. The amount of shares of our common stock issued in connection with an acquisition or investment could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 For as long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with certain reporting requirements, including disclosure about our executive compensation that apply to other public companies. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, (1) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of SOX, (2) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and (3) exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and of stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If we choose not to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of SOX, our auditors will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. As a result, investors may become less comfortable with the effectiveness of our internal controls and the risk that material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control go undetected may increase. If we choose to provide reduced disclosures in our periodic reports and proxy statements while we are an emerging growth company, investors would have access to less information and analysis about our executive compensation, which may make it difficult for investors to evaluate our executive compensation practices. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result of our taking advantage of these exemptions and as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 We could remain an emerging growth company until 2026 or until the earliest of (a) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenue exceeds 1.07 billion, (b) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and (c) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the preceding three- year period. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE and, as a result, we qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You will not have the same protections as those afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such governance requirements. 
 Summit controls a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the NYSE. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including: 
 the requirement that a majority of our Board consist of independent directors; 
 the requirement that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; 
 the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 
 the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees. 
 We rely on these exemptions. As a result, our Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may not consist entirely of independent directors and may not subject to annual performance evaluations. Accordingly, you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Anti-takeover provisions in our certificate of incorporation documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable. 
 In addition to Summit s beneficial ownership of 56.3 of our common stock as of March 6, 2023, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of the Company more difficult without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions: 
 authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include super voting and special approval, dividend or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of the holders of common stock; 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent at any time when Summit controls, in the aggregate, less than 35 in voting power of our outstanding common stock; 
 provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings; provided, however, at any time when Summit controls, in the aggregate, at least 10 in voting power of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, such advance notice procedure will not apply to Summit; 
 establish a classified board of directors, as a result of which our board of directors will be divided into three classes, with each class serving for staggered three-year terms, which prevents stockholders from electing an entirely new board of directors at an annual meeting; 
 provide that, at any time when Summit controls, in the aggregate, less than 40 in voting power of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, directors may only be removed for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class; 
 prohibit stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders; provided, however, at any time when Summit controls, in the aggregate, at least 35 in voting power of our outstanding common stock, special meetings of our stockholders shall also be called by our Board or the Chairman of our Board at the written request of Summit; and 
 require the approval of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding shares of our voting common stock to amend certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and for stockholders to amend our bylaws. 
 Our certificate of incorporation also contains a provision that provides us with protections similar to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), and prevents us from engaging in a business combination with a person (excluding Summit and its transferees) who acquires at least 15 of our common stock for a period of three years from the date such person acquired such common stock, unless board or stockholder approval is obtained prior to the acquisition. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the Company, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. 
 Any issuance of preferred stock could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock, which could depress the price of our common stock. 
 Our board of directors has the authority to issue preferred stock and to determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the rights of our common stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us, discouraging bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price, and adversely affect the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders and the federal district courts of the United States as the exclusive forum for litigation arising under the Securities Act, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or (4) any other action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that for the avoidance of doubt, the forum selection provision that identifies the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation, including any derivative action , will not apply to suits to enforce a duty or liability created by Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our certificate of incorporation also provided that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolutions of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder and our certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum and to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While there can be no assurance that federal or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court or determine that our federal forum provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of our federal forum provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. 
 Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder and our certificate of incorporation provides that neither the exclusive forum provision nor our federal forum provision applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought in federal court. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Our certificate of incorporation further provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of our certificate of incorporation described above. The forum selection clause in our certificate of incorporation may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers and may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. If the enforceability of our forum selection provisions were to be challenged, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such challenge. While we currently have no basis to expect any such challenge would be successful, if a court were to find our forum selection provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of these specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with having to litigate in other jurisdictions, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our employees, management, and board of directors. 
 Because we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you are able to sell your common stock for a price greater than your purchase price. 
 The continued operation and expansion of our business will require substantial funding. Accordingly, we do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, including those under our senior secured credit facility, any potential indebtedness we may incur, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, if you purchase our common stock, realization of a gain on your investment will depend on the appreciation of the price of our common stock, which may never occur. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

If securities or industry analysts cease to publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, the price of our common stock and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our Company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the price of our common stock or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, the price of our common stock could decline. 
 We are a holding company and conduct all of our operations through our subsidiaries. 
 We are a holding company and derive all of our operating income from our subsidiaries. All of our assets are held by our direct and indirect subsidiaries. We rely on the earnings and cash flows of our subsidiaries, which are paid to us by our subsidiaries in the form of dividends and other payments or distributions, to meet our debt service obligations. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments or distributions to us will depend on their respective operating results and may be restricted by, among other things, the laws of their jurisdiction of organization (which may limit the amount of funds available for the payment of dividends and other distributions to us), the terms of existing and future indebtedness and other agreements of our subsidiaries and the covenants of any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We lease two offices in Los Angeles, California, one office in Newark, New Jersey, three offices in Queensland, Australia, and our corporate headquarters is located at 100 Montgomery Street, Suite 1600, San Francisco, California 94104 (approximately 4,867 square feet). We lease and operate three distribution centers in Australia, but use third parties for distribution in the United States. The three distribution centers have lease terms expiring from July 2024 to January 2026. All have sufficient renewal periods. Culture Kings leases and operates seven physical retail stores in Australia, one in New Zealand and one in the United States. The nine retail stores have lease terms expiring from June 2023 to January 2033. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are subject to legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to these legal proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations and cash flows. While we currently believe that the ultimate outcome of such legal proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties. If an unfavorable ruling were to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our results of operations in the period in which the ruling occurs. The estimate of the potential impact from such legal proceedings on our financial position or results of operations could change in the future. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF SECURITIES 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock has traded on the NYSE under the symbol AKA since our initial public offering on September 22, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Stockholders of Record 
 American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC is the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. As of March 6, 2023, there were 10 stockholders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number and includes stockholders whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees, and stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any further determination to pay dividends on our capital stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. Our future ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock is limited by the terms of our senior secured credit facility and may be limited by any future debt instruments or preferred securities. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following shall not be deemed soliciting material or deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided by this Item 5, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph and table compare the cumulative total return on our common stock with that of the S P 500 Index and the S P Retail Select Industry Index during each monthly accounting period from September 22, 2021 (the date our common stock began trading on the NYSE) through December 31, 2022. The graph assumes 100 was invested in our common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the S P Retail Select Industry Index at the close of market on September 22, 2021, and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Company/Index 9/22/2021 12/31/2021 3/31/2022 6/30/2022 9/30/2022 12/31/2022 a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 100.00 92.59 44.24 27.63 14.51 12.71 S P 500 Index 100.00 105.86 101.00 84.73 80.60 86.69 S P Retail Select Industry Index 100.00 97.02 81.23 62.88 61.32 66.25 
 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
 Not required. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements because of various factors, including those set forth in the sections captioned Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our fiscal year ends on December 31. 
 
 Overview 
 a.k.a. Brands is a brand accelerator of fashion brands for the next generation. Each brand in the a.k.a. portfolio is customer-led, curates quality exclusive merchandise, creates authentic and inspiring social content and targets a distinct Gen Z and Millennial audience. a.k.a. Brands leverages its next-generation operating model to help each brand accelerate its growth, scale in new markets and enhance its profitability. 
 We founded a.k.a. with a focus on Millennial and Gen Z audiences who primarily find inspiration for fashion on social media. We have since built a portfolio of next-generation brands with distinct fashion offerings and consumer followings: 
 In July 2018, we acquired Princess Polly, an Australian fashion brand focusing on fun, trendy dresses, tops, shoes and accessories with slim fit, body-confident and trendy fashion designs. The brand targets a female customer between the ages of 15 and 25. 
 In August 2019, we acquired Petal Pup, an Australian fashion brand offering an assortment of trendy, flattering and feminine styles and dresses for special occasions. The brand targets female customers typically in their twenties or thirties, with more than 70 of customers between the ages of 25 and 34. 
 In March 2021, we acquired Culture Kings, an Australia-based premium online retailer of streetwear apparel, footwear, headwear and accessories. We acquired the remaining noncontrolling interest in tandem with our IPO. The brand targets male consumers between the ages of 18 and 35 who are fashion conscious, highly social and digitally focused. 
 In October 2021, we acquired mnml, a Los Angeles-based streetwear brand that offers competitively priced on-trend wardrobe staples. The brand targets male consumers between the ages of 18 and 35. 
 While we have owned Princess Polly and Petal Pup from before 2020, information presented hereafter on an across a.k.a. Brands basis assumes we also owned Culture Kings for all periods presented. We also owned Rebdolls for all periods shown, but subsequently sold the brand back to its original owner in February 2023. 
 Our annual financial results discussed below represent the consolidated results of Princess Polly, Petal Pup and Rebdolls for all years shown, results of Culture Kings operations from the date of their acquisition, March 31, 2021, and results of mnml s operations from the date of their acquisition, October 14, 2021. 
 Across a.k.a. Brands for 2022, we attracted over 3.8 million active customers (a 3 increase from 2021), received 7.4 million orders (a 14 increase from 2021) and had an average order value of 82. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 In September 2021, we completed an initial public offering (the IPO ), in which we issued and sold 10,000,000 shares of newly authorized common stock for 11.00 per share for net proceeds of 95.7 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 6.6 million, and offering costs of 7.7 million. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 As part of the annual goodwill impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company determined that the carrying value of its Culture Kings and Rebdolls reporting units exceeded their fair values and recorded a total non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 173.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 60.0 million of goodwill related to Culture Kings remained, while the goodwill related to Rebdolls was fully impaired. The worsening economic trends in the fourth quarter of 2022, including continued inflation and rising interest rates, as well as unfavorable demand due to changing customer preferences towards a mix of online and physical store shopping led the Company to lower its forecasts and expectations for the Culture Kings and Rebdolls brands, driving the reduction in their fair values. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Key Operating and Financial Metrics 
 Operating Metrics 
 We use the following metrics to assess the progress of our business, make decisions on where to allocate capital, time and technology investments and assess the near-term and longer-term performance of our business. 
 The following table sets forth our key operating metrics for each period presented. 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, other than dollar figures) 
 2022 2021 2020 Active customers 
 3.8 3.7 1.4 Active customers across a.k.a. Brands (1) 
 3.8 3.7 2.3 Average order value 
 82 86 75 Average order value across a.k.a. Brands (1) 
 82 87 81 Number of orders 
 7.4 6.5 2.9 Number of orders across a.k.a. Brands (1) 
 7.4 7.0 4.7 
 (1) Includes the impact of Culture Kings as if we had owned it for all periods presented. 
 Active Customers 
 We view the number of active customers as a key indicator of our growth, the value proposition and consumer awareness of our brand, and their desire to purchase our products. In any particular period, we determine our number of active customers by counting the total number of unique customer accounts who have made at least one purchase in the preceding 12-month period, measured from the last date of such period. 
 Average Order Value 
 We define average order value as net sales in a given period divided by the total orders placed in that period. Average order value may fluctuate as we expand into new categories or geographies or as our assortment changes. 
 Key Financial Metrics 
 The following table sets forth our key GAAP and non-GAAP financial metrics for for each period presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Gross margin 
 55 55 59 Net income (loss) (in thousands) 
 (176,697) (6,091) 14,805 Net income (loss) margin 
 (29) (1) 7 Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands) 
 31,872 62,431 30,282 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 5 11 14 Net cash provided by operating activities (in thousands) 
 (319) 23,968 21,712 Free cash flow (in thousands) 
 (20,065) 16,234 20,384 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for information regarding our use of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin and free cash flow and their reconciliation to net income (loss), net income (loss) margin and net cash provided by operating activities, respectively. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we monitor the following supplemental non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our operating performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions on a consolidated basis. Accordingly, we believe that non-GAAP financial information, when taken collectively, may provide useful supplemental information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management team. The non-GAAP financial measures are presented for supplemental informational purposes only. They should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, and may be different from similarly-titled non-GAAP measures used by other companies. A reconciliation is provided below for each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude: interest and other expense; provision for income taxes; depreciation and amortization expense; equity-based compensation expense; inventory step-up amortization expense, distribution center relocation costs; transaction costs; costs related to severance from headcount reductions; goodwill and intangible asset impairment; sales tax penalties; and one-time or non-recurring items, and Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales. Adjusted EBITDA does not represent net income or cash flow from operating activities as it is defined by GAAP and does not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. Because other companies may calculate EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Adjusted EBITDA has other limitations as an analytical tool when compared to the use of net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, including that Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect: 
 the interest or other expense we incur; 
 the provision for or benefit from income tax; 
 any attribution of costs to our operations related to our investments and capital expenditures through depreciation and amortization charges; 
 any transaction or debt extinguishment costs; 
 any costs to establish or relocate distribution centers; 
 any costs related to severance from headcount reductions; 
 any impairment of goodwill or intangible assets; 
 any costs related to sales tax penalties; 
 any amortization expense associated with fair value adjustments from purchase price accounting, including intangibles or inventory step-up; and 
 the cost of compensation we provide to our employees in the form of equity awards. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

The following table reflects a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to net income (loss) margin, the most directly comparable financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP: 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) (176,697) (6,091) 14,805 Add (deduct): Total other expense, net 8,575 21,622 485 Provision for income tax (3,917) 852 6,850 Depreciation and amortization expense 20,348 16,710 6,762 Equity-based compensation expense 6,730 8,043 1,380 Inventory step-up amortization expense 707 15,908 Distribution center relocation costs 1,302 Transaction costs 140 5,387 Severance 306 Goodwill impairment 173,786 Sales tax penalties 592 Adjusted EBITDA 31,872 62,431 30,282 Net income (loss) margin (29) (1) 7 Adjusted EBITDA margin 5 11 14 
 Free Cash Flow 
 We calculate Free Cash Flow as net cash (used in) provided by operating activities reduced by purchases of property and equipment. Management believes Free Cash Flow is a useful measure of liquidity and an additional basis for assessing our ability to generate cash. There are limitations related to the use of Free Cash Flow as an analytical tool, including that other companies may calculate Free Cash Flow differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure, and Free Cash Flow does not reflect our future contractual commitments nor does it represent the total residual cash flow for a given period. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (319) 23,968 21,712 Less: purchases of property and equipment 
 (19,746) (7,734) (1,328) Free cash flow 
 (20,065) 16,234 20,384 
 Our Free Cash Flow has fluctuated over time primarily as a result of timing of inventory purchases to support our rapid growth. While we have strong long-term relationships with our manufacturers, we usually pay for our inventory in advance. This supports our test and repeat buying model and helps with our ability to move new designs we receive from our suppliers into production and then into inventory in as few as 30 to 45 days. Our operating model requires a low level of capital expenditure. 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, Free Cash Flow decreased by (36.3) million compared to Free Cash Flow for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. This was attributable primarily to increased capital expenditures, the timing of payments and a decrease in net income after adjusting for non-cash items, partially offset by a smaller build of inventory compared to the prior year. The increased capital expenditures was driven by the build-out of Culture Kings new store in Las Vegas. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Macroeconomic Environment 
 The macroeconomic environment in which we operate has been, and we anticipate will continue to be, pressured by events and conditions worldwide. Inflationary pressures on consumers globally and our supply chain, shifts in global spending in anticipation of a potential economic slowdown or recession, increasing labor rates and a slower-than-expected recovery from the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia have pressured our net sales. Additionally, lower return on marketing investments, a higher than historical competitive promotional environment and higher merchandise returns, all stemming from the pressures previously identified, led to reduced operating income and Adjusted EBITDA performance, as well as increased inventories and impairment to the goodwill associated with the Culture Kings and Rebdolls reporting units. Consequently, our business and results of operations, including earnings and cash flows, could continue to be adversely impacted, including as a result of: 
 decreased consumer confidence and consumer spending and consumption habits, including spending for the merchandise that we sell and shifting to more in-store retail experiences, and negative trends in consumer purchasing patterns due to inflationary pressures and changes in consumers disposable income, credit availability and debt levels 
 disruption to the supply chain affecting production, distribution and other logistical issues, including port closures and shipping backlogs 
 challenges filling staffing requirements at our headquarters and distribution centers; and 
 increased materials and procurement costs as a result of scarcity or increased prices of commodities and raw materials. 
 All of these factors have contributed and may continue to contribute to reduced orders, increased merchandise returns, higher discounts, lower net sales, lower gross margins, reduced effectiveness of marketing and increased inventories. 
 Brand Awareness 
 Our ability to promote our brands and maintain brand awareness and loyalty is critical to our success. We have a significant opportunity to continue to grow awareness and loyalty to our brands through word of mouth, brand marketing, performance marketing and increased store openings in key locations. We plan to continue to invest in performance marketing and increase our investment in brand awareness across our brands, including wholesale and marketplace opportunities, to drive our future growth. Failure to successfully promote our brands and maintain brand awareness would have an adverse impact to our operating results. 
 Customer Acquisition 
 To continue to grow our business profitably, we intend to acquire new customers and retain our existing customers at a reasonable cost. Our methods to acquire customers have evolved and will need to continue evolving in response to changes in shopping behaviors, content consumption, costs to advertise and developments in technology. Failure to continue attracting customers efficiently and profitably would adversely impact our profitability and operating results. 
 Customer Retention 
 Our results are driven not only by the ability of our brands to acquire customers, but also by their ability to retain customers and encourage repeat purchases. We monitor retention across our entire customer base. Our brands are at various stages of rolling out and evolving loyalty programs. Failure to retain customers would adversely impact our profitability and operating results. 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 In fiscal year 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact our business and results of operations. In the first half of 2022, certain of our supply chain partners, including third party manufacturers, logistics providers and other vendors experienced delays and shut-downs due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which delayed shipments of products and increased our cost of goods due to more expensive air freight rates. In the second half of 2022, we started to experience some reductions in air freight costs, the impact of which we expect will be realized in the Company s cost of goods sold during 2023. We continue to monitor vendor and manufacturer shipping times and other potential disruptions in our supply chain and implement mitigation plans as necessary. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Foreign Currency Rate Fluctuations 
 Our international operations have provided and are expected to continue to provide a significant portion of our Company s net sales and operating income. As a result, our Company s net sales and operating income will continue to be affected by changes in the U.S. dollar against international currencies, but predominantly against the Australian dollar. In order to provide a framework for assessing the performance of our underlying business, excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations, we compare the percent change in the results from one period to another period in this Annual Report on Form 10-K using a constant currency methodology wherein current and comparative prior period results for our operations reporting in currencies other than U.S. dollars are converted into U.S. dollars at constant exchange rates (i.e., the rates in effect on December 31, 2021, which was the last day of our prior fiscal year) rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. Such disclosure throughout our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations will be described as on a constant currency basis. Volatility in currency exchange rates may impact the results, including net sales and operating income, of the Company in the future. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented and express the relationship of certain line items as a percentage of net sales for those periods. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of future results. 
 Year Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 611,738 562,191 215,916 Cost of sales 274,491 254,527 89,515 Gross profit 337,247 307,664 126,401 Operating expenses: Selling 166,070 144,345 58,313 Marketing 66,730 58,120 17,871 General and administrative 102,700 88,816 28,077 Goodwill impairment 173,786 Total operating expenses 509,286 291,281 104,261 Income (loss) from operations (172,039) 16,383 22,140 Other expense, net: Interest expense (7,043) (9,485) (329) Loss on extinguishment of debt (10,924) Other expense (1,532) (1,213) (156) Total other expense, net 
 (8,575) (21,622) (485) Income (loss) before income taxes (180,614) (5,239) 21,655 Benefit from (provision for) income tax 3,917 (852) (6,850) Net income (loss) (176,697) (6,091) 14,805 Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 123 (471) Net income (loss) attributable to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. (176,697) (5,968) 14,334 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 
 100 100 100 Cost of sales 
 45 45 41 Gross profit 
 55 55 59 Operating expenses: 
 Selling 
 27 26 27 Marketing 
 11 10 8 General and administrative 
 17 16 13 Goodwill impairment 28 Total operating expenses 
 83 52 48 Income (loss) from operations 
 (28 3 10 Other expense, net: Interest expense (1 (2 Loss on extinguishment of debt (2 Other expense Total other expense, net 
 (1 (4 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 (30 (1 10 Benefit from (provision for) income tax 1 (3 Net income (loss) (29 (1 7 Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Net income (loss) attributable to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. (29 (1 7 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Net Sales 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 Net sales 
 611,738 562,191 
 Net sales increased by 49.5 million, or 9 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The overall increase in net sales was primarily driven by a 14 increase in the number of orders we processed in 2022 compared to 2021, driving an increase in net sales of 76.0 million. A decrease in our average order value of 5 , from 86 in 2021 to 82 in 2022, partially offset the increase in net sales by 26.4 million. The increase in the number of orders was largely driven by the acquisition of Culture Kings on March 31, 2021, the acquisition of mnml in October of 2021 and growth of Princess Polly in the U.S. The decrease in our average order value was primarily due to the impact of foreign currency, higher return rates and incremental promotional activity. On a constant currency basis, net sales and average order value for 2022 would have increased 13 and been flat, respectively. Net sales for 2022 include the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 269.6 million of net sales, while 2021 includes the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 208.0 million of net sales, from the date of their acquisitions. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 Cost of sales 
 274,491 254,527 Percent of net sales 
 45 45 
 Cost of sales increased by 20.0 million, or 8 , in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase was primarily driven by a 14 increase in the total number of orders in 2022, as compared to 2021, which includes the impact of the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 132.0 million of cost of sales, while 2021 includes the impact of the operations of Culture Kings, or 114.7 million of cost of sales, from the date of their acquisitions. While cost of sales as a percent of net sales was flat in 2022 compared to 2021, the impact of the fair value adjustment to inventory acquired in the Culture Kings acquisition of 15.9 million, included in 2021, was offset by a change in the mix of products sold due to the acquisition of Culture Kings, as Culture Kings inventory has higher average costs. 
 Gross Profit 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Gross profit 337,247 307,664 Gross margin 55 55 
 Gross profit increased by 29.6 million, or 10 , in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase was primarily driven by the significant increase in net sales. While gross margin was flat in 2022 compared to 2021, the impact of the fair value adjustment to inventory acquired in the Culture Kings acquisition of 15.9 million, included in 2021, was offset by a change in the mix of products sold due to the acquisition of Culture Kings, as Culture Kings inventory has lower average gross margins. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Selling Expenses 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 Selling 
 166,070 144,345 Percent of net sales 
 27 26 
 Selling expenses increased by 21.7 million, or 15 , in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase was driven by the 14 increase in the number of orders shipped in 2022 compared to 2021, which includes the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 71.6 million of selling expenses, while 2021 includes the impact of the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 48.0 million of selling expenses, from the date of their acquisitions. The increase in selling expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to increased costs for distribution facilities and stores, the 5 decrease in our average order value and a 1.3 million charge related to a relocation of distribution centers for Culture Kings and mnml. 
 Marketing Expenses 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Marketing 
 66,730 58,120 Percent of net sales 
 11 10 
 
 Marketing expenses increased by 8.6 million, or 15 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in marketing expenses was driven by the inclusion of the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 31.4 million of marketing expenses, while 2021 includes the impact of the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 23.6 million of marketing expenses, from the date of their acquisitions. The increase in marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to reduced effectiveness of our marketing channels at driving traffic to our websites, and the inclusion of mnml, which had a higher rate of advertising spend as compared to some of our other brands. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 General and administrative 102,700 88,816 Percent of net sales 17 16 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 13.9 million, or 16 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by a 18.3 million increase in salaries and related benefits related to increases in our headcount across functions to support business growth and 3.7 million in additional insurance costs. Partially offsetting these increases was a 5.8 million decrease in professional fees, including transaction costs, and a 1.3 million decrease in equity-based compensation, due to vesting of performance-based incentive units upon the Company s IPO in 2021. General and administrative expenses for 2022 include the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 32.8 million of general and administrative expenses, while 2021 includes the impact of the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 20.3 million of general and administrative expenses, from the date of their acquisitions. The increase in general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales resulted primarily from additional salaries and related benefits, as well as additional insurance costs. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Goodwill impairment 173,786 Percent of net sales 28 
 Goodwill impairment was 173.8 million in 2022 and recognized on the goodwill recorded from the acquisitions of the Culture Kings and Rebdolls reporting units. As of December 31, 2022, 60.0 million of goodwill related to Culture Kings remained, while the goodwill related to Rebdolls was fully impaired. The worsening economic trends in the fourth quarter of 2022, including continued inflation and rising interest rates, as well as unfavorable demand due to a gradual customer shift from primarily online shopping to a mix of online and physical store shopping led the Company to lower its forecasts and expectations for the Culture Kings and Rebdolls brands, driving the reduction in their fair values. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Other expense, net 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Other expense, net: Interest expense (7,043) (9,485) Loss on extinguishment of debt (10,924) Other expense (1,532) (1,213) Total other expense, net 
 (8,575) (21,622) Percent of net sales 
 (1) (4) 
 Other expense, net decreased by 13.0 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the 2021 loss on extinguishment of debt resulting from the early payment and termination of our previous term debt, revolver and senior secured notes, as well as a decrease in interest expense in 2022 from more favorable rates related to borrowings under our senior secured credit facility compared to our previous term debt, revolver and senior secured notes in 2021. 
 Benefit from (Provision for) Income Tax 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Benefit from (provision for) income tax 3,917 (852) Percent of net sales 1 Effective tax rate 2 16 
 Benefit from (provision for) income tax changed by 4.8 million, or 560 in 2022 compared to 2021. This change was driven primarily by the finalization of Australia tax basis allocation pertaining to the inventory and intangibles included in the purchase of the Culture Kings noncontrolling interest, as well as an intra-entity transfer of certain intellectual property rights related to the Culture Kings brands to one of our subsidiaries in the U.S., aligning the ownership of these rights with our evolving business. The change in our effective tax rate is primarily driven by the impairment recognized on the goodwill recorded from the acquisitions of the Culture Kings and Rebdolls reporting units. 
 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Net Sales 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Net sales 
 562,191 215,916 
 Net sales increased by 346.3 million, or 160 , in 2021 compared to 2020. The overall increase in net sales was primarily driven by a 126 increase in the number of orders we processed in 2021 compared to 2020, driving an increase in net sales of 339.0 million. Additionally, an increase in our average order value of 15 , from 75 in 2020 to 86 in 2021 also contributed 32.2 million to the overall increase in net sales. The increase in the number of orders was largely driven by the acquisition of Culture Kings on March 31, 2021 and growth of Princess Polly in the U.S. The increase in our average order value was primarily due to the implementation of targeted price increases at Princess Polly and Petal Pup. On a constant currency basis, net sales and average order value for 2021 would have increased 154 and 13 , respectively. Net sales for 2021 include the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 208.0 million of net sales, from the date of their acquisitions, March 31, 2021 and October 14, 2021, respectively. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Cost of sales 
 254,527 89,515 Percent of net sales 
 45 41 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Cost of sales increased by 165.0 million, or 184 , in 2021 compared to 2020. This increase was primarily driven by a 126 increase in the total number of orders in 2021, as compared to 2020, which includes the impact of the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 114.7 million of cost of sales, from the date of their acquisitions, March 31, 2021 and October 14, 2021, respectively. The increase in cost of sales as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to the 15.9 million impact from the fair value increase in inventory acquired in the Culture Kings and mnml acquisitions, which will disproportionately increase cost of sales until the inventory is completely sold through, and higher air freight expense. As of December 31, 2021, 0.7 million of impact from the fair value increase in inventory acquired in the mnml acquisition remains in inventory and will impact cost of sales in the first quarter of 2022. 
 Gross Profit 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Gross profit 307,664 126,401 Gross margin 55 59 
 Gross profit increased by 181.3 million, or 143 , in 2021 compared to 2020. This increase was primarily driven by the significant increase in net sales. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due to the 15.9 million impact from the fair value increase in inventory acquired in the Culture Kings and mnml acquisitions, which disproportionately increases cost of sales until it is completely sold through, higher air freight expense and inclusion of Culture Kings, partially offset by the implementation of targeted price increases at Princess Polly and Petal Pup. Culture Kings has a lower mix of exclusive products compared to our overall portfolio. Exclusive products have a higher gross margin compared to other products we sell. 
 Selling Expenses 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2021 2020 Selling 
 144,345 58,313 Percent of net sales 
 26 27 
 Selling expenses increased by 86.0 million, or 148 , in 2021 compared to 2020. This increase was driven by the 126 increase in the number of orders shipped in 2021 compared to 2020, which includes the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 48.0 million of selling expenses, from the date of their acquisitions, March 31, 2021 and October 14, 2021, respectively. The decrease in selling expenses as a percentage of net sales was due to a higher percentage of Culture Kings sales from customers in Australia, where our products ship at a cheaper rate. Shipping to customers in the U.S., whether from Australia or from a facility in the U.S., is more expensive on average due to distance or shipping upgrades. 
 Marketing Expenses 

Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Marketing 
 58,120 17,871 Percent of net sales 
 10 8 
 
 Marketing expenses increased by 40.2 million, or 225 , in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase in marketing expenses was driven by the inclusion of the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 23.6 million of marketing expenses, from the date of their acquisitions, March 31, 2021 and October 14, 2021, respectively, and increased marketing investment to acquire customers and retain existing customers to generate higher net sales. The increase in marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to Culture Kings higher rate of advertising spend as they tested new marketing opportunities, as well as incremental holiday advertising spend across our brands. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 General and administrative 88,816 28,077 Percent of net sales 16 13 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 60.7 million, or 216 , in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was primarily driven by the inclusion of the operations of Culture Kings and mnml, or 20.3 million of general and administrative expenses, from the date of their acquisitions, March 31, 2021 and October 14, 2021, respectively. Additionally, there was a 15.4 million increase in salaries and related benefits and equity-based compensation expense related to increases in our headcount across functions to support business growth, 5.4 million in transaction costs and 5.3 million in additional professional service fees. Finally, increases in D O insurance and depreciation contributed to the increase. The increase in general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales resulted primarily from additional salaries and related benefits and equity-based compensation expense from corporate hires as well as additional professional service fees. 
 Other expense, net 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Other expense, net 
 Interest expense (9,485) (329) Loss on extinguishment of debt (10,924) Other expense (1,213) (156) Total other expense, net (21,622) (485) Percent of net sales 
 (4) 
 Other expense, net increased by 21.1 million in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to the loss on extinguishment of debt resulting from the early payment and termination of our previous term debt, revolver and senior secured notes, as well as an increase in interest expense related to the senior secured notes, prior to their repayment, and the new term loan. 
 Provision for income tax 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Provision for income tax (852) (6,850) Percent of net sales (3 Effective tax rate 16 32 
 Provision for income tax decreased by 6.0 million, or 88 in 2021 compared to 2020. This decrease was due to a reduction in our income before income taxes, which was driven primarily by the loss on extinguishment of debt resulting from the early payment and termination of our previous term debt, revolver and senior secured notes, as well as an increase in interest expense related to such debt prior to its repayment. The change in effective tax rate from 2020 is primarily due to the impact of permanent differences, the most significant of which was non-deductible stock-based compensation related to incentive units. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Quarterly Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth selected unaudited quarterly results of operations for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2022, as well as the percentage that each line item represents of net sales. The information for each of these quarters has been prepared on the same basis as the audited annual consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the opinion of management, includes all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair statement of our consolidated results of operations for these periods. This data should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our quarterly results of operations will vary in the future. These quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of our operating results for any future period. 
 Three Months Ended In thousands Mar 31, 2021 Jun 30, 2021 Sep 30, 2021 Dec 31, 2021 Mar 31, 2022 Jun 30, 2022 Sep 30, 2022 Dec 31, 2022 Net sales 68,779 149,227 161,762 182,423 148,319 158,471 155,822 149,126 Cost of sales 28,191 67,793 75,652 82,891 64,123 71,024 68,965 70,379 Gross profit 40,588 81,434 86,110 99,532 84,196 87,447 86,857 78,747 Operating expenses: Selling 18,254 40,023 40,582 45,486 40,364 45,254 41,450 39,002 Marketing 6,224 14,908 15,463 21,525 15,705 19,064 16,532 15,429 General and administrative 13,430 19,220 28,900 27,266 24,778 25,703 26,133 26,086 Goodwill impairment 173,786 Total operating expenses 37,908 74,151 84,945 94,277 80,847 90,021 84,115 254,303 Income (loss) from operations 2,680 7,283 1,165 5,255 3,349 (2,574) 2,742 (175,556) Total other expense, net (123) (4,155) (15,589) (1,755) (1,171) (2,593) (2,758) (2,053) Income (loss) before income taxes 2,557 3,128 (14,424) 3,500 2,178 (5,167) (16) (177,609) Benefit from (provision for) income tax (767) (939) 4,331 (3,477) (653) 955 (98) 3,713 Net income (loss) 1,790 2,189 (10,093) 23 1,525 (4,212) (114) (173,896) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (318) 242 199 Net income (loss) attributable to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 1,472 2,431 (9,894) 23 1,525 (4,212) (114) (173,896) 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended Mar 31, 2021 Jun 30, 2021 Sep 30, 2021 Dec 31, 2021 Mar 31, 2022 Jun 30, 2022 Sep 30, 2022 Dec 31, 2022 Net sales 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Cost of sales 41 45 47 45 43 45 44 47 Gross profit 59 55 53 55 57 55 56 53 Operating expenses: Selling 27 27 25 25 27 29 27 26 Marketing 9 10 10 12 11 12 11 10 General and administrative 20 13 18 15 17 16 17 17 Goodwill impairment 117 Total operating expenses 55 50 53 52 55 57 54 171 Income (loss) from operations 4 5 1 3 2 (2 2 (118 Total other expense, net (3 (10 (1 (1 (2 (2 (1 Income (loss) before income taxes 4 2 (9 2 1 (3 (119 Benefit from (provision for) income tax (1 (1 3 (2 1 2 Net income (loss) 3 1 (6 1 (3 (117 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Net income (loss) attributable to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 2 2 (6 1 (3 (117 
 Quarterly Trends and Seasonality 
 Net Sales, Cost of Sales and Gross Profit 
 Historically, such as seen throughout 2021, net sales had generally increased sequentially quarter-to-quarter as we made acquisitions (Culture Kings on March 31, 2021 and mnml on October 14, 2021) and launched our brands in the U.S. (Princess Polly, Petal Pup and Culture Kings), all while successfully gaining and retaining customers. However, in 2022, our net sales were impacted by foreign currency exchange rates, inflationary pressures on consumers globally and our supply chain, shifts in global spending in anticipation of a potential economic slowdown or recession, increasing labor rates and a slower-than-expected recovery from the economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia. 
 Our quarterly cost of sales and gross profit have fluctuated quarter-to-quarter primarily due to the quarterly fluctuations in net sales, mix of inventory between private label and third-party products and the impact from the amortization of the fair value increases in inventory acquired in the Culture Kings and mnml acquisitions. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Selling expenses have fluctuated quarter-to-quarter primarily due to fluctuations in shipping and fulfillment costs. Drivers of these fluctuations include the Company s mix of air and sea freight, increases or decreases in number of orders, as well as generally increasing labor rates in fulfillment over time. 
 Marketing expenses have generally increased sequentially quarter-to-quarter as we have continued to scale our marketing efforts together with the growth of our business, or to drive growth in our business. 
 General and administrative expenses have fluctuated quarter-to-quarter, with such fluctuations primarily driven by the timing of transaction costs, increases in our headcount to support business growth and certain one-time stock-based compensation expenses related to the IPO that occurred in the third quarter of 2021. 
 Seasonality 
 Historically, we have achieved our largest quarterly sales in the fourth fiscal quarter. However, as our expansion into the U.S. market continues, our quarterly revenues are less concentrated in the fourth fiscal quarter. In fiscal year 2021, our net sales in the first, second, third and fourth quarters represented 12 , 27 , 29 and 32 , respectively, of our total net sales for the year. In fiscal year 2022, our net sales in the first, second, third and fourth quarters represented 24 , 26 , 25 and 24 , respectively of our total net sales for the year. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Quarterly Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted EBITDA for the eight fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2022: 
 Three Months Ended In thousands Mar 31, 2021 Jun 30, 2021 Sep 30, 2021 Dec 31, 2021 Mar 31, 2022 Jun 30, 2022 Sep 30, 2022 Dec 31, 2022 Net income (loss) 1,790 2,189 (10,093) 23 1,525 (4,212) (114) (173,896) Add (deduct): Total other expense, net 123 4,155 15,589 1,755 1,171 2,593 2,758 2,053 Provision for (benefit from) income tax 767 939 (4,331) 3,477 653 (955) 98 (3,713) Depreciation and amortization expense 2,566 4,535 4,235 5,374 5,217 5,590 4,566 4,975 Equity-based compensation expense 523 609 5,582 1,329 1,368 1,494 1,586 2,282 Inventory step-up amortization expense 6,266 5,985 3,657 707 Distribution center relocation costs 1,291 12 Transaction costs 2,557 736 1,580 514 11 90 39 Severance 291 15 Goodwill impairment 173,786 Sales tax penalties 591 Adjusted EBITDA 8,326 19,429 18,547 16,129 10,652 5,891 9,236 6,093 Net income (loss) margin 3 1 (6) 1 (3) (117) Adjusted EBITDA margin 12 13 11 9 7 4 6 4 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents totaling 46.3 million, our revolving line of credit and our term loan accordion provision. Our cash equivalents primarily consist of money market funds. 
 As of December 31, 2022, most of our cash was held for working capital purposes. We had historically financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through cash flows generated by operations, the incurrence of debt and through the issuance of equity. We believe that our existing cash, together with cash generated from operations and available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities and lines of credit, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the next 12 months. We believe that cash generated from ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements beyond 12 months. However, our liquidity assumptions may prove to be incorrect, and we could exhaust our available financial resources sooner than we currently expect. We may seek to borrow funds under our credit facility or raise additional funds at any time through equity, equity-linked or debt financing arrangements. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those described in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K captioned Risk Factors. We may not be able to secure additional financing to meet our operating requirements on acceptable terms, or at all. The inability to raise capital if needed would adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 In connection with the IPO, we entered into a senior secured credit facility inclusive of a 100.0 million term loan and a 50.0 million revolving line of credit, with an option of up to 50.0 million in additional term loan through an accordion provision. We used borrowings under this credit facility, together with a portion of the proceeds from the IPO, to repay the Fortress Credit Facilities in full. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owed a combined 105.2 million in term loan and accordion borrowings, as well as 40.0 million borrowed under the revolving line of credit. The term loan requires us to make amortized annual payments of 5.0 during the first and second years, 7.5 during the third and fourth years and 10.0 during the fifth year with the balance of the loan due at maturity. Borrowings under the term loan accrue interest at a benchmark rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon our net leverage ratio. The revolving line of credit accrues interest at a benchmark rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon our net leverage ratio. The highest interest rates under the agreement for both the term loan and revolving line of credit occur at a net leverage ratio of greater than 2.75x, yielding an interest rate of a benchmark rate plus 3.25 . The accordion provision allows us to borrow additional amounts of term loan at terms to be agreed upon at the time of issuance, but on substantially the same basis as the original term loan. As of December 31, 2022, principal payments of our term loan and accordion for the next twelve months are anticipated to total 5.6 million. 
 As part of our entering into the senior secured credit facility, we are subject to certain financial covenant ratios and certain annual mandatory prepayment terms based on excess cash flows, as defined by the credit agreement, based on our net leverage ratio for years beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. If we are unable to comply with certain financial covenant ratios and terms requiring mandatory prepayment based on a percentage of excess cash flows, our long-term liquidity position may be adversely impacted. Furthermore, the variable interest rates associated with our senior secured credit facility could result in interest payments that are higher than anticipated. 
 Refer to Note 8, Debt, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our senior secured credit facility. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our material cash requirements include operating lease obligations and inventory purchase commitments. 
 We have lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, primarily office locations, warehouse facilities and retail stores. Most of our property, equipment and software have been purchased with cash. As of December 31, 2022, our future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases totaled 48.9 million, with 8.3 million payable within 12 months. 
 While we routinely contract for the purchase of inventory from vendors, we have no material long-term purchase obligations outstanding with any vendors or third parties. As of December 31, 2022, i nventory and other purchase obligations payable within the next 12 months totaled 10.2 million, which primarily represent open purchase orders for materials and merchandise as of that date. 
 Additionally, we plan to incur capital expenditures of approximately 8.0 to 10.0 million in 2023. This reflects the investments in infrastructure and technology in addition to the opening of new stores. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Historical Cash Flows 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (319) 23,968 21,712 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (25,314) (278,075) (2,379) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 33,260 269,850 1,240 
 Net Cash (Used In) Provided by Operating Activities 
 Cash (used in) provided by operating activities consists primarily of net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation, amortization, equity-based compensation, the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. 
 In 2022, net cash provided by operating activities decreased 24.3 million. This was attributable primarily to timing of payments and a decrease in net income after adjusting for non-cash items, partially offset by a lower build of inventory compared to the prior year. 
 In 2021, net cash provided by operating activities increased 2.3 million. This was attributable primarily to an increase in net income after adjusting for non-cash items. These increases were partially offset by an increase in inventory to support our growth and expansion in both the U.S. and Australia markets. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Our primary investing activities have consisted of acquisitions to support our overall business growth, investments in our fulfillment centers and our internally developed software to support our infrastructure, and investments in stores. Purchases of property and equipment may vary from period to period due to timing of the expansion of our operations. 
 In 2022, net cash used in investing activities decreased 252.8 million. This was attributable to the acquisition of Culture Kings in March 2021, the purchase of the Petal Pup noncontrolling interest in September 2021 and the acquisition of mnml in October 2021. The impact of this prior year activity was partially offset by purchases of property and equipment, which was driven by the build-out of the Culture Kings Las Vegas store. 
 In 2021, net cash used in investing activities increased 275.7 million. This was attributable to the acquisition of Culture Kings in March 2021, the purchase of the Petal Pup noncontrolling interest in September 2021 and the acquisition of mnml in October 2021. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Our financing activities have historically consisted of cash proceeds received from the issuance of borrowings, cash used to pay down borrowings, cash received in exchange for partner units and cash received from the sale of our common stock in the IPO. 
 In 2022, net cash provided by financing activities decreased 236.6 million. This was primarily attributable to the 2021 proceeds received from debt issuances and the IPO, as well as proceeds from the issuance of partner units to acquire Culture Kings in March 2021. The impact of these proceeds in 2021 was partially offset by proceeds from the line of credit in 2022. 
 In 2021, net cash provided by financing activities increased 268.6 million. This was primarily attributable to the proceeds received from debt issuances and the IPO, as well as proceeds from the issuance of partner units to acquire Culture Kings in March 2021. These proceeds were partially offset by repayments of certain borrowings and, specifically related to the IPO, underwriters discounts and commission. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We believe that the following accounting estimates involve a high degree of judgment and complexity. Refer to Note 2, Significant Account Policies, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our significant accounting policies. The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in those financial statements and accompanying notes. Although we believe that the estimates we use are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results reported in future periods could differ from those estimates. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Revenue Recognition 
 Our primary source of revenues is from sales of fashion apparel primarily through our digital platforms and stores. We determine revenue recognition through the following steps in accordance with Topic 606: 
 identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; 
 identification of the performance obligations in the contract; 
 determination of the transaction price; 
 allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 
 recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 
 Revenue is recognized upon shipment when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, or at point of sale for purchases in our stores, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Our revenue is reported net of sales returns and discounts. We estimate our liability for product returns based on historical return trends and an evaluation of current economic and market conditions, all of which have a degree of uncertainty. We record the expected customer refund liability as a reduction to revenue, and the expected inventory right of recovery as a reduction of cost of goods sold. If actual return costs differ from previous estimates, the amount of the liability and corresponding revenue are adjusted in the period in which such costs occur. We have not made any material changes to our assumptions included in our calculations of expected customer refund activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Inventory 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined using an average cost method. Cost of inventory includes import duties and other taxes and transport and handling costs to deliver the inventory to our distribution centers or stores. We write down inventory where it appears that the carrying cost of the inventory may not be recovered through subsequent sale of the inventory. We analyze the quantity of inventory on hand, the quantity sold in the past year, the anticipated sales volume, the expected sales price and the cost of making the sale when evaluating the value of our inventory. If the sales volume or sales price of specific products declines, additional write-downs may be required. We have not made any material changes to our assumptions included in the calculations of the lower of cost or net realizable value reserves during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Goodwill and Impairment of Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets, including the amount assigned to identifiable intangible assets. The primary drivers that generate goodwill are the value of synergies between the acquired entities and the Company and the acquired assembled workforce, neither of which qualifies as a separately identifiable intangible asset. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, in the fourth quarter and whenever changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may exist. The goodwill impairment test is performed at the reporting unit level, which is generally at the level of or one level below an operating segment. A qualitative assessment is first performed to determine whether a quantitative goodwill impairment test is necessary. If management determines, after performing an assessment based on the qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, or that a fair value of the reporting unit substantially in the excess of the carrying amount cannot be assured, then a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. Annually, as of October 31, a quantitative test for goodwill impairment is performed by determining the fair value of the related reporting units using both income-based and market-based valuation methods. The income-based approach is based on the reporting unit s forecasted future cash flows that are discounted to present value using the reporting unit s weighted average cost of capital. The market-based approach is based on the guideline company and similar transaction methods. The guideline company method analyzes market multiples of revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA for a group of comparable public companies. Under the similar transactions method, valuation multiples are calculated utilizing actual transaction prices and revenue/EBITDA data from target companies deemed similar to the reporting unit. 
 Based on the range of estimated fair values developed from the income and market-based methods, the Company determines the estimated fair value for the reporting unit. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, the goodwill is not impaired and no further review is required. However, if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the Company calculates the impairment loss as the difference between the carrying value of the reporting unit and the estimated fair value. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

The income-based fair value methodology requires management s assumptions and judgments regarding economic conditions in the markets in which the Company operates and conditions in the capital markets, many of which are outside of management s control. At the reporting unit level, fair value estimation requires management s assumptions and judgments regarding the effects of overall economic conditions on the specific reporting unit, along with assessment of the reporting unit s strategies and forecasts of future cash flows. Forecasts of individual reporting unit cash flows involve management s estimates and assumptions regarding: 
 Annual cash flows, on a debt-free basis, arising from future revenues and earnings, changes in working capital, capital spending and income taxes for at least a 10-year forecast period. 
 A terminal growth rate for years beyond the forecast period. The terminal growth rate is selected based on consideration of growth rates used in the forecast period, historical performance of the reporting unit and economic conditions. 
 A discount rate that reflects the risks inherent in realizing the forecasted cash flows. 
 Under the market-based fair value methodology, judgment is required in evaluating market multiples and recent transactions. Management believes that the assumptions used for its impairment tests are representative of those that would be used by market participants performing similar valuations of the Company s reporting units. 
 The carrying value of definite-lived intangible assets is reviewed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset or a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, among others. If such facts indicate a potential impairment, the Company would assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining economic life of the primary asset in the asset group. If the recoverability test indicates the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, the Company will estimate the fair value of the asset group using the discounted cash flow method. Any impairment would be measured as the difference between the asset group's carrying amount and its estimated fair value. 
 As discussed above, significant judgment and estimates are required in assessing impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, including identifying whether events or changes in circumstances require an impairment assessment, estimating future cash flows and determining appropriate discount rates. Our estimates of fair value are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. As part of the annual goodwill impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company determined that the carrying value of its Culture Kings and Rebdolls reporting units exceeded their fair values as of October 31, 2022 and recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 173.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 60.0 million of goodwill related to Culture Kings remained, while the goodwill related to Rebdolls was fully impaired. The worsening economic trends in the fourth quarter of 2022, including continued inflation and rising interest rates, as well as unfavorable demand due to changing customer preferences towards a mix of online and physical store shopping led the Company to lower its forecasts and expectations for the Culture Kings and Rebdolls brands, driving the reduction in their fair values. No goodwill or intangible asset impairment was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, as of the testing date, the estimated fair value of the mnml reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by 7 and the carrying value of the related goodwill was 30.0 million. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and are recorded net on the face of the balance sheet. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We recognize the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized. This assessment involves uncertainty and judgment. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. We have not made any material changes to our assumptions and estimates related to our income tax positions during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We have operations within the United States and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including interest rate changes and the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. Information relating to quantitative and qualitative disclosures about these market risks is set forth below. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 Cash and cash equivalents are held primarily in cash deposits and money market funds. The fair value of our cash and cash equivalents would not be significantly affected by either an increase or decrease in interest rates due mainly to the short-term nature of these instruments. Interest on any borrowings incurred under the Company s revolving line of credit would accrue at a floating rate based on a formula tied to certain market rates at the time of incurrence. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 145.2 million in debt outstanding under our senior secured credit facility. Based on the levels of borrowings under our new senior secured credit facility at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in underlying interest rates would increase or decrease interest expense by approximately 1.5 million. This hypothetical analysis may differ from the actual change in interest expense due to potential changes in interest rates or gross borrowings outstanding under our credit facilities. We do not utilize derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risks. 
 In the event the Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates to combat inflation, current and future borrowings under our senior secured credit facility would be adversely impacted since borrowings under that facility bear interest at variable rates. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates as a result of our operations in countries other than the U.S., principally related to our significant operations in Australia. As of December 31, 2022, movements in currency exchange rates and the related impact on the translation of the balance sheets resulted in the 34.1 million net loss in the currency translation category of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the Australian dollar exchange rate could result in a 27.9 million foreign currency translation fluctuation, which would be recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Additionally, a portion of our sales and costs are earned and incurred, respectively, in USD for subsidiaries that use AUD as their functional currency. These sales and costs generate foreign currency exposure. Furthermore, we have various assets and liabilities, primarily cash and intercompany receivables and payables, denominated in USD where the functional currency is AUD. These balance sheet items are subject to remeasurement which may create fluctuations in other expense within our consolidated statements of income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, movements in currency exchange rates resulted in a 1.6 million net loss in other expense. 
 Continuing increases in interest rates to combat inflation may lead to further strengthening of the US dollar relative to foreign currencies, including the AUD, and may impact our sales and costs further. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PricewaterhouseCoopers, Melbourne, Australia, Auditor Firm ID: 
 69 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 70 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 71 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 72 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY, PARTNERS' CAPITAL AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST 
 73 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 74 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 76 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, partners capital and redeemable noncontrolling interest and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Accounts receivable 
 Inventory, net 
 Prepaid income taxes Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Goodwill 
 Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets 
 Liabilities and stockholders equity 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Sales returns reserve 
 Deferred revenue 
 Operating lease liabilities, current 
 Current portion of long-term debt 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Stockholders equity: 
 Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 
 ) Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 70 

Table of Contents 

a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 
 Cost of sales 
 Gross profit 
 Operating expenses: 
 Selling 
 Marketing 
 General and administrative 
 Goodwill impairment Total operating expenses 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 ) Other expense, net: Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Other expense ) ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes 
 ) ) Benefit from (provision for) income tax 
 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) Net income (loss) attributable to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 ) ) Net income (loss) per share: 
 Basic 
 ) ) Diluted 
 ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 71 

Table of Contents 

a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Currency translation 
 ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 72 

Table of Contents 

a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY, PARTNERS CAPITAL (1) AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST 
 (in thousands, except share and unit data) 
 Common Stock Partnership Units 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) 
 Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Shares Amount Units Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) Issuance of units Equity-based compensation Repurchase of incentive units ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment Net income Balance as of December 31, 2020 Issuance of units Noncontrolling interest from purchase of Culture Kings Purchase of Petal Pup noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Purchase of Culture Kings noncontrolling interest ) Reorganization transactions ) ) Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net issuance costs Issuance of common stock in the acquisition of mnml Change in tax bases of Culture Kings assets related to purchase of Culture Kings noncontrolling interest Equity-based compensation Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Equity-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 _________ 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 73 

Table of Contents 

a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization expense Amortization of inventory fair value adjustment Amortization of debt issuance costs Non-cash interest expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Lease incentives Non-cash operating lease expense Equity-based compensation Deferred income taxes, net ) ) ) Goodwill impairment Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Income taxes payable ) ) Accrued liabilities ) Returns reserve ) Deferred revenue Lease liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 
 ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) Purchases of intangible assets 
 ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from initial public offering, net of issuance costs Payments of costs related to initial public offering ) Proceeds from line of credit, net of issuance costs Repayment of line of credit ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issuance costs ) Repayment of debt ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) Proceeds from issuances under equity-based compensation plans Proceeds from issuance of units Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
 Interest paid 
 Income taxes paid, net of refunds 
 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities: 
 Consideration payable in connection with a business acquisition 
 Fair value of common stock issued in connection with the purchase of mnml Right-of-use asset additions under operating leases Offering costs not yet paid Debt issuance costs not yet paid 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 75 

Table of Contents 

a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (tabular amounts in thousands, except share, per share data, unit, per unit data, ratios, or as noted) 
 
 Note 1. 
 shares of its newly authorized common stock for per share for net proceeds of million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million, and offering costs of million. 
 Reorganization Transactions 
 a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. was formed as a Delaware corporation on May 20, 2021 to be the issuer of common stock in the IPO. Excelerate, L.P. Excelerate ), a Cayman limited partnership, and the predecessor entity to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., was the holding company of the entities that owned and operated the a.k.a. businesses prior to the IPO. The equity interests of Excelerate, which included the Series A partner units and incentive units, were owned by affiliates of Summit Partners Summit ), certain other investors and certain of our executive officers and directors and other members of management. 
 In connection with the IPO, a reorganization was undertaken to cause Excelerate to become a wholly-owned subsidiary of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. Immediately prior to the reorganization, Summit, management and certain other investors exchanged their limited partnership interests in Excelerate for limited partnership interests in New Excelerate, L.P. New Excelerate ), and New Excelerate became a limited partner of Excelerate. Immediately prior to the pricing of the IPO, New Excelerate and other Excelerate investors transferred their interests in Excelerate to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., in exchange for common stock in a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp (the New Excelerate Reorganization ). As a result, Excelerate became a wholly-owned subsidiary of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 As a result of the Culture Kings acquisition in March 2021 (refer to Note 3, Acquisitions, for additional information on the Culture Kings acquisition), Excelerate indirectly owned of the equity interests in CK Holdings, LP CK Holdings ), which owned of the Company s Culture Kings business prior to the IPO. The remaining of the equity interests in CK Holdings were held by certain minority investors. Immediately following the New Excelerate Reorganization, the Company completed a series of transactions in which the minority investors exchanged their remaining interests in CK Holdings for newly issued shares of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. common stock. The number of shares issued in exchange for the minority interests was determined based on the relative valuations of CK Holdings and consolidated a.k.a. at the time of the IPO. 
 Excelerate historically owned of the equity interests in P P Holdings, LP P P Holdings ), which operated the Company s Petal Pup business prior to the IPO. The remaining of the equity interests in P P Holdings were held by certain minority investors. On August 19, 2021, the Company repurchased approximately of the equity held by the P P minority investors for AUD million. In connection with the completion of the IPO, the Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the IPO to fund the acquisition of the remaining of the equity interests in P P Holdings then owned by the P P minority investors for cash of approximately AUD million. Following the completion of this purchase, P P Holdings became a wholly-owned subsidiary of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 Refinancing Transactions 
 In March 2021, certain subsidiaries of the Company entered into senior secured credit facilities that provided the Company with a million senior secured term loan facility and up to million aggregate principal in revolving borrowings (the Fortress Credit Facilities ), and also issued million in senior subordinated notes to an affiliate of Summit (the Summit Notes to provide financing for the Company s acquisition of Culture Kings. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

million term loan and a million revolving line of credit. The Company used borrowings under this senior secured credit facility s term loan, together with a portion of the proceeds from the IPO, to repay the Fortress Credit Facilities and Summit Notes in full and subsequently terminated them. Refer to Note 8, Debt, for additional information. 
 Historical Units 
 Prior to the IPO, incentive units had been issued to certain directors and members of management. These incentive units had a requirement that such shares could not participate in distributions and earnings of Excelerate, L.P. until after the holders of the Series A partner units received their return of capital plus a specified threshold amount per unit. At no time prior to IPO had such threshold been met. In September 2021, in connection with the IPO, all previous ownership interests in Excelerate, L.P., held by New Excelerate and other Excelerate investors were exchanged for shares of common stock in a.k.a. Brands Holdings Corp. in direct proportion to their respective Series A partner units and incentive units, subject to a reverse split factor of . All unit, per unit and related information presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted, where applicable, to reflect the impact of the split of units held by New Excelerate investors into a proportionate amount of shares of a.k.a. common stock. The terms of the incentive units remained unchanged and individual holders of such units will only be entitled to participate in the distributions and earnings of New Excelerate once the holders of the Series A partner units receive their return of capital plus a specified threshold amount per unit. However, as New Excelerate was issued shares of common stock in direct proportion to its combined Series A partner units and incentive units, New Excelerate will participate in all distributions and returns of the Company in relation to the total amount of shares of a.k.a. common stock that it holds. 
 Prior to the IPO, a.k.a. used the two-class method in calculating earnings per unit and had not deemed the incentive units to be potentially dilutive because such shares cannot participate in distributions and earnings of the Company until after the Series A units receive their return of capital plus a specified threshold amount per unit, and such threshold had not been met. Accordingly, basic and diluted earnings per share presented on the consolidated statements of income for all periods prior to the IPO are the same. Post-IPO, the common stock held by New Excelerate includes shares issued in proportion to the ownership interests in respect to the incentive units. Therefore, the impact of the incentive unit ownership is included in the common stock issued and outstanding after the IPO. 
 
 Note 2. 
 and 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, on deposit in banks outside of the United States. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 After the completion of the IPO in September 2021, deferred offering costs of million were reclassified to stockholders equity and recorded net against the proceeds from the IPO. offering costs were deferred as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 . 
 - years 
 Machinery and equipment - years 
 Computer equipment and capitalized software - years 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Shorter of the lease term or the estimated life of the assets 
 78 

Table of Contents 

useful life. 
 
 The primary drivers that generate goodwill are the value of synergies between the acquired entities and the Company and the acquired assembled workforce, neither of which qualifies as a separately identifiable intangible asset. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had goodwill of million and million, respectively. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

As part of the annual goodwill impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company concluded that the carrying value of the Company s Culture Kings and Rebdolls reporting units exceeded their fair values and recorded a total non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 6, Goodwill, for further information. goodwill impairment was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 . 
 No impairment losses related to finite-lived intangible assets or property and equipment were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

. We account for forfeitures as they occur. If factors change and different assumptions are used, our equity-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. 
 These assumptions and estimates are as follows: 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate . The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the equity award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

percent is used. 
 Expected Term . For stock options, the expected term represents the period that a stock option award is expected to be outstanding. We have limited historical exercise data from which to derive expected term input assumptions. Consequently, we calculate expected term using the SEC simplified method whereby the expected term of a stock option award is equal to the average of the award's contractual term and vesting term. 
 We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the assumptions related to our equity-based compensation on a prospective basis. 
 Partnership Units Valuations 
 For the partnership units granted prior to IPO, the Company relied on valuations prepared by an independent third-party valuation firm in accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation . Such valuations were aligned with the Company s internal valuation approach. Subsequent to the IPO, it is no longer necessary for the Company to estimate the fair value of its partnership units, as no further incentive partnership unit awards will be granted. See Note 12, Equity-based Compensation, for additional information. 
 Foreign currency transaction losses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

The Company generally provides refunds for goods returned within to days from the original purchase date. A returns reserve is recorded by the Company based on historical refund experience with a corresponding reduction of sales and cost of sales. The returns reserve was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Returns ) ) Allowance Ending balance 
 
 Revenue recognized in net sales on breakage of gift cards and online credit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Australia Rest of world Total 
 83 

Table of Contents 

The amount of shipping and handling costs included in selling expenses, inclusive of outbound shipping and returned freight costs, was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net, consists primarily of interest expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, foreign currency losses of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and million of loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

brands are each an operating segment. The Company has aggregated its operating segments into reportable segment based on the similar nature of products sold, production, merchandising and distribution processes involved, target customers and economic characteristics. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 ownership stake in Culture Kings. The previous shareholders of Culture Kings retained a noncontrolling interest in Culture Kings by receipt of an equity interest in CK Holdings. The Company recognized goodwill as the excess of the fair value of the total purchase consideration and noncontrolling interests over the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. The purchase price consisted of AUD million million) in cash consideration and noncontrolling interest with a fair value of AUD million million). In connection with the IPO, the Company completed a series of transactions in which the minority investors exchanged their interests in CK Holdings for newly issued shares of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. common stock. 
 Culture Kings is focused on street apparel aimed at the young adult age group and has a combination of online sales as well as stores based in Australia and expands the Company s consumer market to include male consumers and further expansion in the United States. 
 
 Fair value of noncontrolling interest 
 Total consideration 
 Identifiable net assets acquired: Account receivable, net 
 Inventory (1) 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Intangible assets, net (2) 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Accounts payable 
 ) Deferred revenue 
 ) Income taxes payable 
 ) Other current liabilities 
 ) Operating lease liabilities 
 ) Deferred income taxes, net 
 ) Accrued liabilities, non-current 
 ) Net assets acquired 
 Goodwill 
 
 The purchase price allocation includes significant judgments, assumptions and estimates to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The valuations involving the most significant assumptions, estimates and judgment are: 
 (1) Inventory was adjusted by million to step-up inventory cost to estimated fair value. The fair value of the inventory was determined utilizing the net realizable value method, which was based on the expected selling price of the inventory to customers adjusted for related disposal costs and a profit allowance for the post-acquisition selling effort. 
 (2) 
 years Customer relationships 
 years Total 
 86 

Table of Contents 

million. These costs are recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Goodwill of million, ne of which is deductible for tax purposes, represents the excess purchase price over the estimated fair value assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of anticipated synergies related to combining Culture Kings with the Company s existing operations. 
 The fair value of the noncontrolling interest was determined by measuring the fair value of the subsidiaries identifiable assets and liabilities at the date of acquisition, adjusted for a discount to factor the non-marketable, noncontrolling holding. 
 The noncontrolling interest in Culture Kings contained a put right whereby the minority investors could have caused CK Holdings to purchase all of their units at a per unit price equal to times the EBITDA of CK Holdings, calculated as of the twelve-month period ending on the end of the most recent fiscal quarter. The put right was only exercisable after December 31, 2023. In accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation , as this put right was redeemable outside of the Company s control, the noncontrolling interest was classified outside the permanent equity section of the Company s consolidated balance sheets prior to the IPO. In connection with the IPO, the Company completed a series of transactions in which the CK Holdings minority investors exchanged their interests in CK Holdings for newly issued shares of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. common stock, thereby eliminating the noncontrolling interest classified outside of permanent equity. 
 Since the date of acquisition, March 31, 2021, the results of Culture Kings have been included in the Company s consolidated results. 
 Net loss 
 ) ) 
 Net income attributable to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 ) Net income per share, basic and diluted: 
 
 The pro forma information was prepared using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The unaudited pro forma financial information has been prepared for informational purposes only and is not indicative of what the Company s results of operations would have been had the transactions occurred on January 1, 2020, nor does it project the results of operations of the combined company following the transaction. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

million, including cash consideration of million, net of cash acquired of million, and subject to working capital adjustments. The remaining consideration of million was paid in the form of shares of a.k.a. common stock. mnml is an LA-based streetwear brand that offers competitively priced on-trend wardrobe staples. This acquisition allows the Company to continue its growth into the U.S. market and provides opportunities for customer cross-sell. 
 Inventory (1) 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Other assets 
 Intangible assets (2) 
 Accounts payable 
 ) Deferred income 
 ) Accrued liabilities 
 ) Assumed loan 
 ) Sales and use tax liability 
 ) Deferred income taxes, net 
 ) Total net assets acquired 
 Goodwill 
 Total purchase price, net of cash acquired of 
 
 The purchase price allocation includes significant judgments, assumptions and estimates to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The valuations involving the most significant assumptions, estimates and judgment are: 
 (1) Inventory was adjusted by million to step-up inventory cost to estimated fair value. The fair value of the inventory was determined utilizing the net realizable value method, which was based on the expected selling price of the inventory to customers adjusted for related disposal costs and a profit allowance for the post-acquisition selling effort. 
 (2) 
 years Customer relationships years Total intangible assets 

The results of operations of mnml are included in the Company s consolidated statements of income beginning October 14, 2021. Total net sales of million and million, as well as net loss attributable to the Company of ) million and net income attributable to the Company of million, of mnml are included in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Goodwill of million, ne of which is deductible for tax purposes, represents the excess purchase price over the estimated fair values assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of anticipated synergies related to combining with the Company s existing operations. 
 Total acquisition costs incurred by the Company in connection with the purchase primarily related to third-party legal, accounting and tax diligence fees, were million. These costs are recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

newly issued shares of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. common stock. The number of shares issued in exchange for the minority interests was determined based on the relative valuations of CK Holdings and the consolidated a.k.a. group at the time of the IPO. This exchange resulted in the elimination of the noncontrolling interest in Culture Kings, with a value of million , and an increase in additional paid-in capital with a nominal amount recorded as common stock at a value of per issued share in the exchange. Following the completion of this transaction, CK Holdings became a wholly-owned subsidiary of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 The Company had historically owned of the equity interests in P P Holdings, which operated the Company s Petal Pup business prior to the IPO. The remaining of the equity interests in P P Holdings were held by certain minority investors. On August 19, 2021, the Company repurchased approximately of the equity held by the P P minority investors for AUD million . In connection with the completion of the IPO, the Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the IPO to fund the acquisition of the remaining of the equity interests in P P Holdings then owned by the P P minority investors for cash of approximately AUD million . As a result of the transaction, noncontrolling interest of million was eliminated and the million paid in excess of the noncontrolling interest was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. Following the completion of this purchase, P P Holdings became a wholly-owned subsidiary of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 
 Note 4. 
 Inventory prepayments Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 Note 5. 
 Machinery and equipment 
 Computer equipment and capitalized software 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Total property and equipment 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 Total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Note 6. 
 million and million, respectively. As part of the annual goodwill impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company determined that the carrying value of its Culture Kings and Rebdolls reporting units exceeded their fair values and recorded a total non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, million of goodwill related to Culture Kings remained, while the goodwill related to Rebdolls was fully impaired. The worsening economic trends in the fourth quarter of 2022, including continued inflation and rising interest rates, as well as unfavorable demand due to changing customer preferences towards a mix of online and physical store shopping led the Company to lower its forecasts and expectations for the Culture Kings and Rebdolls reporting units, driving the reduction in their fair values. goodwill impairment was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, as part of the annual goodwill impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter of 2022, it was determined that the estimated fair value of the mnml reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by . The carrying value of the associated goodwill was million. 
 The goodwill of acquired companies is primarily related to expected improvements in technology performance and functionality, as well as sales growth from future product and service offerings and new customers, together with certain intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill of acquired companies is generally not deductible for tax purposes. 
 Acquisitions (Note 3) 
 Changes in foreign currency translation 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Impairment 
 ) Changes in foreign currency translation 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Note 7. 
 years years years Brands 
 years years years Website design and software system 
 years years Trademarks 
 years years years Total intangible assets 
 Less accumulated amortization 
 ) ) Total intangible assets, net 
 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets with finite useful lives is included in general and administrative expenses and was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In September 2022, we completed an intra-entity transfer of certain intellectual property rights related to Culture Kings brands to one of our subsidiaries in the U.S., aligning the ownership of these rights with our evolving business. The transferred brands had a gross value of million and accumulated amortization of million at the time of transfer and the gross value was reset to the net book value of million upon completion of the transfer. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total amortization expense 
 
 Note 8. 
 million, which was guaranteed by Polly Bidco Pty Ltd. and Polly Holdco Pty Ltd, each subsidiaries of the Company. Princess Polly Group ). The assets of the Princess Polly Group were pledged as security under the Polly Facility. 
 The Polly Facility was available to make cash draws, procure letters of credit instruments and for the provision of ancillary facilities. The Polly Facility was due in November 2021, and was therefore classified as a current liability as of December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had drawn million on the Polly Facility and had million drawn in letters of credit which were held as collateral under various custom bonds agreements. The Company repaid the outstanding balances under the Polly Facility in full and terminated it in February 2021. 
 Rebdolls Revolving Line of Credit 
 Rebdolls had a revolving line of credit for a maximum of million with Bank of America, N.A. The assets of Rebdolls were pledged as security under this line of credit. As of December 31, 2020, Rebdolls had an outstanding balance of million on the revolving line of credit. The Company repaid the outstanding balances under the revolving line of credit in full on February 28, 2021, the date of its maturity, and terminated it. 
 Debt Financing for the Culture Kings Acquisition 
 To fund the acquisition of Culture Kings (refer to Note 3, Acquisitions, for additional information), on March 31, 2021, Polly Holdco Pty Ltd. Polly Holdco ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a debt agreement with a syndicated group, with an affiliate of Fortress Credit Corp as administrative agent, consisting of a million term-loan facility and a million revolving credit facility. 
 Polly Holdco also issued million in senior subordinated notes to certain debt funds of Summit Partners, a related party of the Company (refer to Note 16, Related Party Transactions, for additional information). The combined term loan and senior subordinated notes provided the Company with million, net of loan fees of approximately million. 
 The Company incurred debt issuance costs of million, of which million related to the revolving credit facility, which were capitalized and included in prepaid and other current assets as deferred financing costs and were being amortized over the life of the facility, or years. The remaining million of debt issuance costs relating to the term loan and senior subordinated notes were presented net of the outstanding debt and were being amortized over the life of the outstanding debt, using the effective interest rate method. The Company repaid the term loan, revolving credit facility and senior subordinated notes in full and terminated them in September 2021 in connection with the IPO, as described further below. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

million term loan and a million revolving line of credit, as well as an option for additional term loan of up to million through an accordion feature. Key terms and conditions of each facility were as follows: 
 The million term loan matures after closing and requires the Company to make amortized annual payments of during the first and second years, during the third and fourth years and during the fifth year with the balance of the loan due at maturity. Borrowings under the term loan accrue interest at LIBOR plus an applicable margin dependent upon our net leverage ratio. The highest interest rate under the agreement occurs at a net leverage ratio of greater than x, yielding an interest rate of LIBOR plus . 
 The million revolving line of credit, which matures after closing, accrues interest at LIBOR plus an applicable margin dependent upon our net leverage ratio. The highest interest rate under the agreement occurs at a net leverage ratio of greater than x, yielding an interest rate of LIBOR plus . Additionally, a margin fee of - basis points is assessed on unused amounts under the revolving line of credit, subject to adjustment based on our net leverage ratio. 
 The million accordion feature allows the Company to enter into additional term loan borrowings at terms to be agreed upon at the time of issuance, but on substantially the same basis as the original term loan, which includes the requirement to make amortized annual payments at the same cadence as that of the original term loan. 
 The senior secured credit facility requires that the Company maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio of to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, beginning with the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2021 through maturity. The senior secured credit facility also requires that the Company maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, beginning with the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2021 through maturity. In the event that the Company fails to comply with the financial covenant, the Company will have the option to make certain equity contributions, directly or indirectly, to cure any non-compliance with such covenant, subject to certain other conditions and limitations. Beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, and continuing annually thereafter, the Company is required to make a mandatory prepayment as a percentage of excess cash flows, as defined by the credit agreement, in the period based on the Company triggering certain net debt leverage ratios. Specifically, a mandatory prepayment of of excess cash flows is required if the Company s net leverage ratio exceeds x, and a mandatory prepayment of of excess cash flows is required if the Company s net leverage ratio is greater than or equal to x. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants and did not have any excess cash flows. 
 The Company incurred million of debt issuance costs in relation to the senior secured credit facility. Of this, million relates to the revolving credit facility and is capitalized and included in prepaid and other current assets as deferred financing costs to be amortized over the life of the facility, or years. The remaining million of debt issuance costs relates to the term loan and is presented net of outstanding debt in long term debt on the balance sheet. Debt issuance costs are amortized over the life of the outstanding debt, using the effective interest rate method. 
 In September 2021, the Company used borrowings from the term loan under this senior secured credit facility, together with a portion of the proceeds from the IPO, to repay in full and terminate the previous term loan, revolving credit facility and senior subordinated notes entered into in March 2021 in relation to the Culture Kings acquisition. As part of the repayment, the Company also paid million in prepayment penalties and wrote off million of unamortized debt issuance costs, all of which is included in the loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statements of income. 
 In October 2021, the Company borrowed million under the revolving line of credit at an initial applicable interest rate of and final payoff due on September 24, 2026. The borrowings on the revolving line of credit were used in the acquisition of mnml. In November 2021, subsequent to the draw on the revolver, the Company borrowed million of additional term loan under the accordion feature at substantially the same terms as the original term loan. In December 2021, the borrowings from the accordion feature, along with cash on hand, were used to completely repay the borrowings from the revolving line of credit. In connection with the borrowings under the accordion feature, additional debt issuance costs of million were incurred and presented net of outstanding debt in long term debt on the balance sheet, to be amortized over the life of the accordion, using the effective interest rate method. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

million under the revolving line of credit at an initial applicable interest rate of and final payoff due on September 24, 2026. Additionally, in March 2022, the Company borrowed million under the revolving line of credit at an initial applicable interest rate of and final payoff due on September 24, 2026. In October 2022, the Company borrowed million under the revolving line of credit at an initial applicable rate of and final payoff due on September 24, 2026. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the all-in rate (LIBOR plus the applicable margin) for the Company s term loan and borrowings under the revolving line of credit was . 
 Total Debt and Interest 
 Revolving credit facility 
 Capitalized debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Total debt Less current portion ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 Interest expense, which included the amortization of debt issuance costs, totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 9. 
 year to years, which represent the non-cancellable periods of the leases and include extension options that the Company determined are reasonably certain to be exercised. The Company excludes from the lease terms any extension options that are not reasonably certain to be exercised, ranging from approximately months to years. Lease payments consist primarily of fixed rental payments for the right to use the underlying leased assets over the lease terms as well as payments for common area maintenance and administrative services. The Company often receives customary incentives from landlords, such as reimbursements for tenant improvements and rent abatement periods, which effectively reduce the total lease payments owed for these leases. Leases are classified as operating or financing at commencement. The Company does not have any material financing leases. 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets represent the present value of the remaining lease payments over the remaining lease terms. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to calculate the present value of the lease payments, as the implicit rates in the leases are not readily determinable. Operating lease costs consist primarily of the fixed lease payments included in the operating lease liabilities and are recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. 
 Variable lease costs Short-term lease costs Total lease costs 
 The Company does not have any sublease income and the Company s lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 Other information relating to the Company s operating leases was as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Total remaining lease payments 
 Less: imputed interest 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 Less: current portion 
 ) Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 
 On January 31, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Forum Shops, LLC to lease approximately square feet of selling space located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. The lease commenced in March 2022 and payments began in November 2022 when the store opened. Base rent payments for the first twelve months after the store opened will be approximately million and have subsequent annual increases to such cash payments by each year through the tenth anniversary of the lease commencement. 
 
 Note 10.) ) Foreign 
 ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 
 ) ) 
 94 

Table of Contents 

State 
 Foreign 
 ) Total 
 Deferred: Federal 
 ) ) State 
 ) ) ) Foreign 
 ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 )) ) State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 
 Permanent differences 
 Foreign tax rate differential 
 ) ) Transaction costs 
 ) Equity-based compensation 
 Goodwill impairment 
 Change in tax basis of Culture Kings inventory and intangibles 
 ) Intra-entity transfer of certain intellectual property rights 
 ) Other 
 ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) 
 The foreign tax rate differential relates to differences between the income tax rates in effect in the foreign countries in which the Company operates, in particular Australia where the corporate tax rate is 30 . 
 95 

Table of Contents 

Property and equipment 
 Accruals and reserves Lease liabilities Inventory 
 Foreign exchange gains / losses Loss carryforwards 
 Subtotal Less: Valuation allowance ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Right-of-use assets 
 ) ) Other ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred assets (liabilities) 
 ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a million Australian net operating loss carryforward and a million Australian capital loss carryforward on the intra-entity transfer of certain intellectual property rights from Australia to the U.S. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had net operating loss or capital loss carryforwards. The net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards have no expiration. The Company recorded a full valuation allowance on the capital loss carryforward as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company had gross deferred tax assets of million and million and gross deferred tax liabilities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management has determined the gross deferred tax assets are more likely than not realizable, except for the capital loss carryforward. 
 The Company has provided deferred taxes on unremitted earnings attributable to foreign subsidiaries that have been considered permanently reinvested. As of December 31, 2022, there are unremitted earnings from these operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no uncertain tax positions. 
 The Company is subject to taxation in the United States, Cayman Islands and Australia. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, 2019 and later tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under the normal three-year statute of limitations. For major U.S. states, 2018 and later tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under a four-year statute of limitations. For Australia, 2018 and subsequent tax years remain subject to examination. 
 Tax Contingencies 
 The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and Australia. Significant judgment is required in evaluating the Company s tax positions and determining the provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, the Company considers tax positions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain for the purpose of determining whether a reserve is required, despite the Company s belief that the tax positions are fully supportable. To date the Company has not established a reserve provision because the Company believes that all tax positions are highly certain. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

Note 11. 
 Accrued freight costs 
 Sales tax payable 
 Accrued marketing costs 
 Accrued professional services 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 Total accrued liabilities 

Note 12. 
 shares of the Company s common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan. The number of shares of common stock reserved and available for issuance under the 2021 Plan automatically increased on January 1, 2022 by of the number of shares of the company s common stock outstanding on December 31, 2021, and will continue to automatically increase each January 1 by of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the compensation committee of the Company s board of directors. 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In September 2021, the Company s board of directors adopted, and its stockholders approved, the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP which became effective in connection with the IPO. The ESPP authorizes the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to purchase rights granted to employees. The ESPP includes two components: a Section 423 Component and a Non-Section 423 Component. The Section 423 Component is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code and will be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code and is limited to employees of the Company located in the United States. The Non-Section 423 Component will be granted pursuant to separate offerings designed to achieve tax, securities laws or other objectives for eligible employees of the Company located outside of the United States. 
 A total of shares of the Company s common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The ESPP provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2022, by the lesser of of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the compensation committee of the Company s board of directors. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the first or last day of the offering period, whichever is lower. The fair value of the discount and the look-back period are estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 2018 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 Prior to the IPO, the 2018 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended, (the 2018 Plan provided for the issuance of time-based incentive units and performance-based incentive units issued by Excelerate, L.P. (the predecessor entity of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp.). In connection with the reorganization transactions and the IPO, all of the equity interests in Excelerate, L.P., including outstanding incentive units issued as equity-based compensation under the 2018 Plan, were transferred to New Excelerate, L.P. The incentive units issued under the 2018 Plan participate in distributions from New Excelerate, L.P., but only after investors receive their return of capital plus a specified threshold amount per unit. The total incentive pool size under the plan was units. The 2018 Plan was terminated in September 2021 in connection with the IPO, but continues to govern the terms of outstanding incentive units that were granted prior to the IPO. No further incentive units will be granted under the 2018 Plan. 
 Grant Activity 
 Stock Options 
 The 2021 Plan provides for the issuance of incentive and nonqualified stock options. Under the 2021 Plan, the exercise price of a stock option shall not be less than the fair market value of one share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Stock options have a contractual term, or the period during which they are exercisable, not to exceed from the date of grant, and generally vest over time or based on performance. As of December 31, 2022, all stock option grants have been time-based. 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited/Repurchased 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited/Repurchased 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Vested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options issued under the 2021 Plan, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Expected volatility 
 Expected dividend yield 
 Expected term 
 years years 
 98 

Table of Contents 

while all RSUs issued after that date vest over three years. 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited/Repurchased 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited/Repurchased 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs issued under the 2021 Plan, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Incentive Units 
 The 2018 Plan provided for the issuance of time-based incentive units and performance-based incentive units. Time-based incentive units generally vest over . Performance-based incentive units vested upon the satisfaction of the performance condition as described further below. 
 Time-Based Incentive Partnership Units 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited/Repurchased ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited/Repurchased 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited/Repurchased 
 ) 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Vested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested time-based incentive units issued under the 2018 Plan, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

Expected volatility 
 Expected dividend yield 
 Expected term 
 years years 
 Performance-Based Incentive Units 
 Performance-based incentive units vest upon the satisfaction of a performance condition and become exercisable upon the satisfaction of the market condition. The performance condition was satisfied upon the occurrence of the IPO. As it was not deemed probable until it occurred, all compensation expense related to these awards was recognized at the date of the IPO. The market condition is satisfied upon the initial investor in Excelerate, L.P. receiving an aggregate return equal to times its aggregate investment. As of December 31, 2022, all outstanding performance-based incentive units had been fully expensed. 
 Granted 
 Forfeited 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Vested as of December 31, 2021 
 
 The grant date fair value of the performance-based incentive units was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, modified to allow for vesting only if the value at the distribution date is at or above the performance threshold. 
 Transition Agreement 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company entered into a transition agreement with a former executive whereby all unvested incentive units were forfeited upon her termination. Pursuant to the terms of this transition agreement, the former executive retained vested incentive units following her termination. As permitted by the original terms of the incentive units, the Company exercised its right to repurchase the former executive s remaining vested incentive units for total cash consideration of million payable within a certain period following her termination. As of December 31, 2021, the consideration payable was deducted from additional paid-in capital as it did not exceed the fair value of the repurchased incentive units as of the date of repurchase. The units were repurchased in 2022. 
 ESPP Purchase Rights 
 The Company s initial six-month offering period for the ESPP ended on November 30, 2022. There were shares purchased using ESPP purchase rights with a weighted average purchase price of during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

RSUs ESPP purchase rights Time-based incentive units Performance-based incentive units Total 
 
 Note 13. 
 shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of per share with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the Company s board of directors. 
 Common Stock 
 The Company has class of common stock. In connection with the IPO, the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation became effective, which authorized the issuance of shares of common stock with a par value of per share, with vote per share. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive any dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Company s board of directors. 
 
 Note 14.) ) Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 Net income (loss) per share: Net income (loss) per share, basic and diluted 
 
 Due to the reorganization transactions as described in Note 1 Description of Business, for periods prior to our IPO in September 2021, a split of units held by New Excelerate investors into a proportionate amount of shares of the Company s common stock is reflected in the weighted-average common shares outstanding. The Company used the two-class method in calculating net income per share historically, as it related to the outstanding incentive units. However, for all periods prior to the IPO, there were no potentially dilutive securities. Accordingly, basic and diluted net income per share presented herein and in the consolidated statements of income for all periods prior to the IPO are the same. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

and shares, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of weighted-average diluted common shares outstanding as they had an anti-dilutive effect. 
 
 Note 15. 
 
 Note 16. 
 million in senior subordinated notes to an affiliate of Summit, a global investment firm who has a majority ownership interest in the Company. The senior subordinated notes were subsequently paid in full and terminated in connection with the IPO (refer to Note 8, Debt, for additional information). 
 
 Note 17. 
 million in other expense, net in its consolidated statements of income in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. 
 Partial Repayment of Revolving Line of Credit 
 On February 21, 2023, the Company repaid million of the outstanding balance on its revolving line of credit. The remaining balance is due on September 24, 2026. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This evaluation is performed to determine whether our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. Due to the material weaknesses described below, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. Nevertheless, based on the performance of additional procedures by management designed to ensure reliability of financial reporting, the Company s management has concluded that, notwithstanding the material weaknesses described below, the consolidated financial statements, included in this Form 10-K, fairly present, in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods presented, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our management evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with management and directors of the Company's authorization; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 given the previously identified material weaknesses have not been remediated as of year end. 
 Our independent registered accounting firm will not be required to opine on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

Material Weaknesses 
 We have identified two material weaknesses in the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting in connection with the preparation of our financial statements, as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, that had not been remediated as of December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The Company s management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022: 
 We have not sufficiently designed, implemented and documented internal controls at the entity level and across key business and financial processes to allow us to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial reporting. 
 We have not designed and implemented controls to maintain appropriate segregation of duties in our manual and information technology-based business processes. 
 Remediation Status of Material Weaknesses 
 Material weakness related to the design, implementation and documentation of internal controls at the entity level and across key business and financial processes. 
 We have taken numerous steps to address the underlying causes of this material weakness. We have hired additional experienced financial reporting personnel and put new processes in place to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial reporting. We have also hired a third-party consulting firm with expertise to help us design, implement and document our internal controls across the organization. We have continued with controls implementation, enhanced documentation, understanding of certain processes and have given additional training to individuals performing and overseeing these processes and controls. We have also implemented a monitoring system to provide more timely information on control performance and have increased our oversight capabilities across the company. 
 Material weakness related to appropriate segregation of duties in our manual and information technology-based business processes. 
 Last year, we commenced a process to (i) identify key systems and processes that require improved documentation, (ii) implement enhanced standards designed to meet the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for segregation of duties, (iii) review the design of applicable internal controls and assess any required amendments and (iv) increase the training of accounting and finance staff in relevant areas. 
 While progress has been made to remediate both of the material weaknesses above, as of December 31, 2022, we are still in the process of developing and implementing the enhanced processes and procedures and testing the operating effectiveness of these improved controls. We have provided process and controls training and have incorporated ongoing training and monitoring as part of our overall control environment. We have implemented and continue to implement control improvements and have focused on the increased operational effectiveness of our controls. We believe our actions will be effective in remediating the material weaknesses, and we continue to devote significant time and attention to these efforts. In addition, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the applicable remedial processes and procedures have been in place for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. Accordingly, the material weaknesses above were not remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Schedules have been omitted because they are either not required, not applicable, not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule or the required information is included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference herein: 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit No. 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 21, 2021 
 8-K 001-40828 September 27, 2021 3.1 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., effective September 21, 2021 
 8-K 001-40828 September 27, 2021 3.2 4.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 24, 2021, by and among a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. and the other signatories party thereto 
 8-K 001-40828 September 27, 2021 4.1 4.2 Description of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. s securities 
 10.1 Stockholders Agreement, dated June 23, 2021, by and among a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., New Excelerate, L.P., and certain other equityholders of the Registrant party thereto 
 S-1 333-259028 August 24, 2021 10.2 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement between a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. and its directors and officers 
 S-1 333-259028 August 24, 2021 10.3 10.3 Director Nomination Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2021, by and among a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. and the other signatories party thereto 
 8-K 001-40828 September 27, 2021 10.1 10.4 Syndicated Facility Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2021, by and among a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., KeyBank National Association and the other signatories party thereto 
 8-K 001-40828 September 27, 2021 10.2 10.5 
 a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-259753 September 24, 2021 10.1 10.6 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement 
 S-8 333-259753 September 24, 2021 10.2 10.7 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 S-8 333-259753 September 24, 2021 10.3 10.8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement 
 S-8 333-259753 September 24, 2021 10.4 10.9 
 a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-8 333-259753 September 24, 2021 10.5 10.10 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 21, 2020, by and between Excelerate US, Inc. and Jill Ramsey 
 S-1 333-259028 August 24, 2021 10.10 10.11 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 8 , 2021, by and between Excelerate US, Inc. and Ciaran Long 
 10.12 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 15, 2020, by and between Excelerate US, Inc. and Michael Trembley 
 S-1 333-259028 August 24, 2021 10.12 21.1 Subsidiaries of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) __________ 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not Applicable. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. Dated: March 9, 2023 
 By: /s/ Jill Ramsey Name: Jill Ramsey Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Jill Ramsey Chief Executive Officer and Director March 9, 2023 Jill Ramsey (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Ciaran Long Chief Financial Officer March 9, 2023 Ciaran Long (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Simon Beard Director March 9, 2023 Simon Beard /s/ Wesley Bryett Director March 9, 2023 Wesley Bryett /s/ Christopher Dean Chairman of the Board of Directors March 9, 2023 Christopher Dean /s/ Ilene Eskenazi Director March 9, 2023 Ilene Eskenazi /s/ Sourav Ghosh Director March 9, 2023 Sourav Ghosh /s/ Matthew Hamilton Director March 9, 2023 Matthew Hamilton /s/ Myles McCormick Director March 9, 2023 Myles McCormick /s/ Kelly Thompson Director March 9, 2023 Kelly Thompson 
 108 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 exhibit42-2022.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following is a description of the common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the common stock of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., which is the only security of the Company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 General 
 The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. The following summary description of the common stock is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate and our amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ), copies of which have been filed as exhibits to the Company s periodic reports under the Exchange Act, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). 
 Common stock 
 The following description of certain rights of our common stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate and Bylaws. 
 Voting Rights. Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. The holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Holders of shares of our common stock will vote as a single class on all matters presented to our stockholders for their vote or approval, except for certain amendments to our Certificate described below or as otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate. 
 Dividend and Liquidation Rights. Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor, subject to any statutory or contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and to any restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock. Upon our dissolution or liquidation or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata our remaining assets available for distribution. 
 Miscellaneous. All shares of our common stock outstanding are fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of shares of our common stock do not have preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. 
 Listing. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol AKA. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar . The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, located at 6201 15th Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11219. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws and Certain Provisions of Delaware Law 
 Our Certificate, Bylaws and the DGCL contain provisions that may delay, defer or discourage another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, summarized below, intend to discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids and encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with the board of directors, which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our 

stockholders. However, they also give the board of directors the power to discourage acquisitions that some stockholders may favor. 
 Action by Written Consent, Special Meeting of Stockholders and Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals 
 Our Certificate provides that stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and cannot be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting at any time when Summit Partners LP Summit controls, in the aggregate, less than 35 in voting power of our outstanding common stock. Our Certificate and Bylaws also provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the stockholders can be called only pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the directors or by the Chairman of our Board. Stockholders will not be permitted to call a special meeting provided, however, at any time when Summit controls, in the aggregate, at least 35 in voting power of our outstanding common stock, special meetings of our stockholders shall also be called by our Board or the Chairman of our Board at the written request of Summit or to require the board of directors to call a special meeting. In addition, our Bylaws require advance notice procedures for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders, including the nomination of directors provided, however, at any time when Summit controls, in the aggregate, at least 10 in voting power of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, such advance notice procedure will not apply to Summit. Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider the proposals specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors, or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered a timely written notice in proper form to our secretary, of the stockholder s intention to bring such business before the meeting. These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting any stockholder actions, even if they are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 Classified Board 
 Our Certificate provides that our board of directors will be divided into three classes of directors, with the classes as nearly equal in number as possible. As a result, approximately one-third of our board of directors will be elected each year. The classification of directors will have the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our board. 
 Removal of Directors Vacancies 
 Our Certificate provides that, at any time when (a) Summit beneficially owns at least 40 in voting power, directors may be removed with or without cause by a majority stockholder vote or (b) Summit controls less than 40 in voting power of our outstanding common stock, all directors, including those nominated by Summit, may only be removed for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. In addition, our Certificate provides that any newly-created directorship on the board of directors that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy occurring on the board of directors shall be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. 
 Supermajority Approval Requirements 
 Our Certificate and Bylaws provide that our Board is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend, change, add to, rescind or repeal, in whole or in part, our Bylaws without a stockholder vote in any matter not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware and our Certificate. Any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our Bylaws by our stockholders will require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the company entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. 
 The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation, unless the certificate requires a greater percentage. 

Our Certificate provides that the following provisions in our Certificate may be amended, altered, repealed or rescinded only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 (as opposed to a majority threshold) in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class 
 the provision requiring a 66 2 3 supermajority vote for stockholders to amend our Bylaws 
 the provisions providing for a classified board of directors 
 the provisions regarding resignation and removal of directors 
 the provisions regarding competition and corporate opportunities 
 the provisions regarding entering into business combinations with interested stockholders 
 the provisions regarding stockholder action by written consent 
 the provisions regarding calling special meetings of stockholders 
 the provisions regarding filling vacancies on the Board and newly created directorships 
 the provisions eliminating monetary damages for breaches of fiduciary duty by a director and 
 the amendment provision requiring that the above provisions be amended only with a 66 2 3 supermajority vote. 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 We are not subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes, among other things, a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. 
 Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions (1) before the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder (2) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances or (3) at or after the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the business combination was approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 A Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original charter or an express provision in its charter or bylaws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. 
 We have opted out of Section 203 however our Certificate contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 prior to such time, our board approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares or 

at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of our outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Under certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with the Company for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring the Company to negotiate in advance with our board because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if our board approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 Our Certificate provides that our Principal Stockholder, and any of its direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party, do not constitute interested stockholders for purposes of this provision. 
 Forum Selection 
 Our Certificate provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders (3) any action asserting a claim against us, any director or our officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our Certificate or our Bylaws or (4) any action asserting a claim against us, any director or our officers or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except, as to each of clauses (1) through (4) above, for any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within 10 days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. For the avoidance of doubt, the forum selection provision that identifies the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation, including any derivative action, will not apply to suits to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 Our Certificate and Bylaws provide indemnification for our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. We have also entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors that may, in some cases, be broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained under Delaware law. In addition, as permitted by Delaware law, our Certificate includes provisions that eliminate the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages resulting from breaches of certain fiduciary duties as a director. The effect of this provision is to restrict our rights and the rights of our stockholders in derivative suits to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of fiduciary duties as a director, except that a director will be personally liable for 
 any breach of his duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders 
 acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law 
 any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit or 
 improper distributions to stockholders. 
 These provisions may be held not to be enforceable for violations of the federal securities laws of the United States. 
 Corporate Opportunity Doctrine 

Delaware law permits corporations to adopt provisions renouncing any interest or expectancy in certain opportunities that are presented to the corporation or its officers, directors or stockholders. Our Certificate renounces, to the maximum extent permitted from time to time by Delaware law, any interest or expectancy that we have in, or right to be offered an opportunity to participate in, specified business opportunities that are from time to time presented to certain of our officers, directors or stockholders or their respective affiliates, other than those officers, directors, stockholders or affiliates acting in their capacity as our employee or director. Our Certificate provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our affiliates will not have any duty to refrain from (1) engaging in a corporate opportunity in the same or similar lines of business in which we or our affiliates now engage or propose to engage or (2) otherwise competing with us or our affiliates. In addition, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in the event that any director or stockholder, other than directors or stockholders acting in their capacity as our director or as a stockholder, acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for itself or himself or its or his affiliates or for us or our affiliates, such person will have no duty to communicate or offer such transaction or business opportunity to us or any of our affiliates and they may take any such opportunity for themselves or offer it to another person or entity. In our Certificate, we do not renounce our interest in any business opportunity that is expressly offered to an employee director or employee in his or her capacity as a director or employee of the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no business opportunity will be deemed to be a potential corporate opportunity for us unless we would be permitted to undertake the opportunity under our Certificate, we have sufficient financial resources to undertake the opportunity and the opportunity would be in line with our business. 
 Dissenters Rights of Appraisal and Payment 
 Under the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our stockholders will have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or consolidation of the Company. Pursuant to the DGCL, stockholders who properly request and perfect appraisal rights in connection with such merger or consolidation will have the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. 
 Stockholders Derivative Actions 
 Under the DGCL, any of our stockholders may bring an action in our name to procure a judgment in our favor, also known as a derivative action, provided that the stockholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares at the time of the transaction to which the action relates or such stockholder s stock thereafter devolved by operation of law. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 exhibit1011.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreemen t is entered into as of April 8, 2021, and effective as of April 8, 2021 (the Effective Date ), by and between a.k.a. Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Ciaran Long Executive ). Certain terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9 . 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Executive are party to that certain Offer Letter, fully executed as of March 23, 2021 (the Offer Letter and 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire to enter into this Agreement to document the terms and conditions of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Employment Employment Period . Effective as of the Effective Date, the Company shall employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts such employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, for the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date provided , that, this Agreement shall automatically renew on the same terms and conditions set forth herein, as modified from time to time by the parties hereto, for additional one (1)-year periods beginning on the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date and on each successive anniversary date thereafter, unless either party gives the other party written notice of such party s election not to extend the term of this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to any such renewal date, and p rovided , further , that this Agreement may be earlier terminated as provided in Section 4 . Except as expressly set forth (and subject to the conditions) in Section 4(b) , no other compensation shall be payable for periods after this Agreement expires because it has not been renewed or has been terminated in accordance with its terms. The period of time between the Effective Date and the termination of Executive s employment hereunder shall be referred to herein as the Employment Period . 
 2. Position and Duties . 
 (a) Position Responsibilities . During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and shall have the duties, responsibilities, functions and authority typically accorded to such position, subject to the power and authority of the board of managers (the Board of Excelerate, L.P. Holdings and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO to expand or limit such duties, responsibilities, functions and authority in a manner reasonably consistent with the scope of duties, responsibilities, functions and authority associated with the position of Chief Financial Officer. During the Employment Period, Executive shall render such administrative, financial and other executive and managerial services to Holdings and its Subsidiaries as the Board or the CEO may from time to time direct. 
 (b) Reporting Performance of Duties . Executive shall report to the Board and the CEO, and Executive shall devote Executive s best efforts and all of Executive s full business time and attention (except for permitted vacation periods and reasonable periods of illness or other 

incapacity) to the business and affairs of Holdings and its Subsidiaries. Executive shall perform Executive s duties, responsibilities and functions to and for the benefit of Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries hereunder to the best of Executive s abilities, in a diligent, trustworthy, professional and efficient manner and shall comply with the policies and procedures of Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries in all material respects. In performing Executive s duties and exercising Executive s authority under this Agreement, Executive shall support and implement the business and strategic plans approved from time to time by the Board and shall support and cooperate with the efforts of Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries to expand their respective businesses and operate profitably and in conformity with the business and strategic plans approved by the Board. So long as Executive is employed by the Company, Executive shall not, without the prior written consent or approval of the Board, (i) perform other services, whether or not for compensation, or (ii) cause Holdings, the Company or any of their Subsidiaries to enter into any Affiliate Transaction without prior approval of the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may, with prior written consent of the Board, serve as a director or trustee of any non-profit entity or civic organization, so long as such service does not, separately or in the aggregate, interfere with the fulfillment of Executive s obligations hereunder or create an actual or potential business or fiduciary conflict. 
 3. Compensation and Benefits . 
 (a) Base Salary . During the Employment Period, Executive s base salary shall be Four Hundred Thousand Dollars 400,000.00) per annum and shall be subject to review and increase by the Board on an annual basis (as adjusted from time to time, the Base Salary ), which Base Salary shall be payable by the Company in regular installments in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices as in effect from time to time, but not less frequently than monthly. Executive s Base Salary for any partial year will be pro-rated, with such proration based upon the actual number of days Executive is employed in such year. 
 (b) Business Expenses . During the Employment Period, the Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by Executive in the course of performing Executive s duties and responsibilities under this Agreement, to the extent consistent with the Company s policies in effect from time to time with respect to travel, entertainment and other business expenses, subject to the Company s policy in effect from time to time with respect to reporting and documentation of such expenses. 
 (c) Bonus . For each calendar year ending during the Employment Period (pro rated for any partial years of service), in addition to the Base Salary, Executive will be eligible to earn an annual bonus (the Annual Performance Bonus ), with a target Annual Performance Bonus opportunity equal to 50 of Executive s Base Salary (the Target Bonus provided , that, in order for any Annual Performance Bonus to be payable to Executive, certain minimum established performance criteria must be met. The Annual Performance Bonus will be paid according to a scale based on and escalating from the minimum established performance criteria. Executive s Annual Performance Bonus for a given calendar year, if any, will be based upon Executive s performance and Holdings and its Subsidiaries achievement of financial, operational and performance targets and other objectives to be established on an annual basis by the Board, or the compensation committee of the Board (if there is one) (the Compensation Committee ), no later than thirty (30) days after the first date of the applicable bonus period, in its sole discretion but in 
 2 

consultation with Executive. Any such Annual Performance Bonus for any calendar year shall be paid no later than June 30th of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year to which such Annual Performance Bonus relates, at the same time as annual performance bonuses are paid to other senior executives of the Company, subject to Executive s continued employment through the applicable payment date. 
 (d) Equity Compensation . Subject to approval of the Board, Holdings and Executive will enter into an Incentive Equity Agreement (substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A) substantially simultaneously with the Effective Date, pursuant to which Executive will be issued Incentive Units (as defined in the Incentive Equity Agreement), representing approximately 1.0 of the fully diluted equity of Holdings as of the Effective Date (after taking Executive s Incentive Unit award into account), in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Incentive Equity Agreement. Executive acknowledges that the Company may conduct equity issuance transactions with directors, advisors and employees prior to and following the Effective Date. 
 (e) COBRA Reimbursement . The Company shall reimburse Executive for Executive s actual costs incurred to obtain continued COBRA coverage for the period from the Effective Date until the date on which Executive first becomes eligible to participate in any Company-sponsored health insurance plans. Any such reimbursement under this Section 3(e) shall be subject to Executive s compliance with the relevant requirements of the Company s reimbursement policy in effect from time to time with respect to reporting and documentation of business expenses. 
 (f) Benefits . In addition to (but without duplication of) the Base Salary and any Annual Performance Bonuses payable to Executive pursuant to this Section 3 , Executive shall be entitled to participate in all of the Company s employee benefit programs for which senior executive employees of the Company are generally eligible, including the following benefits, in each case, during the Employment Period 
 (i) health insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, accident insurance and group excess liability insurance coverage that is offered by the Company (assuming Executive and or Executive s family meet the eligibility requirements of such benefit plans) 
 (ii) retirement benefit contributions, including 401(k) contributions, supplemental retirement plan benefits and or other customary forms of such benefits that are offered by the Company 
 (iii) fifteen (15) days of paid time off per year, which shall be taken in accordance with the Company s then-current paid time off policy and subject to the business needs of the Company p rovided , that, Executive may carry over unused paid time off from year to year and p rovided , further , that, the number of Executive s accrued but unused paid time off days may not exceed one and one-half (1 times the number of days of paid time off Executive is allotted per year at any time 
 3 

(iv) ten (10) days of paid sick time per year, which shall be taken in accordance with the Company s then-current sick time policy. Sick time does not carry over from year to year, and Executive shall forfeit any unused sick time on December 31st of each year. Executive will be granted ten (10) days of paid sick time on January 1st of each year 
 (v) six (6) paid Company holidays per year, which shall be taken in accordance with the Company s then-current holiday policy and 
 (vi) four (4) floating holidays that will be treated like paid time off for purposes of tracking, which shall be taken in accordance with the Company s then-current paid time off policy and subject to the business needs of the Company p rovided , that, Executive may carry over unused floating holidaysfrom year to year and p rovided , further , that, the number of Executive s accrued but unused floating holidays may not exceed one and one-half (1 times the number of floating holidays Executive is allotted per year at any time. 
 4. Termination . 
 (a) Termination . The Employment Period shall terminate automatically and immediately upon the first to occur of (i) Executive s resignation for any or no reason, (ii) termination of Executive s employment due to Executive s death or Disability, (iii) termination of Executive s employment by the Company (through action by the Board) for any reason (whether for Cause or without Cause) and (iv) expiration of the term of this Agreement due to either party s non-renewal thereof. The date on which Executive ceases to be employed by the Company for any reason is referred to herein as the Termination Date . Upon the Termination Date, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from any position as an officer, director or fiduciary of any Company related entity. 
 (b) Termination by the Company without Cause . If the Employment Period is terminated by the Company without Cause, then Executive shall be entitled to receive 
 (i) Executive s earned and unpaid Base Salary through the Termination Date 
 (ii) an amount equal to six (6) months of Executive s then current Base Salary (but not as an employee), as a special severance payment, payable pro rata over the six (6)-month period following the Termination Date (such period, the Severance Period in regular installments in accordance with the Company s general payroll practices as in effect on the Termination Date, but in no event less frequently than monthly 
 (iii) any Annual Performance Bonus for which the performance period has been completed and an Annual Performance Bonus has been earned but not yet paid as of the Termination Date (payable at the same time such Annual Performance Bonus would have been paid pursuant to Section 3(c)) and 
 (iv) reimbursement of COBRA premiums for Executive and his eligible dependents each month during the Severance Period. 
 4 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any payments pursuant to Section 4(b)(ii) , Section 4(b)(iii) or Section 4(b)(iv) (and Executive shall forfeit all rights to such payments) unless Executive has executed and delivered to the Company a general release substantially in form and substance as attached hereto as Exhibit B (the General Release ), and such General Release remains in full force and effect, has not been revoked and is no longer subject to revocation, within sixty (60) days of the date of termination, and Executive shall be entitled to receive such payments only so long as Executive has not breached any of the provisions of the General Release or Sections 5 , 6 and 7 hereof (a Fundamental Breach provided , that, Executive will have ten (10) days after receiving written notice from the Company of a Fundamental Breach in which to cure such Fundamental Breach (to the extent capable of cure, as determined by the Board in good faith) . If the General Release is executed and delivered and no longer subject to revocation as provided in the preceding sentence, then the following shall apply 
 (A) To the extent any such cash payment to be provided is not deferred compensation for purposes of Code Section 409A, then such payment shall commence upon the first scheduled payment date immediately after the date the General Release is executed and no longer subject to revocation (the Release Effective Date ). The first such cash payment shall include payment of all amounts that otherwise would have been due prior to the Release Effective Date under the terms of this Agreement applied as though such payments commenced immediately upon Executive s termination of employment, and any payments made after the Release Effective Date shall continue as provided herein. The delayed payments shall in any event expire at the time such payments would have expired had such payments commenced immediately following Executive s termination of employment. 
 (B) To the extent any such cash payment to be provided is deferred compensation for purposes of Code Section 409A, then such payment shall be made or commence upon the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s termination of employment. The first such cash payment shall include payment of all amounts that otherwise would have been due prior thereto under the terms of this Agreement had such payments commenced immediately upon Executive s termination of employment, and any payments made after the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s termination of employment shall continue as provided herein. The delayed payments shall in any event expire at the time such payments would have expired had such payments commenced immediately following Executive s termination of employment. 
 Notwithstanding any other payment schedule provided herein to the contrary, if Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then any payment that is considered deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation from service shall be made on the date which is the earlier of (I) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive and (II) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period to the extent required under Code Section 409A. Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments delayed pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence (whether they otherwise would have been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum, and all remaining payments due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. 
 5 

(c) For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding any implication herein to the contrary, no amounts shall be payable to Executive, and Executive shall have no obligations under this Agreement, including pursuant to Section 4(b) , if this Agreement is terminated by Executive prior to (including by failing to commence employment on) the Effective Date. 
 (d) Other Termination . If the Employment Period is terminated (i) by the Company for Cause, (ii) by Executive for any or no reason, (iii) due to the Company s or Executive s election not to renew the Employment Period, or (iv) due to Executive s death or Disability, then Executive shall be entitled to receive only Executive s earned and unpaid Base Salary through the Termination Date (payable in accordance with Section 3(a) ). 
 (e) N o Other Benefits . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, Executive shall not be entitled to any other salary, bonuses, employee benefits or compensation from Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries from and after the Termination Date, and all of Executive s rights to salary, bonuses, employee benefits and other compensation hereunder which would have accrued or become payable from and after the Termination Date (other than vested retirement benefits accrued on or prior to the Termination Date, accrued life and disability insurance benefits or other amounts owing hereunder as of the Termination Date that have not yet been paid, and or any accrued, but unused, paid time off in accordance with Company policy and applicable law) shall cease upon the Termination Date, other than those expressly required under applicable law (such as COBRA). 
 (f) N o Mitigation . Executive is under no obligation to mitigate damages or the amount of any payment provided for under this Section 4 by seeking other employment or otherwise p rovided , that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Executive s coverage under the Company s health and dental benefit plans through COBRA will terminate when Executive becomes eligible under any employee benefit plan made available by another employer covering health and dental benefits. Executive shall notify the Company promptly, and in any event within thirty (30) days, after becoming eligible for any such benefits. 
 (g) Right of Offset . The Company may offset any bona fide obligations that Executive owes Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates (which for the avoidance of doubt shall not include any unliquidated obligations or obligations to the extent Executive reasonably disputes the nature or amount thereof) against any amounts the Company or any of its Subsidiaries owe Executive hereunder provided , that, notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall any payment under this Agreement that constitutes deferred compensation for purposes of Code Section 409A be subject to offset, counterclaim or recoupment by any other amount unless otherwise permitted by Code Section 409A. 
 (h) Section 409A Compliance . The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively, Code Section 409A ), and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance therewith or exempt therefrom. In no event whatsoever shall the Company or any of its respective Affiliates be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on 
 6 

Executive under Code Section 409A or for any damages resulting from failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 (i) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment, unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A, and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment, termination of the Employment Period or like terms shall mean separation from service. 
 (ii) All expenses or other reimbursements under this Agreement shall be made on or prior to the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which such expenses were incurred by Executive (p rovided , that, if any such reimbursements constitute taxable income to Executive, such reimbursements shall be paid no later than March 15th of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses to be reimbursed were incurred), and no such reimbursement or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any taxable year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year. 
 (iii) For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. 
 (iv) Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days e.g. , payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company. 
 5. Confidential Information . 
 (a) Protection of Confidential Information . Executive acknowledges that the continued success of Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates depends upon the use and protection of confidential and proprietary information. All of such confidential and proprietary information now existing or to be developed in the future will be referred to in this Agreement as Confidential Information . Confidential Information will be interpreted as broadly as possible to include all information of any sort (whether merely remembered or embodied in a tangible or intangible form, and whether or not specifically labeled or identified as confidential that is (i) related to Holdings , the Company s or their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates (including any of their predecessors prior to being acquired by any of the foregoing) current or potential business and (ii) not generally or publicly known. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, the information, observations and data obtained by Executive during the course of Executive s employment concerning the business and affairs of Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates, information concerning (A) acquisition opportunities in, or reasonably related, to Holdings , the Company s or their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates business or industry of which Executive becomes aware prior to or during the course of Executive s employment or service with Holdings, the Company 
 7 

and their respective Subsidiaries (B) identities and requirements of, contractual arrangements with and other information regarding Holdings , the Company s or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates employees (including personnel files and other information), suppliers, distributors, customers, independent contractors, third-party payors, providers or other business relations and their confidential information, including, without limitation, billing information, credit card information, bank account information and other information concerning customers (C) internal business information, including development, transition and transformation plans, methodologies and methods of doing business, strategic, staffing, training, marketing, promotional, sales and expansion plans and practices, including plans regarding planned and potential sales, historical and projected financial information, budgets and business plans, risk management practices, negotiation strategies and practices, opinion leader lists and databases, customer service approaches, integration processes, new and existing programs and services, cost, rate and pricing structures and terms and requirements and costs of providing service, support and equipment (D) trade secrets, technology, know-how, compilations of data and analyses, techniques, systems, formulae, research, records, reports, manuals, flow charts, documentation, models, data and data bases, computer software, including operating systems, applications and program listings (E) devices, discoveries, concepts, ideas, inventions, innovations, improvements, developments, methods, designs, analyses, drawings, photographs, reports and all similar or related information (whether or not patentable and whether or not reduced to practice) (F) copyrightable works (G) intellectual property of every kind and description and (H) all similar and related information in whatever form. Executive further acknowledges that the Confidential Information obtained or learned by Executive during the course of Executive s employment or service (including, for all purposes herein, prior to the Effective Date) with Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates concerning their business or affairs is their property. Therefore, Executive agrees that Executive shall not disclose to any unauthorized Person or use for Executive s own account any of such Confidential Information, whether or not developed by Executive, without the Board s prior written consent, unless and to the extent that such Confidential Information (I) becomes generally known to and available for use by the public, other than as a result of Executive s acts or omissions to act, or (II) is required to be disclosed pursuant to any applicable law or court order. Executive shall take reasonable and appropriate steps to safeguard Confidential Information and to protect it against disclosure, misuse, espionage, loss and theft. Executive agrees to deliver to the Company at the end of the Employment Period, or at any other time the Company may request in writing, all copies and embodiments, in whatever form, of memoranda, notes, plans, records, reports, studies and other documents and data, relating to the business or affairs of Holdings, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates (including, without limitation, all Confidential Information and Work Product (as defined below)) that Executive may then possess or have under Executive s control. 
 (b) Use of Confidential Information . During the course of Executive s employment with Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries, Executive shall not use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets, if any, of any former employers or any other Person to whom Executive has an obligation of confidentiality, and shall not bring onto the premises of Holdings, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates any unpublished documents or any property belonging to any former employer or any other Person to whom Executive has an obligation of confidentiality, unless consented to in writing by the former employer or Person. Executive shall use in the performance of Executive s duties only information that is (i) generally known and used by persons with training and experience comparable to 
 8 

Executive s and that is common knowledge in the industry (ii) otherwise legally in the public domain or (iii) otherwise provided or developed by Holdings, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates or, in the case of materials, property or information belonging to any former employer or other Person to whom Executive has an obligation of confidentiality, approved for such use in writing by such former employer or person. If at any time during Executive s employment, Executive believes Executive is being asked to engage in work that will, or will be likely to, jeopardize any confidentiality or other obligations Executive may have to former employers, then Executive shall immediately advise the Board so that Executive s duties may be modified appropriately. 
 (c) Past Employment . Executive represents and warrants that Executive took nothing that belonged to any former employer when Executive left Executive s prior position and that Executive has nothing that contains any information that belongs to any former employer. If at any time Executive discovers this is incorrect, Executive shall promptly return any such materials to Executive s former employer. The Company does not want any such materials, and Executive shall not be permitted to use or refer to any such materials in the performance of Executive s duties hereunder. 
 (d) Third-Party Information . Executive understands that Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates will receive from third parties confidential or proprietary information Third-Party Information subject to a duty on Holdings , the Company s and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. During the Employment Period and thereafter, and without in any way limiting the provisions of Section 5(a) 
 above, Executive will hold Third-Party Information in the strictest confidence and will not disclose to anyone (other than personnel of Holdings, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates who need to know such information in connection with their work for Holdings, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates) or use, except in connection with Executive s work for Holdings, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates, Third Party Information unless expressly authorized by the Board in writing. 
 (e) Whistleblower Protections . Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Holdings, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates, Executive or their respective attorneys from (i) making any disclosure of relevant and necessary information or documents in any action, investigation or proceeding relating to this Agreement, or as required by law or legal process, including with respect to possible violations of law (ii) participating, cooperating or testifying in any action, investigation or proceeding with, or providing information to, any governmental agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization and or pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or (iii) accepting any U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission awards. In addition, nothing in this Agreement prohibits or restricts Holdings, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates or Executive from initiating communications with, or responding to any inquiry from, any regulatory or supervisory authority regarding any good faith concerns about possible violations of law or regulation. 
 (f) Defend Trade Secret Act . Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret of Holdings, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates that (i) 
 9 

is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to Executive s attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by Holdings, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to Executive s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret except under court order. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such section. 
 6. Ownership of Intellectual Property, Inventions and Patents . Executive acknowledges that all intellectual property, including, without limitation, all discoveries, concepts, ideas, inventions, innovations, improvements, developments, methods, processes, programs, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, patent applications, copyrightable work and mask work (whether or not including any confidential information) and all registrations or applications related thereto, all other proprietary information and all similar or related information (whether or not patentable) which relate to Holdings , the Company s or any of their respective Subsidiaries actual or anticipated business, research and development or existing or future products or services and which are conceived, developed, contributed to, made or reduced to practice by Executive (whether alone or jointly with others) while employed or engaged by the Company, whether before or after the date of this Agreement, including any of the foregoing that constitutes any proprietary information or records Work Product ), belong to Holdings, the Company or such respective Subsidiary. Any copyrightable work prepared in whole or in part by Executive in the course of Executive s work for any of the foregoing entities shall be deemed a work made for hire to the maximum extent permitted under copyright laws, and Holdings, the Company or such respective Subsidiary shall own all rights therein. To the extent any such copyrightable work or the intellectual property rights in the Work Product is not a work made for hire, Executive hereby assigns nunc pro tunc , effective as of the first date of Executive s employment or engagement by Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries) and agrees to assign to Holdings, the Company or such respective Subsidiary all right, title and interest, including, without limitation, copyright and all other intellectual property rights, in and to such copyrightable work and other Work Product. Executive shall promptly disclose such Work Product to the Board and, at the Company s expense, perform all actions reasonably requested by the Board (whether during or after the Employment Period) to establish and confirm such ownership by Holdings, the Company or such respective Subsidiary (including, without limitation, assignments, consents, powers of attorney and other instruments). 
 7. Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) Restricted Activities . In further consideration of the employment opportunity provided and compensation to be paid to Executive hereunder, Executive acknowledges that, during the course of Executive s employment with Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries, Executive shall become familiar with Holdings , the Company s and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates trade secrets and with other Confidential Information concerning Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates, and that Executive s services shall be of special, unique and extraordinary value to Holdings, the 
 10 

Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Therefore, in further consideration of the employment opportunity provided and compensation to be paid to Executive hereunder and without limiting any other obligations of Executive pursuant to this Agreement, in order to protect the legitimate business interests and goodwill of Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates, Executive agrees that, during the Employment Period, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, acquire or hold, beneficially or otherwise, any economic, financial or other interest (whether an equity interest or otherwise) in, act as an equity holder or employee, director, manager, independent contractor or representative of, manage, control, operate, consult with, render services in any capacity for, or otherwise participate in any Person (including any division, group or franchise of a larger organization), other than Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries, which engages in, or engages in the management or operation of any Person that engages in, any business that competes with or otherwise engages in any aspect of the Business in any geographic area in which Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries conduct their Business, including North America, Australia, Europe, Asia, South America and Africa and beyond. For purposes of this Agreement, the term participate in shall include having any direct or indirect interest in any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity, whether as a sole proprietor, owner, stockholder, partner, joint venturer, creditor or otherwise, or rendering any direct or indirect service or assistance to any Person (whether as a director, officer, manager, supervisor, employee, agent, consultant or otherwise). Notwithstanding the restrictions specified in this Section 7(a) , nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit Executive from (i) owning, solely as a passive investment, the securities of an entity which are publicly traded on a national or regional stock exchange or on the over-the-counter market or investing through a private equity fund in securities of an entity that is not publicly traded provided , that, Executive does not, directly or indirectly, own 2 or more of any class of securities of such entity, or (ii) owning, solely as a passive investment, the securities of an entity which are not publicly traded provided , that, such entity (including each of its Subsidiaries) is not engaged in the Business. For purposes herein, Business means the business of online fast fashion apparel (including designing, manufacturing, marketing and selling such apparel), as the same may be altered, amended, supplemented or otherwise changed from time to time, and any other business in which Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries is engaged during the course of Executive s employment with Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries. 
 (b) N on-Solicit . Executive shall not, directly or indirectly through another Person (other than on behalf of Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries), either individually or acting in concert with another Person or Persons, (i) induce or attempt to induce any employee or independent contractor of Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries to leave the employ or services of Holdings, the Company or such respective Subsidiary, or in any way interfere with the relationship between Holdings, the Company or any such respective Subsidiary and any employee or independent contractor thereof during the course of Executive s employment with Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries or the one (1)-year period following the termination of Executive s employment with Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries, or (ii) induce or attempt to induce any customer, supplier, licensee, licensor or other business relation of Holdings, the Company or any respective Subsidiary to cease doing business with Holdings, the Company or such respective Subsidiary, or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such customer, supplier, licensor or other business relation and Holdings, the Company or any respective Subsidiary (including, without limitation, making any negative or disparaging statements about or communications regarding 
 11 

Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries) during the course of Executive s employment with Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries. 
 (c) N on-Disparagement . Without limiting any other obligation of Executive pursuant to this Agreement, Executive hereby covenants and agrees that, except as may be required by applicable law, Executive shall not make any statement, written or verbal, in any forum or media, or take any other action in disparagement of Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates, during the course of Executive s employment with Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries. The Company agrees to instruct Board members and its senior executives not to, while serving as a Board member or employed by the Company, as the case may be, make negative comments about Executive or otherwise disparage Executive in any manner that is likely to be harmful to Executive s business reputation. The foregoing shall not be violated by truthful statements in response to legal process, required governmental testimony or filings, or administrative or arbitral proceedings (including, without limitation, depositions in connection with such proceedings), and the foregoing limitation on Board members and the Company s senior executives shall not be violated by statements that they in good faith believe are necessary or appropriate to make in connection with performing their duties and obligations to the Company. 
 (d) Blue-Pencil . If, at the time of enforcement of Sections 5 or 6 or this Section 7 , a court shall hold that the duration, scope or area restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties agree that the maximum duration, scope or area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated duration, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum duration, scope and area permitted by law. Executive hereby acknowledges that the restrictions in Sections 5 and 6 and this Section 7 are reasonable and represents that Executive has either consulted with independent legal counsel regarding Executive s rights and obligations under this Agreement or knowingly and voluntarily waived the opportunity to do so and that Executive fully understands the terms and conditions contained herein. 
 (e) Additional Acknowledgments . Executive acknowledges that the provisions of Sections 5 and 6 and this Section 7 are in consideration of Executive s employment with the Company, the future issuance of incentive equity to Executive by Holdings and other good and valuable consideration as set forth in this Agreement. In addition, Executive agrees and acknowledges that the restrictions contained in Sections 5 and 6 and this Section 7 do not preclude Executive from earning a livelihood, nor do they unreasonably impose limitations on Executive s ability to earn a living. In addition, Executive acknowledges (i) that the business of Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries will be conducted throughout North America, Australia, Europe, Asia, South America and Africa and beyond (ii) notwithstanding the state of organization or principal office of Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or facilities, or any of their respective executives or employees (including Executive), it is expected that Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries will have business activities and have valuable business relationships within its industry throughout North America, Australia, Europe, Asia, South America and Africa and beyond and (iii) as part of Executive s responsibilities, Executive will be traveling throughout North America, Australia, Europe, Asia, South America and Africa and other jurisdictions where Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries conduct business during the course of Executive s employment with 
 12 

Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries in furtherance of their business relationships. Executive agrees and acknowledges that the restrictions contained in Sections 5 and 6 and this Section 7 are necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and that the potential harm to Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries of the non-enforcement of any provision of Sections 5 and 6 and this Section 7 outweighs any potential harm to Executive of its enforcement by injunction or otherwise. Executive acknowledges that Executive has carefully read this Agreement and either consulted with legal counsel of Executive s choosing regarding its contents or knowingly and voluntarily waived the opportunity to do so, has given careful consideration to the restraints imposed upon Executive by this Agreement and is in full accord as to their necessity for the reasonable and proper protection of confidential and proprietary information of Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates now existing or to be developed in the future. Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that each and every restraint imposed by this Agreement is reasonable with respect to subject matter, duration and geographical area. 
 (f) Specific Performance . In the event of the breach or a threatened breach by Executive of any of the provisions of Sections 5 or 6 or this Section 7 , Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates would suffer material and irreparable harm and money damages would not be a sufficient or adequate remedy for any such breach and, in addition and supplementary to other rights and remedies existing in its favor whether hereunder (including Section 7 or under any other agreement, at law or in equity, the Company shall be entitled to specific performance and or injunctive or other equitable relief from a court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction in order to enforce or prevent any violations of the provisions hereof (without posting a bond, deposit or other security). In addition, in the event of an alleged breach or violation by Executive thereof, any post-termination restriction pursuant to Section 7(b)(i) shall be tolled until such breach or violation has been duly cured. 
 8. Executive s Representations . Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that (a) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Executive do not and shall not conflict with, breach, violate or cause a default under any contract, agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which Executive is a party or by which Executive is bound (b) except as previously disclosed to the Company in writing (a copy of such agreement having been provided to the Company and with respect to which all noncompete restrictions shall expire prior to the commencement of the Employment Period), Executive is not a party to or bound by any employment agreement, noncompete agreement or confidentiality agreement with any other person or entity and (c) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, this Agreement shall be the valid and binding obligation of Executive, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Executive hereby acknowledges and represents that Executive has either consulted with independent legal counsel regarding Executive s rights and obligations under this Agreement or knowingly and voluntarily waived the opportunity to do so and that Executive fully understands the terms and conditions contained herein. 
 9. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 Affiliate of any particular Person shall mean any other Person controlling, controlled by or under common control or common investment management with such particular 
 13 

Person, where control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, contract or otherwise, and such control shall be conclusively presumed if any Person owns 10 or more of the voting capital stock or other equity securities, directly or indirectly, of any other Person. 
 Affiliate Transaction shall mean any agreement, transaction (including hiring), commitment or arrangement between Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any of Holdings or any of its Subsidiary s then existing officers, managers, directors, employees, equityholders or Affiliates or with any individual related by blood, marriage or adoption to any such individual or with any entity in which any such Person or individual owns a beneficial interest, on the other hand. 
 Cause shall mean with respect to Executive one or more of the following (a) the indictment for, conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to (i) a felony (other than a driving offense related solely to driving in excess of the speed limit), (ii) any other crime involving moral turpitude, or (iii) any crime involving misappropriation, embezzlement or fraud with respect to Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of their customers or suppliers (b) misconduct that would reasonably be expected to cause Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries substantial public disgrace or disrepute or economic harm (c) repeated refusal to perform duties consistent with this Agreement as lawfully directed by the Board, including, without limitation, (i) Executive s persistent neglect of duty or chronic unapproved absenteeism (other than due to Executive s Disability) or (ii) Executive s refusal to comply with any lawful directive or policy of the Board which, in each case, is incurable or not cured to the Board s reasonable satisfaction within ten (10) days after written notice thereof to Executive (d) any act or knowing omission aiding or abetting a competitor, supplier or customer of Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries to the disadvantage or detriment of Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries (e) breach of fiduciary duty, gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries (f) use of alcohol, drugs or other similar substances that materially impairs Executive s ability to perform Executive s duties under this Agreement or (g) any other material breach by Executive of this Agreement or any other agreement between Executive and Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries which is incurable or not cured to the Board s reasonable satisfaction within ten (10) days after written notice thereof to Executive. 
 Disabled shall mean that, as a result of Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness, Executive is considered disabled under the Company s long-term disability insurance plans or, in the absence of such plans, Executive is unable to perform the essential duties, responsibilities and functions of Executive s position with the Company and their Subsidiaries and Affiliates for a period of not less than one hundred eighty (180) days in any three hundred sixty five (365)-day period (whether or not consecutive) as a result of any mental or physical disability or incapacity even with reasonable accommodations of such disability or incapacity provided by the Company and their Subsidiaries and Affiliates or if providing such accommodations would be unreasonable, all as determined by the Board in its good faith judgment. Executive shall cooperate in all respects with the Company if a question arises as to whether Executive has become Disabled (including, without limitation, submitting to an examination by a medical doctor or other health care specialists selected by the Company, with input from Executive, and authorizing such medical doctor or such other health care specialist to discuss Executive s condition with the Company). 
 14 

Incentive Equity Agreement shall mean that certain Incentive Equity Agreement, dated on or about the Effective Date, by and among Executive, the Company and Holdings, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A . 
 Person shall mean an individual, a partnership, a corporation (whether or not for profit), a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture or other business entity, an unincorporated organization or a governmental entity or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof. 
 Subsidiary , when used with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation or other entity of which the securities or other ownership interests having the voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other governing body are, at the time of determination, owned by such Person or of which such Person serves as the managing member or in a similar capacity or of which such Person holds a majority of the partnership or limited liability company or similar interests or is otherwise entitled to receive a majority of distributions made by it, in each case, directly or through one or more Subsidiaries, and any other Person in which such Person directly or indirectly invests. 
 10. Survival . Sections 4 through 24 (other than Section 22 shall survive and continue in full force in accordance with their terms notwithstanding the expiration or termination of the Employment Period. 
 11. N otices . Any notice provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered, sent by facsimile (with hard copy to follow), sent by reputable overnight courier service, or mailed by first class mail, return receipt requested, to the recipient at the address below indicated 
 Notices to Executive 
 Ciaran Long 
 At the address shown in the books and records of the Company. 
 Notices to the Company 
 a.k.a. Brands, Inc. 
 9255 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1100 
 West Hollywood, CA 90096 
 Attention Jill Ramsey 
 Jonathan Harvey 
 Email Jill aka-brands.com 
 Jonathan aka-brands.com 
 With copies to 
 a.k.a. Brands, Inc. 
 c o Summit Partners 
 222 Berkeley Street 
 Boston, MA 02116 
 15 

Attention Christopher J. Dean 
 Matthew G. Hamilton 
 Email CDean summitpartners.com 
 MHamilton summitpartners.com 
 and 
 Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
 300 North LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, IL 60654 
 Attention Brian C. Van Klompenberg, P.C. 
 Email bvanklompenberg kirkland.com 
 Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
 200 Clarendon Street 
 Boston, MA 02116 
 Attention Matthew D. Cohn, P.C. 
 Email matthew.cohn kirkland.com 
 or such other address or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party shall have specified by prior written notice to the sending party. Any notice under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given when so delivered or sent by facsimile (subject to automatic proof of transmission), one day after being sent by overnight courier or three (3) days after being mailed by first class mail, return receipt requested, as applicable. 
 12. Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any Person or circumstance shall be held to be prohibited by, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such provision shall be ineffective only in the jurisdiction where so held and only to the extent of such prohibition or illegality or unenforceability, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 13. Complete Agreement . This Agreement and those documents expressly referred to herein embody the complete agreement and understanding among the parties with respect to, and supersede and preempt any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties, written or oral, which may have related to, the subject matter hereof in any way, including, without limitation, any prior employment agreement, including the Offer Letter, by and between Executive and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 14. N o Strict Construction . The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties hereto to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party. 
 15. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts (including by means of facsimile or by electronic transmission in portable document format (pdf) or comparable electronic transmission), each of which is deemed to be an original and all of which taken together constitute one and the same agreement. 
 16 

16. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement is personal in nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder provided , that, (a) this Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees and legatees (but otherwise will not otherwise be assignable, transferable or delegable by Executive), and (b) this Agreement will be assignable, transferable or delegable by the Company without the consent of Executive to Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or to any successor (whether direct or indirect, in whatever form of transaction) to all or substantially all of their business or assets (none of which shall constitute a termination of Executive s employment hereunder). 
 17. Choice of Law . All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement and the exhibits and schedules hereto shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of California or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of California. 
 18. Amendment and Waiver . The provisions of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the prior written consent of the Company (as approved by the Board) and Executive which consent shall specifically state the intent of both parties hereto to supplement the terms herein, and no course of conduct or course of dealing or failure or delay by any party hereto in enforcing or exercising any of the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Company s right to terminate the Employment Period for Cause) shall affect the validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Agreement or be deemed to be an implied waiver of any provision of this Agreement. 
 19. Insurance . The Company and or Holdings may, at its discretion, apply for and procure in its own name and for its own benefit life and or disability insurance on Executive in any amount or amounts considered advisable. Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate in any medical or other examination, supply any information and execute and deliver any applications or other instruments in writing as may be reasonably necessary to obtain and constitute such insurance. Executive hereby represents that Executive has no reason to believe that Executive s life is not insurable at rates now prevailing for a healthy person of Executive s age. 
 20. Indemnification and Reimbursement of Payments on Behalf of Executive . Holdings and its Subsidiaries shall be entitled to deduct or withhold from any amounts owing from Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to Executive any federal, state, local or foreign withholding taxes, excise tax or employment taxes Taxes imposed with respect to Executive s compensation or other payments from Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Executive s ownership interest in Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, wages, bonuses, dividends, the receipt or exercise of equity options and or the receipt or vesting of restricted equity), as may be required to be deducted or withheld by any applicable law or regulation. In the event Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries does not make such deductions or withholdings, Executive shall indemnify Holdings and its Subsidiaries for any amounts paid with respect to any such Taxes, together (if such failure to 
 17 

withhold was at the written direction of Executive) with any interest, penalties and related expenses thereto. 
 21. Waiver of Jury Trial . THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT EACH HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION (A) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR (B) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO, IN EACH CASE, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY OR OTHERWISE. THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT EACH HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY AND THAT THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE AGREEMENT AND CONSENT OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
 22. Corporate Opportunity . During the Employment Period, Executive shall submit to the Board all business, commercial and investment opportunities or offers presented to Executive or of which Executive becomes aware which relate to the business of Holdings, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries, at any time during the Employment Period Corporate Opportunities ). During the Employment Period, unless approved by the Board, Executive shall not accept or pursue, directly or indirectly, any Corporate Opportunities on Executive s own behalf. 
 23. Executive s Cooperation . During the Employment Period and thereafter during Executive s lifetime, Executive shall cooperate with Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates in any internal investigation or administrative, regulatory or judicial investigation or proceeding or any dispute with any third party as reasonably requested by Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates (including, without limitation, Executive being available to Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing at Holdings , the Company s or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates request to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, volunteering to Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates all pertinent information and turning over to Holdings, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates all relevant documents which are or may come into Executive s possession, all at times and on schedules that are reasonably consistent with Executive s other permitted activities and commitments). In the event Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates requires Executive s cooperation in accordance with this Section 23 , the Company shall pay Executive a reasonable per diem as determined by the Board and reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection therewith (including lodging and meals, upon submission of receipts). 
 24. Indemnification . During the term of Executive s employment and thereafter, the Company agrees that it shall indemnify Executive and provide Executive with 
 18 

Directors & Officers liability insurance coverage to the same extent that it indemnifies and or provides such insurance coverage to the Board and other most senior executive officers. 
 25. Delivery by Facsimile or PDF . This Agreement, the agreements referred to herein, and each other agreement or instrument entered into in connection herewith or therewith or contemplated hereby or thereby, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a facsimile machine or electronic transmission in pdf, shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument, each other party hereto or thereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other parties. No party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the use of a facsimile machine or electronic transmission in pdf to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine or electronic transmission in pdf as a defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and each such party forever waives any such defense. 

19 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 A.K.A. BRANDS, INC. 
 By ______________________________ 
 Name Jill Ramsey 
 Its Chief Executive Officer 
 __________________________________ 
 Ciaran Long 

Exhibit A 
 Incentive Equity Agreement 

Exhibit B 
 GENERAL RELEASE 
 I, Ciaran Long, in consideration of and subject to the performance by a.k.a. Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, the Company ), of its obligations under the Employment Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2021 (the Agreement ), do hereby release and forever discharge as of the date hereof Excelerate, L.P. Holdings ), the Company and their Subsidiaries and Affiliates (each as defined therein) and all present and former managers, directors, officers, agents, representatives, employees, successors and assigns of Holdings, the Company and their Subsidiaries and Affiliates and their direct and indirect owners (collectively, the Released Parties to the extent provided below. 
 1. I understand that any payments or benefits paid or granted to me under Section 4(b)(ii) of the Agreement represent, in part, consideration for signing this General Release and are not salary, wages or benefits to which I was already entitled. I understand and agree that I will not receive the payments and benefits specified in Section 4(b)(ii) of the Agreement unless I execute this General Release and do not revoke this General Release within the time period permitted hereafter or breach this General Release. Such payments and benefits will not be considered compensation for purposes of any employee benefit plan, program, policy or arrangement maintained or hereafter established by the Company or its affiliates. I also acknowledge and represent that I have received all payments and benefits that I am entitled to receive (as of the date hereof) by virtue of any employment by the Company. 
 2. Except as provided in paragraph 4 below and except for the provisions of the Agreement that expressly survive the termination of my employment with the Company, I knowingly and voluntarily (for myself, my heirs, executors, administrators and assigns) release and forever discharge the Company and the other Released Parties from any and all claims, suits, controversies, actions, causes of action, cross-claims, counter-claims, demands, debts, compensatory damages, liquidated damages, punitive or exemplary damages, other damages, claims for costs and attorneys fees, or liabilities of any nature whatsoever in law and in equity, both past and present (through the date I executed this General Release) and whether known or unknown, suspected, or claimed against the Company or any of the Released Parties that I, my spouse, or any of my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, may have, which arise out of or are connected with my employment with, or my separation or termination from, the Company (including, but not limited to, any allegation, claim or violation, arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended the Civil Rights Act of 1991 the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (including the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act) the Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 the Worker Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 any applicable Executive Orders the Fair Labor Standards Act or their state or local counterparts or under any other federal, state or local civil or human rights law, or under any other local, state, or federal law, regulation or ordinance or under any public policy, contract or tort, or under common law or arising under any policies, practices or procedures of the Company or any claim for wrongful discharge, breach of contract, infliction of emotional distress, defamation or any claim for costs, fees, or other expenses, 

including attorneys fees incurred in these matters) (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as the Claims ). 
 I have read Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which provides as follows 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 I understand that Section 1542 gives me the right not to release existing claims of which I am not aware, unless I voluntarily choose to waive this right. Having been so apprised, I hereby voluntarily elect to and do waive the rights described in Section 1542 and elect to assume all risks for claims that existed in my favor, known or unknown. 
 3. I represent that I have made no assignment or transfer of any right, claim, demand, cause of action, or other matter covered by paragraph 2 above. 
 4. I agree that this General Release does not waive or release any rights or claims that (i) I may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 that arise after the date I execute this General Release, (ii) are for coverage under any D&O or other similar insurance policy or (iii) are for indemnification under any agreement or arrangement with the Company. I acknowledge and agree that my separation from employment with the Company is in compliance with the terms of the Agreement and company policy and shall not serve as the basis for any Claim (including, without limitation, any claim under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967). 
 5. I agree that I am waiving all rights to sue or obtain equitable, remedial or punitive relief from any or all Released Parties of any kind whatsoever, including, without limitation, reinstatement, back pay, front pay, attorneys fees and any form of injunctive relief. Notwithstanding the above, I further acknowledge that I am not waiving and am not being required to waive any right that cannot be waived under applicable law, including the right to file an administrative charge or participate in an administrative investigation or proceeding provided, however, that I disclaim and waive any right to share or participate in any monetary award resulting from the prosecution of such charge or investigation or proceeding. 
 6. In signing this General Release, I acknowledge and intend that it shall be effective as a bar to each and every one of the Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. I expressly consent that this General Release shall be given full force and effect according to each and all of its express terms and provisions, including those relating to unknown and unsuspected Claims (notwithstanding any state statute that expressly limits the effectiveness of a general release of unknown, unsuspected and unanticipated Claims), if any, as well as those relating to any other Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. I acknowledge and agree that this waiver is an essential 

and material term of this General Release and that without such waiver the Company would not have agreed to the terms of the Agreement. I further agree that in the event I should bring a Claim seeking damages against the Company, or in the event I should seek to recover against the Company in any Claim brought by a governmental agency on my behalf, this General Release shall serve as a complete defense to such Claims to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. 
 7. I represent that I am not aware of any pending charge or complaint of the type described in paragraph 2 above as of the execution of this General Release. I represent that I am not aware of any claim by me other than the claims that are released by this General Release. I acknowledge that I may hereafter discover claims or facts in addition to or different than those which I now know or believe to exist with respect to the subject matter of the release set forth in paragraph 2 above and which, if known or suspected at the time of entering into this General Release, may have materially affected this General Release and my decision to enter into it. Nevertheless, I hereby waive any right, claim or cause of action that might arise as a result of such different or additional claims or facts. 
 8. I agree that neither this General Release, nor the furnishing of the consideration for this General Release, shall be deemed or construed at any time to be an admission by the Company, any Released Party or myself of any improper or unlawful conduct. 
 9. I agree that I will forfeit all amounts payable by the Company pursuant to Section 4(b)(ii) of the Agreement if I challenge the validity of this General Release. I also agree that if I violate this General Release by suing the Company or the other Released Parties, I will pay all costs and expenses of defending against the suit incurred by the Released Parties, including attorneys fees, and upon the Company s request return all payments theretofore received by me pursuant to Section 4(b)(ii), Section 4(b)(iii) and or Section 4(b)(iv) of the Agreement. 
 10. I agree that this General Release and the Agreement are confidential and agree not to disclose any information regarding the terms of this General Release or the Agreement, except to my immediate family and any tax, legal or other counsel I have consulted regarding the meaning or effect hereof or as required by law or legal process, and I will instruct each of the foregoing not to disclose the same to anyone. 
 11. Any non-disclosure provision in this General Release does not prohibit or restrict me (or my attorney) from responding to any inquiry about this General Release or its underlying facts and circumstances by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (NASD), any other self- regulatory organization or governmental entity. 
 12. I agree not to disparage any of the Released Parties or their past and present investors, officers, directors or employees or their affiliates and to keep all confidential and proprietary information about the past or present business affairs of the Released Parties confidential unless a prior written release from the Company is obtained. I further agree that, as of the date hereof, I have returned to the Company any and all property, tangible or intangible, relating to its business, that I possessed or had control over at any time (including, but not limited to, company-provided credit cards, building or office access cards, keys, computer equipment, 

manuals, files, documents, records, software, customer data base and other data) and that I shall not retain any copies, compilations, extracts, excerpts, summaries or other notes of any such manuals, files, documents, records, software, customer data base or other data. 
 13. Notwithstanding anything in this General Release to the contrary, this General Release shall not relinquish, diminish, or in any way affect (i) any rights or claims arising out of any breach by the Company or by any Released Party of the Agreement after the date hereof, (ii) any vested rights I may have under the employee benefit plans, programs, or policies of the Company and its affiliates (iii) any indemnification rights to which I may be entitled under the Company s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, by contract, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify me or hold me harmless, (iv) my rights following the date hereof with respect to any equity interests I hold in the Company or any of its past or present affiliates or (v) any rights or claims that cannot be waived by law. 
 14. Whenever possible, each provision of this General Release shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this General Release is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction such invalidity, illegality and unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or its validity and enforceability in any other jurisdiction, but this General Release shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 BY SIGNING THIS GENERAL RELEASE, I REPRESENT AND AGREE THAT 
 (a) I HAVE READ IT CAREFULLY 
 (b) I UNDERSTAND ALL OF ITS TERMS AND KNOW THAT I AM GIVING UP IMPORTANT RIGHTS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, RIGHTS UNDER THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT OF 1967, AS AMENDED TITLE VII OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964, AS AMENDED THE EQUAL PAY ACT OF 1963 THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990 AND THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
 (c) I VOLUNTARILY CONSENT TO EVERYTHING IN IT 
 (d) I HAVE BEEN ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE EXECUTING IT AND I HAVE DONE SO OR, AFTER CAREFUL READING AND CONSIDERATION, I HAVE CHOSEN NOT TO DO SO OF MY OWN VOLITION 
 (e) I HAVE HAD AT LEAST TWENTY-ONE (21) FORTY-FIVE (45) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF MY RECEIPT OF THIS GENERAL RELEASE SUBSTANTIALLY IN ITS FINAL FORM ON , TO CONSIDER IT AND THE CHANGES MADE SINCE THE , VERSION OF THIS GENERAL RELEASE ARE NOT MATERIAL AND WILL NOT RESTART THE REQUIRED TWENTY-ONE (21) FORTY-FIVE (45) -DAY PERIOD 
 (f) THE CHANGES TO THIS GENERAL RELEASE SINCE ____________ EITHER ARE NOT MATERIAL OR WERE MADE AT MY REQUEST 

(g) I UNDERSTAND THAT I HAVE SEVEN (7) DAYS AFTER THE EXECUTION OF THIS GENERAL RELEASE TO REVOKE IT AND THAT THIS GENERAL RELEASE SHALL NOT BECOME EFFECTIVE OR ENFORCEABLE UNTIL THE REVOCATION PERIOD HAS EXPIRED 
 (h) I HAVE SIGNED THIS GENERAL RELEASE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY AND WITH THE ADVICE OF ANY COUNSEL RETAINED TO ADVISE ME WITH RESPECT TO IT AND 
 (i) I AGREE THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS GENERAL RELEASE MAY NOT BE AMENDED, WAIVED, CHANGED OR MODIFIED EXCEPT BY AN INSTRUMENT IN WRITING SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY AND BY ME. 
 DATE __________________________ _____________________________ 
 CIARAN LONG 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211-2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 1. a.k.a. Brands Intermediate Holding Corp. (Delaware) 
 2. a.k.a. Brands Midco Holding Corp. (Delaware) 
 3. New Excelerate GP, Limited (Cayman Islands) 
 4. Excelerate, L.P. (Cayman Islands) 
 5. AKA Brands, Inc. (Delaware) 
 6. CK Holdco Pty., Ltd. (Australia) 
 7. CK Bidco Pty. Ltd (Australia) 
 8. CK Holdings LP (Cayman Islands) 
 9. Culture Kings Group Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 10. Culture Kings Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 11. Culture Kings USA, Inc. (USA) 
 12. Polly Holdco Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 13. Polly Bidco Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 14. Princess Polly Group Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 15. Princess Polly Online Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 16. Princess Polly USA, Inc. (Delaware) 
 17. P&P Holdings LP (Cayman Islands) 
 18. P&P Intermediate Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 19. P&P Bidco Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 20. Petal and Pup Pty Ltd (Australia) 
 21. Petal & Pup USA, Inc. (Delaware) 
 22. mnml Brands LLC (USA) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231-2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-259753) of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. of our report dated March 9, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers 
 Melbourne, Australia 
 March 9, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit311q42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jill Ramsey, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. Date March 9, 2023 
 By s Jill Ramsey Name Jill Ramsey Title Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit312q42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ciaran Long, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. Date March 9, 2023 
 By s Ciaran Long Name Ciaran Long Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit321q42022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jill Ramsey, Chief Executive Officer of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. Date March 9, 2023 
 By s Jill Ramsey Name Jill Ramsey Title Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit322q42022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ciaran Long, Chief Financial Officer of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. Date March 9, 2023 
 By s Ciaran Long Name Ciaran Long Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 aka-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 aka-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 aka-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 aka-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 aka-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

