<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1717310_0001717310-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4182025</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>311008</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>275735</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3377416</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>60919</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>50773</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001717310-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315161005
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001717310-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Venture Lending & Leasing IX, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001717310
		IRS NUMBER:				822040715
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01253
		FILM NUMBER:		23735250

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 LA MESA DRIVE, SUITE 102
		CITY:			PORTOLA VALLEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94028
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6502344300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 LA MESA DRIVE, SUITE 102
		CITY:			PORTOLA VALLEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94028

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Venture Lending & Leasing Fund IX, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001717310-23-000003.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 vll9-20221231.htm
 10-K

vll9-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common stock, 0.001 par value 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [X] 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] [X] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (i) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (ii) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [X] No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] [x] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [ ] 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based 
 compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ] No [ ] 
 
 As the registrant s shares are not publicly-traded, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant cannot be determined. 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of March 15, 2023, was . 

Document Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Document Description 10-K Part Specifically Identified Portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held 
 May 17, 2023 III 

2 

PART I. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Introduction . 
 
 Venture Lending Leasing IX, Inc. (the Fund was incorporated in Maryland on June 28, 2017 as a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company electing status as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act and is managed by Westech Investment Advisors LLC (the Manager or Management ). All of the issued and outstanding membership interests of the Manager were acquired by P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company whose ultimate parent is P10, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together, P10 on October 13, 2022 (the Transaction ). The management of day-to-day operations of the Manager remains substantially unchanged and continues to be directed by the Manager s personnel following the closing of the Transaction. The Fund s investment objective is to achieve superi or risk-adjusted investment returns. The Fund will primarily provide debt financing to carefully selected companies that have received equity funding from traditional sources of venture capital equity funding (i.e. a professionally managed venture capital firm), as well as non-traditional sources of venture capital equity funding (e.g., angel investors, strategic investors, family offices, crowdfunding investment platforms, etc.) (collectively, Venture-Backed Companies ), generally in the form of secured loans. Secondarily, the Fund may provide debt financing to public and later-stage private companies. In most cases, the Fund will receive warrants for equity securities of the companies in connection with these loans. The Fund may make debt investments that are atypical in that, for example, the companies to which the financing is provided may be public companies, may not have venture backing, or may not offer senior securities Special Situation Financings ), including bridge financings and subordinated debt. The Fund may also make direct equity investments in Venture-Backed Companies. Prior to commencing its operations on May 2, 2018, the Fund had no operations other than accruing organizational expenses and the sale of 100,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value to the Company for 25,000 in June 2017. The Fund has elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes, as a regulated investment company RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ). 
 The Fund s shares of common stock, 0.001 par value Shares are held entirely by the Company. As capital is required to finance the acquisition of loans, additional capital is provided by the Company. 
 Investment Program . 
 General . The Fund s primary investment strategy is to provide debt financing, in the form of secured loans, to carefully selected Venture-Backed Companies. In most cases, the Fund will receive warrants to acquire equity securities in connection with its venture loans. The Fund s investment objective is to achieve superior risk-adjusted investment returns. The Fund may invest up to 20 of the aggregate cost of all investments of the Fund, determined cumulatively over the life of the Fund, in Special Situation Financings. In some instances, the Fund s Special Situation Financing investments may be in companies that have been bootstrapped (i.e. funded solely by the personal assets of their founders or other individuals), without substantial equity investment from investors or participation of venture capital investors. The Fund does not intend to invest in any company to secure control of its securities primarily for the purpose of making a profit in the sale of the controlled company s securities, and, for the avoidance of doubt, any such investment would not constitute a Special Situation Financing. The Fund may also invest up to 10 of the aggregate amount of all investments of the Fund (determined cumulatively over the life of the Fund) in direct equity investment opportunities such as convertible debt, secondary common stock purchases or other equity instruments issued by companies of diverse capitalization and creditworthiness, including, without limitation, early-stage private companies, public and later-stage private companies, and companies undergoing restructuring or recapitalization of their existing debt or equity financing (provided, however, that any amounts paid by the Fund to acquire equity securities pursuant to the receipt or exercise of warrants or stock received in connection with the Fund s venture loans shall not be taken into account in determining whether such 10 threshold has been met). Such direct investments generally will be in equity securities of borrowers in the Fund s portfolio, although equity securities of other companies could also be purchased. This aggregate investment strategy involves a high degree of risk, including: illiquidity of portfolio investments; risk of default by borrowers, many of whom have no or little operating profit or cash flow as of the commencement of a financing transaction; interest rate risk; litigation risk; the speculative nature of investments in warrants for stock or directly in stock; and the risks involved in investing in privately-held and emerging companies. The Fund will make available significant managerial assistance through its officers to certain companies whose securities are held in the Fund s portfolio, as described herein under the caption Regulation. 
 The Fund intends to use a buy-and-hold strategy where debt investments are held to maturity. All securities are evaluated on a regular basis to determine whether there should be any change to this strategy. Some debt investments are restructured, which may result in the extension of the original maturity date or other change in the instrument, including but not limited to, conversion of all or part of the instrument to equity. The Fund does not intend to purchase publicly-held securities; however, some publicly-held securities may be acquired through warrant exercises, mergers, acquisitions, and IPOs of the companies in which investments are made. Additionally, in some cases, publicly-traded securities may be issued in conjunction with loans made to public companies. When a company s securities become publicly-traded, the Fund may hold these securities and sell them or may choose to distribute the securities directly to the Company. If held, publicly-traded securities are monitored on an on-going basis, and a variety of factors regarding the issuing company (e.g., trend in stock price, underlying business fundamentals and potential for growth, information regarding the lock-up, etc.) are used to determine when to sell these securities. 
 
 3 

As a BDC, the Fund must invest at least 70 of its total assets in qualifying assets Qualifying Assets consisting of (a) interests in Eligible Portfolio Companies and (b) certain other assets including cash and cash equivalents. An Eligible Portfolio Company is a United States company that is not an investment company as defined or excluded from the definition of an investment company in Section 3 of the 1940 Act, and that either: (i) does not have a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, or does have a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250.0 million; or (ii) is actively controlled by a BDC and has an affiliate of a BDC on the Eligible Portfolio Company s Board of Directors; or (iii) has total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million; or (iv) meets such other criteria as may be established by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Control under the 1940 Act is presumed to exist where a BDC owns more than 25 of the outstanding voting securities of the Eligible Portfolio Company. Also included in Qualifying Assets are follow-on investments in a company that met the definition of Eligible Portfolio Company at the time of the Fund s initial investment, but subsequently does not meet such definition because it has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, if, at the time of the follow-on investment, the Fund (a) owns at least 50 of (i) the greatest number of equity securities of such company, including securities convertible into or exchangeable for such securities, and (ii) the greatest amount of certain debt securities of such company held by the Fund at any time during the period when such company was an Eligible Portfolio Company, and (b) is one of the twenty largest holders of record of the company s outstanding voting securities. The Fund may invest up to 30 of its total assets in non-Qualifying Assets, including interests in companies that are not Eligible Portfolio Companies (for example, because the company s securities are quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market NASDAQ )) and Eligible Portfolio Companies as to which the Fund does not offer to make available significant managerial assistance. As a BDC, the Fund is generally prohibited under the 1940 Act from investing in securities issued by broker/dealers, investment advisers, and underwriters unless certain conditions are met. As of December 31, 2022, the percentage of non-qualifying investments in the Fund was 14.8 . 
 BDCs cannot acquire any assets other than those Qualifying Assets described in subparagraphs (1) through (8) below unless, at the time of the acquisition, the assets described in subparagraphs (1) through (8) below represent at least 70 of the value of the BDC s total assets (the 70 basket ). Below is a general summary of Qualifying Assets in which the Fund may invest. 
 1. Securities issued in transactions not involving a public offering from issuers which are Eligible Portfolio Companies (including affiliated persons or persons that have been affiliated persons within the preceding 13 months) or from any other person, subject to such rules and regulations as the SEC may prescribe; 
 2. Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from an issuer, or from any person who is an officer or employee of the issuer, if the issuer is a U.S. company that is not an investment company, but the issuer is not an Eligible Portfolio Company because it has issued a class of margin securities that is eligible for margin loans, and at the time of purchase the BDC owns at least 50 of (i) the greatest number of equity securities (on a fully diluted basis) of the issuer and (ii) the greatest amount of such issuer s debt securities held by the BDC at any point in time during the period when such issuer was an Eligible Portfolio Company, and, (iii) the BDC is one of the 20 largest holders of the issuer s outstanding voting securities; 
 3. Securities of any Eligible Portfolio Company that is controlled by the BDC (either alone or as part of a group acting together) and the BDC exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies, and has an affiliated person who is a director of, the Eligible Portfolio Company; 
 4. Securities issued in transactions not involving a public offering from U.S. non-investment company issuers subject to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or similar proceeding or otherwise unable to meet their obligations without assistance (purchase may be made from affiliated persons or persons that have been affiliated persons within the preceding 13 months or in limited circumstances other persons); 
 5. Securities of an Eligible Portfolio Company purchased from any person in transactions not involving a public offering when no public market for the securities exists and the BDC owned at least 60 of the outstanding equity (on a fully diluted basis) of the issuer immediately prior to the purchase; 
 6. Securities received in exchange for or distributed with respect to the foregoing securities (including securities obtained pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities); 
 7. Cash, cash items, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment; and 
 8. Office furniture and equipment, interests in real estate, deferred organization and operating expenses, and other non-investment assets necessary and appropriate to the BDC s operations. 
 Making available significant managerial assistance is defined under the 1940 Act, in relevant part, as (i) an arrangement whereby the BDC, through its officers, directors, employees or general partners, offers to provide and, if accepted, does provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives of a portfolio company; or (ii) the exercise by a BDC of a controlling influence over the management or polices of the portfolio company by the BDC acting individually or as part of a group acting together which controls the portfolio company. The officers of the Fund offer to provide managerial assistance, including advice on equipment acquisition and financing, cash flow and expense management, general financing opportunities, acquisition opportunities and opportunities to access the public securities markets, to the great majority of companies to whom the Fund provides venture loans. In some instances, directors of the Fund might serve on the Board of Directors or as officers of borrowers. 
 4 

Venture Loans . Venture loans generally are made pursuant to a negotiated loan agreement, and are evidenced by promissory notes secured by specific equipment or other assets of the borrower financed with the proceeds of such loans, or secured by a broader lien on substantially all of the borrower s assets where the purpose of the loan is to provide growth or general working capital to the borrower. The loans are typically secured by a first-position lien on such assets. The Fund generally receives periodic payments (usually monthly) and may receive a final payment equal to a percentage of the original loan amount, payable at maturity of the loan (whether as stated or accelerated). The interest rate and amortization terms of venture loans and all other transaction terms are individually negotiated between the Fund and each borrower. 
 The documentation for venture loans includes representations, warranties, covenants and events of default intended to protect the Fund and which are customary for commercial transactions of this type and size. Typical material terms include restrictions on additional debt, covenants to maintain the loan collateral and keep it adequately insured and free of liens, prohibitions against sale or other disposition of the assets except under specified conditions, and acceleration provisions making the remaining outstanding amounts under the loan immediately due and payable and giving rise to a right to take possession of the collateral upon certain events of default, including failure to make required payments, insolvency, and failure to comply with covenants. There can be no assurance that the value of the collateral at the time of default will be at least equal to the outstanding amount due under the loan. 
 Typically, loans are structured as non-revolving commitments by the Fund to provide financing, in one or more advances over a specified period of availability, determined as part of the underwriting process. The commitments of the Fund to finance future asset acquisitions or growth capital needs is typically subject to the absence of any default under the loan and compliance by the borrower with requirements relating to, among other things, the type of assets to be acquired, and if applicable, the borrower s achievement of performance-based milestones. Although the Fund s commitments generally provide that the Fund is not required to continue to fund additional asset purchases or growth capital if there has been a material adverse change in the borrower s financial condition, a borrower s financial condition may not be as strong at the time a loan is funded as it was when the related commitments were made. 
 Warrants . The Fund generally acquires warrants to purchase equity securities of the borrower in connection with financings. It is anticipated that such warrants, generally, will be distributed by the Fund to the Company simultaneously with, or shortly following, their acquisition. The terms of the warrants, including the expiration date, exercise price, and terms of the equity security for which the warrant may be exercised, are negotiated individually with each borrower, and are likely to be affected by the price and terms of securities issued by the company to its venture capitalists and other holders in equity financings close in time to the Fund s making of the loan commitment. Based upon the Manager s past experience, it is anticipated that most warrants will have a contractual term of five to fifteen years, and will have an exercise price based upon the price at which the borrower most recently issued equity securities or, if a new equity offering is anticipated, the future price of such equity securities (and sometimes a blended price ). In certain transactions, it is anticipated that warrants will be issued with an exercise price that is waived in connection with a liquidity event such as an initial public offering or acquisition. The equity securities for which the warrant will be exercised generally will be convertible preferred stock (of which there may be one or more classes) or common stock. Substantially all the warrants and underlying equity securities will be restricted securities under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act at the time of issuance; the Fund generally negotiates registration rights with the borrower that may provide piggyback and S-3 registration rights, which permit the owner of the warrant under certain circumstances to include some or all of the securities that will be acquired upon exercise of the warrant in a registration statement filed by the borrower. The Fund generally will negotiate net issuance provisions in the warrants, which allow the owner of the warrant to exercise the warrant without payment of any cash, and thereby receive a net number of shares determined by the increase in the value of the issuer s stock (at the time of exercise) above the exercise price stated in the warrant. 
 Equity Securities . The Fund may make direct investments in equity securities (including convertible notes) having an aggregate cost of up to 10 of the aggregate cost of all investments of the Fund determined cumulatively over the life of the Fund (provided, however, that any amounts paid by the Fund to acquire equity securities pursuant to the receipt or exercise of warrants or stock received in connection with the Fund s venture loans shall not be taken into account in determining whether such 10 threshold has been met). For example, the Fund may invest equity in a follow-on round of financing to maintain or increase its ownership stake. In some cases, equity investments may be made in companies where the Fund does not have an existing loan. Additionally, the Fund anticipates selectively pursuing opportunistic equity purchases, which may take the form of primary or secondary stock purchases. The Manager expects that the equity securities generally will be convertible preferred stock, though it is possible the Fund would invest directly in common stock of Venture-Backed Companies or convertible notes which convert into common or preferred stock of Venture-Backed Companies. It is likely that, as in the case of warrants, direct equity investments, if made by the Fund, generally will be distributed to the Company simultaneously with, or shortly following, their acquisition. However, although, the Code and 1940 Act requirements could, in certain circumstances, compel the Fund to hold such securities for a longer period of time prior to their distribution to the Company. 
 Investment Policies . For purposes of the investment policies (other than the diversification standards below), references to the percentage of the Fund s total assets invested in securities of a company will be deemed to refer, in the case of debt financings, to the total amount of financings that the Fund has committed to provide, and in the case of equity investments, to the cost basis of such equity investments; the Fund will not be required to divest securities in its portfolio or decline to fund an existing commitment because of a subsequent change in the value of securities the Fund has previously acquired or committed to purchase. 
 Diversification Standards . The Fund is classified as a non-diversified, closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act. However, the Fund seeks to continue to qualify as a RIC and therefore, must meet diversification standards under the Code. 
 5 

To qualify as a RIC and obtain the special pass-through status available to RICs under the Code, the Fund must meet the issuer diversification standards under the Code that generally require that, at the close of each quarter of the Fund s taxable year, (i) not more than 25 of the value of its total assets is invested in the securities of a single issuer, and (ii) at least 50 of the value of its total assets is represented by cash, cash items, government securities, securities of other RICs and other securities (counting each investment in such other securities only if the value of such securities does not exceed 5 of the value of the Fund s total assets and the Fund does not own more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer of such securities). For purposes of the diversification requirements under the Code, the percentage of the Fund s total assets invested in securities of a company will be deemed to refer, in the case of financings in which the Fund commits to provide financing prior to funding the commitment, to the amount of the Fund s total assets represented by the value of the securities issued by the borrower to the Fund at the time each portion of the commitment is funded. 
 If the Fund meets the initial requirements of a RIC, the Fund shall not lose its status as a RIC because of a discrepancy during a subsequent quarter between the value of its various investments unless the discrepancy exists immediately after the acquisition of any security and is wholly or partly the result of such acquisition. This is called the fluctuation in value exception. This exception also applies if distributions of cash cause the RIC to be out of compliance with either the 25 or 5 /50 tests. 
 Investment Guidelines . In selecting investments for the Fund s portfolio, the Manager will endeavor to meet the investment guidelines established and approved by the Fund s Board of Directors. The Fund may, however, make investments that do not conform to one or more of these guidelines when deemed appropriate by the Manager. Such investments might be made if the Manager believes that a failure to conform in one area is offset by exceptional strength in another or is compensated for by a higher yield, favorable warrant issuance or other attractive transaction terms or features. 
 Industry Segment Diversification. The Fund generally seeks to invest no more than 30 of its total assets in securities of companies in any single industry. Diversification is carefully considered at the inception of each loan, but percentages may vary from the guideline at any particular point in time. The broad industry categories in which the Fund anticipates that most of its investments will fall (and within each of which there may be several industries for purposes of the industry diversification policy) include computers and storage, semiconductor and equipment, internet, medical devices, software, and several other categories. 
 Stage of Development Guidelines . The Manager seeks to diversify the Fund s portfolio based on the development stage of the companies in which it invests. Generally, Venture-Backed Companies fall into several lifecycle stages, including the following: 
 
 Early or seed stage companies represent the initial stages of a start-up company s development. These companies have raised varying amounts of equity capital to prove a concept and qualify for larger sums of start-up capital. Their activities generally are limited to product development, scientific and market research, recruiting a management team and proving early business traction. These companies generally have investor syndicates that include early stage investors such as high net worth angel investors, venture capitalists, incubators, and crowd funding platforms. 
 Emerging growth stage companies have a proven early product/market fit and have initiated or are about to initiate full-scale operations and sales but may not be showing a profit. 
 Mezzanine stage companies are approaching or have attained break-even or profitability and are continuing to expand. 
 
 The Manager refers to its investments in seed and start-up companies as Early Stage and investments in emerging growth companies and mezzanine companies as Expansion Stage. The Manager seeks to diversify its investments across stages. The classification of companies by stages of development involves a subjective judgment by the Manager, and it is possible that other investors or market analysts would classify the same companies differently than the classifications used by the Fund. 
 
 Quality Guidelines . The Manager seeks to invest the majority of the Fund s aggregate investments (determined cumulatively over the life of the Fund) in investments that meet many of the following guidelines: 
 
 Company Guidelines. 
 
 The company has a minimum capitalization of at least 1.0 million. 
 The company has at least six months worth of available cash to fund its operations or indications from its equity investors that they will make investments necessary to provide such cash. 
 The company s equity investors have indicated a current intention to make additional equity financing available to the company, or the company has a forecasted positive cash flow. 
 The company s business plan contemplates sales of at least 25.0 million within five years. 
 The company has previously closed equity financing or will close equity financing prior to the funding of the loan. 
 
 Transaction Guidelines for Loans. 
 
 The term of the loan does not exceed 60 months and does not extend beyond December 31, 2028. 
 Debt service requirements of the loan are, in the opinion of the Manager, not likely to become an impediment to the company raising additional capital. 
 The loan is secured by all or substantially all of the borrower s assets. 
 
 6 

Equity Venture Capital Support Guidelines. 
 
 The company s equity investors have (i) in the opinion of the Manager, significant venture capital and/or industry experience, and (ii) follow-on capital to support the company. 
 
 Special Situation Financings . The Manager may invest up to 20 of the Fund s aggregate investments determined cumulatively over the life of the Fund in Special Situation Financings. Such Special Situation Financings could include investments targeted towards late-stage or public companies seeking additional growth capital to expand product offerings, increase market penetration or fund strategic acquisitions of other companies or technology. In these situations, the Fund would only consider investing in this Special Situation Financings if it determined it to be of equivalent or better quality as compared to a senior secured loan made to the Fund s more typical portfolio companies. Further, the Fund may also choose to subordinate existing outstanding debt as part of a restructuring or work-out arrangement in order to allow the company to successfully complete a transaction such as an acquisition or round of financing. There can be no assurance that the subordination will work to the benefit of the Fund. The Manager will target companies whose cash flow from operations and cash reserves are expected to service the Fund s investment on a current basis. Investments may be structured as senior debt, convertible debt, or other debt/equity structures. In addition, Special Situation Financings could include investments in a troubled company undergoing a restructuring or recapitalization of its existing debt or equity, and making investments in subordinated debt, providing bridge financing to a company which is in the process of raising additional private equity, planning an initial public offering or is seeking to enter into a business combination through which it would be acquired. In some instances, these companies will have been bootstrapped (i.e. funded solely by the personal assets of their founders or other individuals), without any substantial investment from venture capital or other investors. As of December 31, 2022, the Fund made Special Situation Financings of about 1.4 of total commitments. 
 International Investments . As a BDC, the Fund may invest in companies which are not Qualifying Assets, as long as at the time of such investment, at least 70 of the value of the Fund s total assets are invested in Qualifying Assets. An Eligible Portfolio Company must be organized under the laws of, and have its principal place of business in, the United States. Therefore, the Fund could invest up to 30 of its total assets in foreign-based companies. If reasonably practicable, investments in foreign-based companies would be secured by foreign-based assets in addition to being secured by any assets located in the United States. 
 Leverage . The Fund borrowed money and intends to continue borrowing from and could enter into secured contracts, which instruments may be considered debt securities, with banks, insurance companies and other lenders to obtain additional funds to originate loans (and possibly for Special Situation Financings), if such borrowings are available on terms that are acceptable to the Manager and Board of Directors of the Fund. It is possible, due to potential future tightening of the credit markets, that the Fund may not be able to secure such borrowings on acceptable terms. Any borrowings of the Fund will be subject to the asset coverage requirements under the 1940 Act, including borrowings in excess of 5 of total assets for temporary purposes, and all borrowings for emergency purposes that are not temporary. In April 2019, the Fund s sole shareholder approved the Fund to apply the reduced asset coverage requirements in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, which permits the Fund to double the maximum amount of leverage that it may incur by reducing the asset coverage requirement applicable to the Fund from 200 to 150 . 
 Temporary Investments . Pending investment, and until distributions to the stockholders are made, the Fund will invest excess cash in: (i) time deposits, certificates of deposit and similar instruments of highly-rated banks; (ii) securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government, its agencies or instrumentalities; (iii) repurchase agreements that are: (a) issued by highly-rated banks or securities dealers; and (b) fully collateralized by U.S. government securities; (iv) short-term high-quality debt instruments of U.S. corporations; and (v) money market funds and other pooled investment funds whose investments are restricted to those described above. The average maturity of such investments, weighted by their par value, will not exceed 90 days. 
 Other Investment Policies . The Fund will not sell securities short (except to the extent the Fund has a warrant for, or owns, shares equal to the number of shares which is the subject of the proposed short sale), purchase securities on margin (except to the extent the Fund s permitted borrowings are deemed to constitute margin purchases), purchase or sell commodities or commodity contracts (except interest rate hedging transactions in connection with the Fund s permitted borrowings), or purchase or sell real estate. The Fund may, however, write puts and calls, and acquire options, as a hedge for equity investments or to increase return through a covered call. The Fund will not underwrite the securities of other companies, except to the extent they may be deemed underwriters upon the disposition of restricted securities acquired in the ordinary course of their business. The Fund may, however, use borrowed funds for its lending activities. See the discussion herein under the caption Risk Factors - General - Leverage. 
 The Fund s investment objectives, investment policies and investment guidelines (other than its intended status as a BDC) are not fundamental policies and may be changed by the Fund s Board of Directors at any time. 
 Regulation . As a BDC, the Fund is required to invest in Eligible Portfolio Companies and (with certain exceptions) make available to them significant managerial assistance. Eligible Portfolio Companies, and the regulations governing assets a BDC can acquire, are described under the heading Investment Program above. 
 
 7 

The Fund, as a BDC, may sell its securities at a price that is below its net asset value per share, provided that a majority of the Fund s disinterested directors, or not interested parties of the Fund under Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act (i.e., independent director), has determined that such sale would be in the best interests of the Fund and its shareholder and upon the approval by the holders of a majority of its outstanding voting securities, including a majority of the voting securities held by non-affiliated persons, of such policy or practice within one year of such sale. A majority of the disinterested directors also must determine in good faith, in consultation with the underwriters of the offering if the offering is underwritten, that the price of the securities being sold is not less than a price which closely approximates market value of the securities, less any distribution discounts or commissions. As defined in the 1940 Act, the term majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund means the vote of (i) 67 or more of the Fund s Shares present at a meeting, if the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding Shares are present or represented by proxy, or (ii) more than 50 of the Fund s outstanding Shares, whichever is less. 
 Many of the transactions involving a company and its affiliates (as well as affiliates of those affiliates) which were prohibited without the prior approval of the SEC under the 1940 Act prior to its amendment by the 1980 provisions are permissible for BDCs, including the Fund, upon the prior approval of a majority of the Fund s disinterested directors and a majority of the directors having no financial interest in the transactions. However, certain transactions involving certain persons related to the Fund, including its directors, officers, and the Manager, may still require the prior approval of the SEC. In general, (i) any person who owns, controls, or holds power to vote, more than 5 of the Fund s outstanding Shares; (ii) any director, executive officer, or general partner of that person; and (iii) any person who directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, that person, must obtain the prior approval of a majority of the Fund s disinterested directors, and, in some situations, the prior approval of the SEC, before engaging in certain transactions involving the person or any company controlled by the Fund. The 1940 Act generally does not restrict transactions between the Fund and its eligible portfolio companies. While a BDC may change the nature of its business so as to cease being a BDC (and in connection therewith withdraw its election to be treated as a BDC) only if authorized to do so by a majority vote (as defined by the 1940 Act) of its outstanding voting securities, shareholder approval of changes in other fundamental investment policies of a BDC is not required (in contrast to the general 1940 Act requirement, which requires shareholder approval for a change in any fundamental investment policy). 
 Dividends and Distributions . The Fund intends to distribute to its shareholder all equity securities received from portfolio companies simultaneously, or shortly following, their acquisition and substantially all of its net investment income and net realized capital gains, if any, as determined for income tax purposes less appropriate reserves. Applicable law, including provisions of the 1940 Act, may limit the amount of dividends and other distributions payable by the Fund. Income dividends will generally be paid quarterly to shareholders of record on the last day of each preceding calendar quarter end. Substantially all of the Fund s net capital gain (the excess of net long-term capital gain over net short-term capital loss) and net short-term capital gain, if any, will be distributed annually, or on a more frequent basis as determined by the Manager. 
 The Manager exercised, and the Board of Directors ratified, its discretion to extend the Fund s investment period for two additional quarters after June 30, 2022, thereby allowing the Fund to make new commitments through December 31, 2022 and to fund commitments through December 31, 2022, the end of the Fund s investment period. Following the end of the commitment period, the Fund will begin to distribute to investors all proceeds received from principal payments and sales of investments, net of reserves and expenses, principal repayments on the Fund s borrowings, amounts required to fund financing commitments entered into before such date, and any amounts paid on exercise of warrants. Distributions of such amounts are likely to cause annual distributions to exceed the earnings and profits of the Fund available for distribution, in which case such excess will be considered a tax-free return of capital to a shareholder to the extent of the shareholder s adjusted basis in its shares and then as capital gain. The Fund may borrow money to fund shareholder distributions, to the extent consistent with the 1940 Act and a prudent capital structure. 
 Competition . Other entities and individuals compete for investments similar to those proposed to be made by the Fund, some of whom may have greater resources than the Fund. Furthermore, the Fund s need to comply with provisions of the 1940 Act pertaining to BDCs and provisions of the Code pertaining to RICs might restrict the Fund s flexibility as compared with its competitors. The need to compete for investment opportunities may make it necessary for the Fund to offer borrowers more attractive transaction terms than otherwise might be the case. 
 Executive Officers . The following are the executive officers of the Fund. All officers serve at the pleasure of the Fund s Board of Directors. 
 Name and Position with Fund Age Occupation During Past Five Years Maurice C. Werdegar, Chairman and Director 58 Chairman of the Fund since 2022. Mr. Werdegar has held the position of Chairman of Westech Investment Advisors since 2022. Mr. Werdegar served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Westech Investment Advisors from 2015 to 2021, served as Chief Operating Officer and Vice President of Westech Investment Advisors from 2011 to 2015 and served in various other positions with Westech Investment Advisors since 2001. Mr. Werdegar has served as a Director of the Fund since 2017 and is also a member of the Board of Directors, and Chairman, of Venture Lending Leasing VIII, Inc. Fund VIII ). Mr. Werdegar is Chairman of WTI Fund X, Inc. Fund X ). David R. Wanek, President and Chief Executive Officer 50 Chief Executive Officer of the Fund since 2022. Mr. Wanek has held the position of President of the Fund since 2019. Mr. Wanek has held the position of Chief Executive Officer and President of Westech Investment Advisors since 2022 and held other positions with Westech Investment Advisors since 2001. Mr. Wanek is the President and CEO of Fund VIII and Fund X. Mr. Wanek is also a member of the Board of Directors of Fund X. 
 8 

Name and Position with Fund Age Occupation During Past Five Years Jared S. Thear, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary 45 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Treasurer and Secretary for the Fund since 2021. Mr. Thear has held the same positions with Westech Investment Advisors since 2021. Prior to joining Westech Investment Advisors, he worked at Deloitte Touche for 20 years and held various leadership roles. From 2014 to 2021, he led Deloitte's Northwest region Asset Management practice for the audit function. Rodolfo Ruano, Vice President and Assistant Secretary 55 Vice President and Assistant Secretary for the Fund since 2021. Mr. Ruano has held the position of Vice President of Westech Investment Advisors since 2021. Investment Partner for Westech Investment Advisors since 2011. 
 Employees . The Fund has no employees; all of its officers are officers and/or employees of the Manager, and all of its required services are performed by officers and employees of the Manager. 
 Available Information . The Fund s office is located at 104 La Mesa Drive, Suite 102, Portola Valley, CA 94028, and the phone number is (650) 234-4300. The Manager maintains a website at https://westerntech.com/ . 
 The SEC maintains a website, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxies and information statements filed by the Fund. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 GENERAL 
 
 Reliance on Management . The Fund will be wholly dependent for the selection, structuring, closing and monitoring of its investments on the diligence and skill of the Manager, acting under the supervision of the Fund s Board of Directors. Although the operating principals of the Manager have a long history of combined experience in investing in venture lending transactions and equity investments, there can be no assurance that the Fund will attain its investment objective. Furthermore, the Manager does not have substantial experience investing in Special Situation Financings such as convertible and subordinated debt of public and late-stage private companies. The officers of the Manager will have primary responsibility for the selection of the companies in which the Fund will invest, the negotiation of the terms of such investments and the monitoring and servicing of such investments after they are made. Although the officers of the Manager intend to devote such time as is necessary to the affairs of the Fund, they are not required to devote full time to the management of the Fund. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any officer will remain associated with the Manager or that, if an officer ceased to be associated with the Manager, the Manager would be able to find a qualified person or persons to fill the position. 
 Illiquid and Long-Term Investment . After December 31, 2022, the Fund ceased making any new equity investments as well as investments in venture loans (except pursuant to commitments made before the fourth anniversary, or if applicable, the extended commitment date (up to 2 calendar quarters)), and will distribute to its shareholder all proceeds received from principal payments and sales net of: (i) reserves and expenses; (ii) principal repayments on the Fund s borrowings; (iii) amounts required to fund financing commitments entered into before such fourth anniversary, or if applicable, the extended commitment date; and (iv) any amounts paid on exercise of warrants or otherwise paid to protect the value of existing investments (including, for example, pay-to-play provisions and purchases of equity securities in down rounds to avoid dilution). The Fund s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provide that, on December 31, 2028, the Fund automatically will be dissolved without any action by its shareholder. From and after such dissolution, the Fund s activities will be limited to the winding-up of its affairs, the liquidation of its remaining assets and the distribution of the net proceeds thereof to its shareholder. Although the Fund generally would not make any loan with a stated maturity date later than December 31, 2028, it is possible that, due to a default by a borrower or a transaction restructuring due to a borrower s financial difficulties, such a loan may remain outstanding in whole or in part beyond its original maturity date. Furthermore, the Fund may not be able to sell warrants it receives from borrowers, or the equity securities (including those received upon exercise of warrants or conversion of debt instruments or in connection with restructuring of a troubled loan), to the extent those investments were retained by the Fund and not distributed earlier to its shareholder, for a significant period of time due to legal or contractual restrictions on resale or the absence of a liquid secondary market. As a result, the liquidation process might not be completed for a significant period after the Fund s dissolution. In addition, it is possible that, if certain of the Fund s assets are not liquidated within a reasonable time after the Fund s dissolution, the Fund may elect to make a distribution in kind of all or part of such assets to its shareholders. In such case, the shareholders would bear any expenses attendant to the liquidation of such assets. 
 Although shares of the Fund have been registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), there will be no trading market for shares in the Fund (which are all owned by the Company), and thus shares of the Fund should be considered illiquid. 
 Competition . Other entities and individuals compete for investments similar to those made by the Fund, some of whom, with respect to investments in the form of loans, and many of whom, with respect to the equity investments and convertible and subordinated debt, have greater resources than the Fund. Furthermore, competition could increase given the low barriers to entry in the industry. Additionally, the Fund s need to comply with provisions of the 1940 Act pertaining to BDCs and provisions of the Code pertaining to RICs, might restrict the Fund s flexibility as compared with its competitors. The need to compete for investment opportunities may make it necessary for the Fund to offer borrowers or companies in which it makes equity investments more attractive terms than otherwise might be the case. If the Fund encounters increased competition from other entities or individuals or is hindered by the provisions of the BDC s or RIC s, the Fund may not fund new investments, which would impact the operations of the Fund. 
 9 

Convertible Debt . Convertible debt instruments issued by public and late-stage private companies may comprise some of the Special Situation Financings in which the Fund may invest. Convertible debt generally offers lower interest yields than non-convertible debt of similar quality. The market value of debt tends to decline as interest rates increase and, conversely, to increase as interest rates decline. The market value of convertible debt, however, often reflects the market price of common stock of the issuing company when that stock price is greater than the conversion price of the convertible debt. The conversion price is the predetermined price at which the debt instrument could be exchanged for the associated stock. As the market price of the underlying common stock declines, the price of the convertible debt tends to be influenced more by the yield of the debt instrument. Thus, it may not decline in price to the same extent as the underlying common stock. 
 Subordinated Debt . Some of the Special Situation Financings in which the Fund may invest may consist of subordinated debt instruments, which tend to be predominantly high-yield non-convertible debt securities. Investments in high-yield securities involve substantial risk of loss. Sub-investment grade non-convertible debt securities, or comparable unrated securities, are commonly referred to as junk debt and are considered speculative with respect to the issuer s ability to pay interest and principal and are susceptible to default or decline in market value due to adverse economic or business developments. The market values for high-yield securities tend to be very volatile, and these securities are less liquid than investment grade debt securities. 
 Leverage . The Fund currently borrows money and intends to continue borrowing and could enter into secured contracts, which instruments may be considered debt securities, with banks, insurance companies, and other lenders to obtain additional funds to originate loans (and possibly Special Situation Financings), if such borrowings are available on terms that are acceptable to the Manager and Board of Directors of the Fund. It is possible, due to potential future tightening of the credit markets, that the Fund may not be able to secure such borrowings on acceptable terms. Any borrowings of the Fund will be subject to the asset coverage requirements under the 1940 Act, including borrowings in excess of 5 of total assets for temporary purposes, and all borrowings for emergency purposes that are not temporary. Under the 1940 Act, the Fund may not incur borrowings unless, immediately after the borrowing is incurred, such borrowings would have Asset Coverage of at least 200 , generally, and of at least 150 if certain conditions are met. Asset Coverage means the ratio which the value of the Fund s total assets, less all liabilities not represented by (i) the borrowings and (ii) any other liabilities constituting senior securities under the 1940 Act, bears to the aggregate amount of such borrowings and senior securities. The practical effect of this limitation is to limit the Fund s borrowings and other senior securities to 50 of its total assets less its liabilities other than the borrowings and other senior securities. The 1940 Act also requires that, if the Fund borrows money, provisions be made to prohibit the declaration of any dividend or other distribution on the shares (other than a dividend payable in shares), or the repurchase by the Fund of shares, if, after payment of such dividend or repurchase of shares, the Asset Coverage of such borrowings would be below 200 (or 150 , as applicable). In April 2019, the Fund s sole shareholder approved the Fund to apply the reduced asset coverage requirements in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, which permits the Fund to double the maximum amount of leverage that it may incur by reducing the asset coverage requirement applicable to the Fund from 200 to 150 . If the Fund is unable to pay dividends or distributions in the amounts required under the Code, it might not be able to qualify for the pass-through status as a RIC or, if qualified, to continue to so qualify. 
 The Fund has a secured, syndicated loan facility with a borrowing availability of 400.0 million and the outstanding balance under the facility as of December 31, 2022 was 244.5 million. 
 The use of leverage increases investment risk. The Fund s use of leverage is premised upon the expectation that the Fund s all-in borrowing costs would be lower than the return the Fund achieves on its investments. To the extent the income or capital gains derived from investments purchased with borrowed funds exceeds the cost of borrowing, the Fund s overall return will be greater than if leverage had not been used. Conversely, if the income or capital gain from the investments purchased with borrowed funds is not sufficient to cover the cost of borrowing, or if the Fund incurs capital losses, the return to the Fund will be less than if leverage had not been used, and therefore the amount available for distribution will be reduced or potentially eliminated. 
 Lenders have required that the Fund pledge all assets as collateral for borrowings and have required that the Company provide guarantees or other credit enhancements. The Company, however, will not pledge its assets to secure such borrowings as this could result in unrelated business taxable income to its tax-exempt members. If the Fund is unable to service the borrowings, the Fund may risk the loss of such pledged assets. 
 Lenders required that the Fund agree to loan covenants limiting the Fund s ability to incur additional debt or otherwise limiting the Fund s flexibility, and loan agreements may provide for acceleration of the maturity of the indebtedness if certain financial tests are not met. To minimize risks associated with borrowing money at floating rates and lending money at fixed rates, the Fund may enter into interest rate hedging transactions with respect to all or any portion of the Fund s borrowings. There can be no assurance that such interest rate hedging transactions will be available in forms acceptable to the Fund. In addition, entering into interest rate hedging transactions increases costs to the Fund. Finally, it is possible that the Fund could incur losses from being over-hedged, which would result if the debt that was hedged is repaid faster than expected. 
 Regulation . The Fund has elected to be treated as a BDC under the Small Business Incentive Act of 1980, which modified the 1940 Act. Although BDCs are not required to register under the 1940 Act and are relieved from compliance with a number of the provisions of the 1940 Act, there are now greater restrictions in some respects on permitted types of investments for BDCs. Moreover, the applicable provisions of the 1940 Act continue to impose numerous restrictions on the activities of the Fund, including restrictions on leverage and on the nature of its investments. While the Fund is not aware of any judicial rulings under, and is aware of only a few administrative interpretations of, the Small Business Incentive Act of 1980, there can be no assurance that such Act will be interpreted or administratively implemented in a manner consistent with the Fund s objectives or manner of operation. 
 10 

Litigation . The Fund could be subject to litigation by borrowers, based on theories of breach of contract to lend, lender liability, or otherwise in connection with its loan and investment transactions. The defense of such a lawsuit, even if ultimately determined to be without merit, could be costly and time-consuming to the Fund. The Fund may become party to certain lawsuits from time to time in the normal course of business. While the outcome of any legal proceedings cannot now be predicted with certainty, the Fund does not expect any such proceedings will have a material effect upon the Fund s financial condition or results of operation. Management is not aware of any material pending legal proceedings involving the Fund. 
 Tax Status . The Fund must meet a number of requirements, including those described herein under the caption Diversification Standards and in Note 9 to the financial statements included in this filing, to qualify for the pass-through status as a RIC and, if qualified, to continue to so qualify. For example, the Fund must meet specified asset diversification standards under the Code which might prove difficult if certain borrowers with larger commitments drew on their committed financing at a rate faster than other borrowers to whom smaller commitments were made, particularly during the early periods of the Fund s operations. If the Fund experiences difficulty in meeting the diversification requirement for any fiscal quarter of its taxable year, it might accelerate capital calls or, if available, borrowings in order to increase the portion of the Fund s total assets represented by cash, cash items, and U.S. government securities as of the close of the following fiscal quarter and thus attempt to meet the diversification requirement. The Fund, however, would incur additional interest and other expenses in connection with any such accelerated borrowings, and increased investments by the Fund in cash, cash items, and U.S. government securities (whether the funds to make such investments are derived from called equity capital or from accelerated borrowings) are likely to reduce the Fund s return. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the Fund would be able to meet the diversification requirements through such actions. Failure to qualify as a RIC would deny the Fund pass-through status and, in a year in which the Fund has taxable income, would have a significant adverse effect on the return of the Fund. Tax laws are dynamic and tax laws either in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions could change causing a different than expected outcome. 
 The Fund has received an opinion that, assuming the Fund s election to be a BDC under Sections 6(f) and 54 of the 1940 Act will be valid and will remain in effect and that the Fund otherwise meets the qualification requirements set forth in Section 851(b) and the distribution requirements in Section 852(a) of the Code, if the Fund s status as a RIC is challenged by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS in court and properly litigated, a court of competent jurisdiction will respect that status for federal income tax purposes. If the SEC were to disallow the Fund s election to be treated as a BDC, then the Fund would not be eligible to be treated as a RIC and, therefore, would be subject to federal corporate tax on its income and gains. The opinion referred to above is based on the Code, regulations thereunder, IRS rulings, procedures and pronouncements, court decisions and other applicable law as of the date hereof, and certain representations that the Fund has made to its legal counsel. Legal opinions, however, are not binding on the IRS or the courts, and no ruling has been or will be requested from the IRS. No assurance can be given that the IRS will concur with such opinion. 
 Allocation of Expenses . If the Fund is not deemed to be engaged in a trade or business, individuals and certain other persons who are members of the Company will be required to include in their gross income an amount of certain Fund expenses relating to the production of gross income that are allocable to the Company. These members, therefore, will be deemed to receive gross income from the Fund in excess of the distributions they actually receive. Such allocated expenses were deductible by an individual member as a miscellaneous itemized deduction, for 2017, subject to the limitation on miscellaneous itemized deductions not exceeding 2.0 of adjusted gross income to the extent the Fund is not engaged in a trade or business. However, for the years 2018 through 2025, no deduction for such expense would be allowed. For the tax years 2026 and beyond, the provision will expire and the expenses would be deductible under the pre-2018 law as currently written. 
 Calculation of Management Fee . As compensation for its services to the Fund, the Manager will receive an investment management fee from the Fund (the Management Fee ), commencing when capital is first called from the members of the Company. The aggregate annual amount of Management Fee for each annual period (which will be comprised of four whole fiscal quarters and which, in the case of the first year, will commence on the first day of the first fiscal quarter commencing on or following the first capital commitment) will be calculated as a percentage of committed capital, as follows: 
 Management Fee Year 1 1.575 Year 2 1.600 Year 3 1.575 Year 4 1.500 Year 5 1.250 Year 6 0.900 Year 7 0.600 Year 8 0.350 Year 9 0.150 
 There will be no Management Fee payable after the ninth-year anniversary of the first capital contribution date. 
 The calculation of the Management Fee could result in fees being disproportionately large relative to the value of the Fund s portfolio if the total assets of the Fund are low compared to the committed capital. This could occur, for example, if the Fund does not originate as many loans as anticipated, or if the loans in the Fund s portfolio are repaid at a rapid rate during such period. 
 
 11 

Risks Related to Cybersecurity . Increased reliance on technology by the Fund and its service providers and portfolio companies has increased the risks posed to their respective information systems. The Fund and its service providers and portfolio companies are susceptible to operational and information security risks that include, among other things: human error and negligence; theft; the unauthorized monitoring, release, misuse, loss, destruction or corruption of confidential and highly restricted data; denial of service attacks; unauthorized access to relevant systems; compromises to networks or devices that the Fund and its service providers use to service the Fund s operations; and operational disruption or failures of physical infrastructure or operating systems. 
 Cyber-attacks against or security breakdowns of the Fund or its service providers or portfolio companies may adversely impact the Fund and its shareholders, potentially resulting in, among other things: financial losses; the inability of Fund shareholders to transact business and the Fund to process transactions; exposure of personal information belonging to the Fund and its shareholders and violations of applicable privacy and other laws; regulatory fines, penalties, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs; and/or additional compliance costs. The Fund may incur additional costs for cybersecurity risk management and remediation purposes. In addition, cybersecurity and privacy risks may also impact the Fund s transactional counterparties, governmental and other regulatory authorities, exchange and other financial market operators, banks, brokers, dealers, insurance companies and other financial institutions, which could cause the Fund to suffer losses. 
 
 In general, cybersecurity attacks and breaches include, but are not limited to, efforts by bad actors to gain unauthorized access to systems, networks, devices or other digital systems (e.g., through hacking or malicious software coding) for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. Cyber-attacks also may be carried out in a manner that does not require gaining unauthorized access, such as causing denial-of-service attacks on websites (i.e., efforts to make services unavailable to intended users) or using a phishing scheme to impersonate an executive or vendor to cause an unauthorized transfer of funds. There can be no assurance that the Fund or its service providers or portfolio companies will not suffer losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches in the future. 
 
 While information risk management systems and business continuity plans have been developed which are designed to reduce the risks associated with cybersecurity, there are inherent limitations in any cybersecurity risk management systems or business continuity plans, including the possibility that certain risks have not been identified and that cyber-attacks may be highly sophisticated. There can be no assurance that the programs, plans and systems in place will prevent a cyber-attack or otherwise prevent cyber losses. 
 
 In addition, federal, state and foreign governments and agencies have adopted and could in the future adopt regulations covering issues such as user privacy. If the Fund s and/or its services providers or portfolio companies privacy or data security measures fail to comply with current or future laws and regulations, they may be subject to additional litigation, regulatory investigations or other liabilities that could result in financial loss, litigation, regulatory investigations and penalties, and other liabilities that could damage their reputation and adversely impact the Fund s and/or its service providers or portfolio companies performance and financial condition. 
 
 Brexit Risk . The risk of investing in portfolio companies based out of or related to Europe may be heightened due to the United Kingdom UK formally leaving the European Union EU on January 31, 2020, an event commonly referred to as Brexit. 
 
 The UK and the EU have entered into a trade and cooperation agreement (the Trade Agreement governing certain aspects of their relationship. The agreement addresses trade, economic arrangements, law enforcement, judicial cooperation and a governance framework including procedures for dispute resolution, among other things. However, significant political and economic uncertainty remains about how the precise terms of the relationship between the parties will differ from the terms before Brexit. 
 
 Brexit has created legal and tax uncertainty, which may last for years to come, and could lead to potentially divergent national laws and regulations. While it is not possible to determine the precise impact that Brexit, including the implementation of the Trade Agreement or any future agreement between UK and the EU, may have on the Fund at this time and beyond, the impact on the UK and European economies and the broader global economy could be significant, including increased volatility and illiquidity, and potentially lower economic growth, on markets in the UK, Europe and globally, thereby adversely affecting the value of the Fund s investments. In addition, if other countries were to exit the EU or abandon the use of the euro as a currency, the value of investments tied to those countries or the euro could decline significantly and unpredictably. 
 
 Climate Change, Natural Disaster and Public Health Crises Risk . Climate change and related legislation, regulation, and accords, both domestic and international, intended to control the impact of climate change may produce direct or indirect adverse consequences to the Fund s investments, significantly affecting their value. Extreme weather patterns or natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods and earthquakes, or the threat thereof, could also adversely impact Fund portfolio companies facilities, operations, and services, as well as certain industries, or group of industries, and regions related to the Fund s investments. Additionally, public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could result in travel restrictions and shipping and labor disruptions, which may adversely affect Fund portfolio companies facilities, operations, and services. 
 
 Coronavirus ("COVID- 19 "). The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption in the international and U.S. economies and financial markets. The spread of COVID-19 has caused reduction in business activity, financial transactions, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial instability. The ongoing effects of COVID-19 remain challenging to predict due to multiple uncertainties, including, but not limited to the duration and resurgences of the outbreak, the application and effectiveness of health and safety measures that are voluntarily adopted by the public or required by government or public health authorities, including vaccines and treatments and the speed and strength of an economic recovery. 
 
 12 

The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Fund s portfolio companies business operations and results of operations is unknown at this time and will depend on many factors outside of the Fund s control, including, without limitations, the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic. 

INVESTMENT RISKS 
 
 International Investments . The Fund could invest up to, but not more than, 30 of its total assets in foreign based companies. Foreign investments are subject to most of the same risks as domestic investments, as well as the political, economic and other uncertainties associated with foreign activities, including war and political unrest, political conflict (including between the U.S. and China), the impact of laws and policies of foreign governments and the United States affecting foreign investment, and the possibility of being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts in connection with legal disputes or the inability to subject foreign persons to the jurisdiction of courts in the United States. Furthermore, there may be practical and local law impediments to cost-effective recovery against collateral located in a foreign country. Moreover, it is possible that taxes may be required to be withheld by the foreign company on dividend and interest payments received by the Fund with respect to such foreign investments. Although capital gains derived by the Fund with respect to such investments in such foreign company may often be exempt from non-U.S. income or withholding taxes, the treatment of capital gains varies among jurisdictions. If the income from such foreign investments is subject to non-U.S. income or withholding taxes, the Fund will attempt to negotiate offsetting gross-up payments from the foreign-based company. No assurances, however, can be given that the Fund would be able to negotiate such offsetting payments . Following Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the U.S., the European Union E.U. and its member states, and other countries announced and implemented major sanctions against Russia. The U.S., E.U. nations and other countries could impose wider sanctions and take other actions as the conflict continues. It is difficult to anticipate the long-term impact on the Fund of war in Ukraine, sanctions, and any retaliatory measures by Russia in response. However, any or all of these may cause significant turmoil in the global markets, including domestic and global credit markets and market liquidity, impact the domestic and global economy, further disrupt supply chains, increase the risk of inflation, limit the ability of the Fund to invest in companies impacted by the sanctions, or negatively impact the operations of portfolio companies, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on the Fund. 
 Foreign Currency and Exchange Rate Risks . Fund assets and income may be denominated in various currencies. Contributions and distributions, however, will be denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result, the return of the Fund on any investment may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, any future imposed devaluations of local currencies, inflationary pressures, and the success of the investment itself. In addition, the Fund may incur costs related to conversions between various currencies. As of December 31, 2022, all Fund assets and income, as well as contributions and distributions, are denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 Accounting and Disclosure Standards . Accounting, auditing, financial, and other reporting standards, practices, and disclosure requirements in countries in which the Fund may invest are not necessarily equivalent to those required under United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP ). Accordingly, less information may be available to investors. 
 Credit Risks . Most of the companies with which the Fund will enter into financing transactions will not have achieved profitability, may experience substantial fluctuations in their operating results or, in many cases, will not have significant operating revenues. The ability of any borrower to meet its obligations to the Fund, therefore, will depend to a significant extent on the willingness of such borrower s venture capital equity investors or outside investors to provide additional equity financing, which in turn will depend on the borrower s success in meeting its business plan, the market climate for venture capital investments generally, among other factors. Additionally, these Companies typically retain their cash for operations within one or more bank accounts. These accounts may hold cash in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s FDIC limit of 250,000. As a result, they are subject to concentration risk and liquidity risk associated with the underlying custodial banks with whom their deposits of cash and cash equivalents in excess of the FDIC limits are held. If access to these accounts is delayed or suspended indefinitely, it could have a material adverse impact on the company s ability to meet its financial obligations required for operations. This could affect the Fund s ability to be paid back on its outstanding commitments and result in a reduction to capital available to borrow within the Fund's underlying credit facilities. The companies to which the Fund will provide financing will frequently be engaged in the development of new products or technologies, and the success of these efforts, or the ability of the companies to successfully manufacture or market products or technologies developed, cannot be assured. These companies frequently face intense competition, including competition from companies with greater resources, and may face risks of product or technological obsolescence, non-acceptance in the market, or rapidly changing regulatory environments, any of which could adversely affect their prospects. The success of such companies often depends on the management talents and efforts of one person or a small group of persons whose death, disability, resignation or other form of departure would adversely affect the company. 
 Remedies Upon Default . In the event of a default on a portfolio loan, the available remedies to the Fund would include legal action against the borrower and foreclosure or repossession of collateral given by the borrower. However, the Fund could experience significant delays in exercising its rights as a secured lender and might incur substantial costs in taking possession of and liquidating its collateral and in taking other steps to protect its investment. The Fund generally will require that it have a first priority security interest in any equipment of a borrower financed with the proceeds of the Fund s loans, although that security interest may extend to the borrower s other assets in which another lender might have a senior or parity security interest. It is anticipated that the Fund will make loans to a borrower that has one or more other secured lenders. In such circumstances, the Fund may share all or a portion of its collateral with the other lender(s) and will enter into intercreditor agreements governing the respective rights of the Fund and such other lender(s), which could limit the Fund s flexibility in pursuing its remedies as a secured creditor, and reduce the proceeds realized from foreclosing or taking possession of the collateral. In the case of growth capital or working capital loans (where the loan proceeds can be used by the company for general corporate purposes), the Fund will typically receive either a broader lien on substantially all of the borrower s assets, including its intellectual property, or a lien on substantially all of the borrower s assets, excluding intellectual property, and a negative pledge on such intellectual property. 
 13 

As noted above, the Fund may utilize certain of its funds in investments that involve the financing of equipment assets. Equipment assets are often subject to rapid depreciation or obsolescence such that it is likely that the value of the assets underlying a loan to finance such assets will depreciate during the term of the loan transaction below the amount of the borrower s obligations. In addition, although borrowers will be required under the transaction documents to provide customary insurance for the assets underlying a loan and will be prohibited from disposing of the assets without the Fund s consent, compliance with these covenants cannot be assured and, in the event of non compliance, the assets could become unavailable to the Fund due to destruction, theft, sale or other circumstances. Realization of value from intellectual property collateral can also be time consuming and present special challenges, given the often-unique nature and limited market for such assets. The Fund s ability to obtain payment beyond the collateral underlying the loan from the borrower might be limited by bankruptcy or similar laws affecting creditors rights. In limited instances where the Fund takes security interests in a borrower s assets located in a foreign country, there may be practical and local law impediments to cost-effective recovery against such collateral. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the Fund would ultimately collect the full amount owed on a defaulted loan. 
 Emerging Company Risks . The possibility that the companies in which the Fund invests will not be able to commercialize their technology or product concept presents significant risk. Additionally, although some of such companies may already have a commercially successful product or product line at the time of investment, technology products and services often have a more limited market or life span than products in other industries. Thus, the ultimate success of these companies may depend on their ability to continually innovate in increasingly competitive markets. Most of the companies in which the Fund invests will require substantial additional equity financing to satisfy their continuing growth and working capital requirements. Each round of venture financing is typically intended to provide a company with enough capital to reach the next stage of development. The circumstances or market conditions under which such companies will seek additional capital is unpredictable. It is possible that certain companies will not be able to raise additional financing or may be able to do so only at a price or on terms which are unfavorable to the Fund. 
 Privately-Held Company Risks . The Fund invests primarily in privately-held companies. Generally, very little public information exists about these companies and the Fund is required to rely on the ability of the Manager to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. Moreover, these companies typically depend upon the management talents and efforts of a small group of individuals and the loss of one or more of these individuals could have a significant impact on the investment returns from a particular company. Also, these companies frequently have less diverse product lines and smaller market presence than larger companies. They are thus generally more vulnerable to economic downturns and may experience substantial variations in operating results. 
 Due Diligence Risks . Before making investments, the Manager conducts a limited amount of due diligence that it deems reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to each investment. When conducting due diligence and making an assessment regarding an investment, the Manager will be required to rely on resources available to it, including information provided by the target of the investment and, in some circumstances, third party investigations. The due diligence process may at times be subjective with respect to newly organized companies for which only limited information is available. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the due diligence investigation that the Manager will carry out with respect to any investment opportunity will reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity. Further, there can be no assurance that such an investigation will result in an investment being successful. 
 Financial Market Risk . The ability of the Fund to provide an acceptable return may be adversely affected by economic factors to which the market place is subject. Additionally, market turmoil could have a deleterious effect on the Company s investors which could impede the ability to provide capital to the Fund. This could impair the Fund s ability to honor commitments to lend, pay expenses of the Fund, or repay the Fund s loans. The volatility in the global financial markets, which reached unprecedented levels during 2008 and 2009, and continued for some period thereafter (albeit to a lesser extent), may recur in the future. This and other types of market turmoil could have a material adverse effect on the Fund s business and operations. The tightening of the credit markets could impair the Fund s ability to either acquire or utilize leverage to maximize the return it achieves on investments. The Fund s predecessors (Venture Lending Leasing I, Inc., Venture Lending Leasing II, Inc., Venture Lending Leasing III, Inc., Venture Lending Leasing IV, Inc., Venture Lending Leasing VI, Inc., Venture Lending Leasing VII, Inc., Venture Lending Leasing VIII, Inc., and to a lesser extent, Venture Lending Leasing V, Inc.), utilized leverage to increase returns to investors. If the Fund is unable to utilize leverage to the same extent as its predecessors, or unable to utilize leverage at all, there could be a material difference in the Fund s return as compared to these funds. 
 It is possible that market conditions could decrease the demand for venture loans, especially where the U.S. and global economic conditions deteriorated and remained weak for an extended period of time. Furthermore, market conditions could also adversely impact either or both the ability of the Fund s borrowers to meet their obligations to the Fund and the value of the Fund s direct investments in companies. Most of the companies in which the Fund will invest will not have achieved profitability and will require substantial equity financing to satisfy their continuing growth and working capital requirements. An economic downturn could decrease the demand for such borrower s products and technology, thereby impairing such borrower s financial condition and its ability to raise additional equity financing from outside investors. Should these events occur, there could be an increase in borrower defaults under their obligations to the Fund, or a decrease in the value of the Fund s direct equity investments. 
 
 Additionally, the Federal Reserve raised the Federal Funds Rate in 2022 and has signaled an intent to continue raising rates in 2023. These developments, along with the United States government s credit and deficit concerns, global economic uncertainties and market volatility and the impacts of COVID-19, could cause interest rates to be volatile, which may negatively impact the Fund's ability to access the debt markets and capital markets on favorable terms. 
 
 14 

Other U.S. and Global Economic Risks . In addition to the crisis in the financial markets discussed above, the ability of the Fund to provide an acceptable return may be adversely affected by other economic and business factors to which the U.S. market place is subject. These factors, which generally are beyond the control of the Manager, include: general economic conditions, such as inflation and fluctuations in general business conditions; the impact of terrorist attacks within or against the United States or other countries where investments are made; the effects of strikes, labor disputes and domestic and foreign political unrest; and uncertainty in the U.S. economy. 
 Inflation . Certain of the Fund s portfolio companies are in industries that may be impacted by inflation. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs of operations along to their customers, it could adversely affect their operating results and impact their ability to pay interest and principal on the Fund s loans, particularly in light of Federal Reserve actions in response to inflation In addition, any projected future decreases in the Fund s portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of the Fund s investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses and therefore reduce the Fund s net assets resulting from operations. 
 Changes to U.S. Trade Policy May Have a Negative Effect on the Global Economy and/or the Fund s Portfolio Companies and, in Turn, Harm the Fund . Significant changes to U.S. trade policy, including changes to current legislation and trade agreements and the imposition of tariffs have been discussed by the current U.S. presidential administration and certain members of Congress. Recently, the administration has imposed tariffs on a range of goods imported into the U.S., and a few countries have retaliated with tariffs against the United States. These retaliatory actions could trigger extended trade wars between the U.S. and its trading partners, resulting in additional barriers to the international market, inclusive of customers, vendors, and potential investors. Under these circumstances, the cost of goods for some portfolio companies could increase, resulting in lower consumer demand for their goods and reduced cash flows. While it is unknown whether and to what extent new legislation will be enacted into law, the enactment or amendment of trade legislation and/or renegotiation of trade agreements may impose additional compliance costs on portfolio companies, restrict their ability to participate in international markets and otherwise disrupt their current operations. 
 Special Risk Considerations Relating to China . The Fund may invest in portfolio companies that are based in China, have significant operations in China or are otherwise connected to China. Markets in China can be volatile due to uncertain social, economic, regulatory and political factors, in addition to the effects of public health crises, such as the response to the outbreak of coronavirus emanating from China. See the discussion herein under the caption Climate Change, Natural Disaster and Public Health Crises Risk. The severity and duration of any adverse economic conditions may be driven by governmental or quasi-governmental policies; in particular geopolitical risk and the imposition of sanctions by outside governments could severely disrupt the Chinese economy and the value of securities tied to it. 
 Speculative Nature of Warrants and Equity Investments . The value of the warrants that the Fund generally will receive and distribute to its shareholder in connection with its financing investments is dependent on the value of the equity securities for which the warrants can be exercised. The value of such warrants, direct equity investments, and equities received upon conversion of debt instruments is dependent primarily on the success of the company s business strategy and the growth of its earnings, but also depends on general economic and equity market conditions. The prospects for achieving consistent profitability, in the case of many companies in which the Fund invests, are speculative. The warrants, equity securities for which the warrants can be exercised, direct equity investments, and equities received upon conversion of debt instruments generally will be restricted securities that cannot readily be sold for some period of time. If the value of the equity securities underlying a warrant does not increase above the exercise price during the life of the warrant, the Fund may permit the warrant to expire unexercised and the warrant would then have no value. 
 Illiquidity of Investments . Substantially all of the Fund s portfolio investments (other than short-term investments) will consist of securities that, at the time of acquisition, are subject to restrictions on sale and for which no ready market will exist. Restricted securities cannot be sold publicly without prior agreement with the issuer to register the securities under the 1933 Act, or by selling such securities under Rule 144 or other provisions of the 1933 Act which permit only limited sales under specified conditions. Venture loans and equity investments are privately negotiated transactions, and there is no established trading market in which such loans and equity investments can be sold. Special Situation Financings may also be privately negotiated transactions. In the case of warrants or equity securities, the Fund generally will realize the value of such securities only if the issuer is able to make an initial public offering of its shares or enters into a business combination with another company which purchases the Fund s warrants or equity securities or exchanges them for publicly-traded securities of the acquirer. The feasibility of such transactions depends upon the entity s financial results as well as general economic and equity market conditions. In the past, crises in the financial markets have dramatically reduced the volume of initial public offerings and mergers and acquisitions in the market place. If such a crisis recurs, the Fund s ability to realize liquidity through its investments would likely be impaired. Furthermore, even if the restricted warrants or equity securities owned become publicly-traded, the Fund s ability to sell such securities may be limited by the lack (or limited nature) of a trading market for such securities. If the Fund holds material nonpublic information regarding the issuer of the securities, the Fund s ability to sell such securities may also be limited by insider trading laws. When restricted securities are sold to the public, the Fund, under certain circumstances, may be deemed an underwriter or a controlling person with respect thereto for the purposes of the 1933 Act, and be subject to liabilities as such under that Act. 
 Because of the illiquidity of the Fund s investments, most of its assets will be carried at fair value as determined by the Manager in accordance with the Fund s policy, as approved by the Fund s Board of Directors. This value will not necessarily reflect the amount ultimately realized upon a sale of the assets. 
 
 Non-Diversified Status . The Fund is classified as a non-diversified investment company under the 1940 Act, but the Fund may, from time to time, act as a diversified investment company within the meaning of Section 5(b)(1) of the 1940 Act. The Fund elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code and operates in a manner to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs, including the diversification requirement. Nevertheless, the Fund s assets may be subject to a greater risk of loss than if its investments were more widely diversified. 
 15 

Foreign Investment Review . Pursuant to Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended (the DPA ), the U.S. Government has the authority to restrict and prevent foreign acquisitions of and investments in U.S. companies (collectively, Foreign Investments on national security grounds, actions that could adversely affect the Company s and the Fund s investment activities. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), a U.S. Government interagency committee, conducts national security reviews of Foreign Investments and, in the interest of national security, may impose mitigation (i.e., restrictions) on such investments. CFIUS-imposed mitigation can take a variety of forms, including (i) restrictions on the foreign investor s access to the U.S. company s technology or facilities, (ii) restrictions on the foreign investor s role in the governance or decision making of the U.S. company, (iii) mandatory divestiture of a foreign investor s capital contribution and termination of its participation in the Company, (iv) mandatory U.S. Government approvals of changes to the U.S. company s suppliers or the locations of its source code repositories, and (v) the appointment of a U.S. Government-approved monitor to verify the transaction parties compliance with the mitigation. The President of the United States (the President may block a Foreign Investment that threatens to impair U.S. national security or order a foreign investor to divest of its Foreign Investment. 
 
 If the Fund has foreign investors, its investments are potentially subject to CFIUS review. In addition, foreign investors indirect investments in portfolio companies could subject such companies to CFIUS review. Finally, subsequent proposed financings, investments, acquisitions, or mergers or other transactions related to portfolio companies involving foreign persons also could be subject to CFIUS review. 
 
 Parties to transactions within CFIUS s jurisdiction, potentially including the Company, the Fund and portfolio companies, may choose to submit a voluntary declaration or notice to CFIUS for its review. Rules implementing the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act FIRRMA of 2018 revised the CFIUS process to (i) expand CFIUS s jurisdiction notably to certain non-controlling investments in U.S. companies that are involved in critical technologies or critical infrastructure or that hold sensitive personal data of U.S. citizens and (ii) mandate filings in certain instances. Specifically, mandatory filings may be required when a foreign investor acquires certain rights with respect to a U.S. business that deals in critical technology, or when a foreign government has a substantial interest in the foreign investor. Some of the Company s and the Fund s investments could fall within this expanded jurisdiction. 
 
 Due to these CFIUS considerations, the Company, the Fund and portfolio companies could incur increased costs, including legal fees, related to (i) evaluating whether a particular portfolio investment or other transaction related to a portfolio company requires the submission of a filing to CFIUS, (ii) evaluating whether the submission of a declaration or notice to CFIUS is warranted, (iii) drafting a filing and submitting it to CFIUS, (iv) undergoing a CFIUS review or investigation, (v) negotiating and implementing CFIUS-imposed mitigation, and (vi) complying with any Presidential order. Submission of a filing to CFIUS in connection with an investment or other transaction related to a portfolio company also could result in significant delays, as the CFIUS review and investigation process can last several months. CFIUS could condition its clearance of a Foreign Investment on adjustments to the terms of such Foreign Investment or other mitigation (including, if applicable, exclusion of a foreign investor of the Company from a Foreign Investment), and these conditions could adversely affect one or more portfolio companies and decrease the Company s and the Fund s return on its investment in any such portfolio company. In rare cases, the President could block a Foreign Investment or order the Company and the Fund to divest of a Foreign Investment. Finally, the Company and the Fund may choose not to make certain investments, or a portfolio company may choose not to solicit or pursue certain subsequent investments or other transactions, that are otherwise attractive based on an evaluation of the associated CFIUS risks. 
 
 CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
 Transactions with Venture Lending Leasing VIII, Inc. Fund VIII . The Manager also serves as the investment manager for Fund VIII. The Fund s Board of Directors determined that so long as Fund VIII has capital available to invest in loan transactions with final maturities earlier than December 31, 2025 (the date on which Fund VIII will be dissolved), the Fund may invest in each portfolio company in which Fund VIII invests. Generally, the amount of each investment will be allocated 50 to the Fund and 50 to Fund VIII, or such other allocations as may be determined by the respective fund boards, so long as the Fund has capital available to invest. Effective March 31, 2020, Fund VIII was no longer permitted to enter new commitments to borrowers; however, Fund VIII was permitted to fund existing commitments in which the Fund might also be invested. Fund VIII's last commitment expired on September 30, 2021. The ability of the Fund to co-invest with Fund VIII, and other clients advised by the Manager, is subject to the conditions Conditions with which the Funds are currently complying while seeking certain exemptive relief from the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC from the provisions of Sections 17(d) and 57 of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder. The Manager has exercised, and the Board of Directors ratified, its discretion to extend the Fund s investment period for two additional quarters, thereby allowing the Fund to make new commitments through December 31, 2022 and to fund commitments through December 31, 2023, the end of the Fund s investment period. To the extent that clients, other than Fund VIII, advised by the Manager (but in which the Manager has no proprietary interest) invest in opportunities available to the Fund, the Manager will allocate such opportunities among the Fund and such other clients in a manner deemed fair and equitable considering all of the circumstances in accordance with the Conditions. 
 Transactions with WTI Fund X, Inc. Fund X . The Manager also serves as the investment manager for Fund X. The Fund s Board of Directors determined that so long as Fund X has capital available to invest in loan transactions with final maturities earlier than December 31, 2031 (the date on which Fund X will be dissolved), the Fund may invest in each portfolio company in which Fund X invests. Generally, the amount of each investment will be allocated 50 to the Fund and 50 to Fund X, or such other allocations as may be determined by the respective fund boards, so long as the Fund has capital available to invest. The ability of the Fund to co-invest with Fund X, and other clients advised by the Manager, is subject to the Conditions described above. The Manager has exercised, and the Board of Directors ratified, its discretion to extend the Fund s investment period for two additional quarters, thereby allowing the Fund to make new commitments through December 31, 2022 and to fund commitments through December 31, 2023, the end of the Fund s investment period. 
 16 

To the extent that clients, other than Fund X, advised by the Manager (but in which the Manager has no proprietary interest) invest in opportunities available to the Fund, the Manager will allocate such opportunities among the Fund and such other clients in a manner deemed fair and equitable considering all of the circumstances in accordance with the Conditions. 
 
 Intercreditor Agreements . In all transactions in which the Fund and other funds managed by the Manager invest or those in which another lender(s) has either invested or may later invest (or in the event a successor fund is raised, in which the Fund and the successor fund invest), it is expected that the Fund and, other funds managed by the Manager (or the successor fund as the case may be), and/or the other lender(s) will enter into an intercreditor agreement pursuant to which the Fund and, other funds managed by the Manager (or the successor fund), and/or the other lender(s), along with any predecessor funds which still have a balance outstanding, will cooperate in pursuing their remedies following a default by the common borrower. Generally, under such intercreditor agreements, each party would agree that its security interest would be treated in parity with the security interest of the other party, regardless of which security interest would have priority under applicable law. Accordingly, proceeds realized from the sale of any collateral or the exercise of any other creditor s rights will be allocated between the Fund and, other funds managed by the Manager, and any predecessor funds as described above, pro rata in accordance with the amounts of their respective investments. An exception to the foregoing arrangement would occur in situations where, for example, one of the lenders financed specific items of equipment collateral; in that case, usually the lender who financed the specific assets will have a senior lien on that asset, and the other lenders will have a junior priority lien (even though they may ratably share liens of equal priority on other assets of the common borrower). As a result of such intercreditor agreements, the Fund may have less flexibility in pursuing its remedies following a default than it would have had had there been no intercreditor agreement, and the Fund may realize fewer proceeds. In addition, because the Fund and other funds managed by the Manager (or the successor fund) invest at the same time in the same borrower, such borrower would be required to service two loans rather than one. Any additional administrative costs or burdens resulting therefrom may make the Fund a less attractive lender and may make it more difficult for the Fund to acquire such loans. 
 
 Valuation . The Manager is responsible for valuing the Fund s assets and liabilities, subject to oversight by the Fund s Board of Directors, and has an inherent conflict in performing this function such that it has an incentive to increase the value of the assets for its performance record. In accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, the Manager has been designated as the valuation designee within the meaning of the rule. The rule requires the Manager to periodically assess any material risks associated with the determination of the fair value of the Fund s assets valuation risks ), including material conflicts of interest, and managing those identified valuation risks. The Fund does not intend to engage an independent valuation agent to value its assets and therefore is entirely reliant upon the Manager and its delegates for valuing the assets. 
 Indemnification and Exculpation . The organizational documents of the Fund provide for indemnification of directors, officers, employees, advisory board members and agents (including the Manager) of the Fund, generally to the full extent permitted by applicable state law and the 1940 Act, including the advance of expenses and reasonable counsel fees. The charter of the Fund also contains a provision eliminating personal liability of a Fund director or officer to the Fund or its stockholder for money damages, subject to specified exceptions. In addition, the Fund has entered into an indemnification with its directors and officers. A successful claim for such indemnification, including payment of any expenses and counsel fees, would reduce the Fund s assets by the amounts paid. Furthermore, Fund assets are used to obtain insurance policies that generally protect the Fund s directors and officers from personal liability of actions taken in their roles as the Fund s directors and officers. 
 Disinterested Directors and Advisory Board Members . The members of the Fund s Board of Directors will overlap with the members of the Company s advisory board, and the members of the Company s advisory board are generally the same as, or a subset of, the disinterested directors of the Fund. Although the Manager expects that, given the Company s 100 ownership of the Fund, the interests of the two entities will not diverge, it is conceivable that a conflict of interest could exist between the Fund and the Company. In addition, as compensation for services, the disinterested directors will receive an annual fee of 30,000 (plus 1,000 per meeting attended in person and an additional 10,000 for the chair of the Audit Committee). Any future changes to the compensation to be paid to the disinterested directors will be determined by the Nominating Committee of the Fund s Board of Directors. Upon the liquidation of the Fund, the disinterested advisory board members will receive an annual fee in an amount determined by the Member (it is currently anticipated that such annual amount shall be 15,000). The disinterested directors and advisory board members will also be reimbursed for certain expenses. While courts have generally held that the receipt of reasonable and customary directors fees and benefits does not alter the status of a director as disinterested, the payment of such fees may impact the objectivity of the disinterested directors and the advisory board members on behalf of the members. 
 Personal Trading . The Manager has a code of ethics that contains personal securities trading procedures that apply to its access persons. Access persons are required to report if they have an investment in a company in which the Fund is considering making an investment. Pre-approval is required before an access person may buy or sell securities in an initial public offering, private placement, or any security listed on a restricted list maintained by the Manager. 
 Interests in Potential Portfolio Companies . The Manager may recommend that the Fund invest in companies in which a principal or employee has a prior personal investment or for which a principal or employee may serve as a director or advisor. The Manager also may recommend that the Fund invest in companies in which venture capital funds, private equity funds or other institutional investors Unaffiliated Funds also have made investments, where one or more principals or employees of the Manager may have made an investment in, or served as an advisor to, an investing Unaffiliated Fund. Such a relationship presents potential conflicts of interest by providing the principal or employee with an incentive to influence the Manager s decision to recommend an investment in the company in question. There is also a potential conflict of interest in that such principal or employee could use information acquired through association with the Manager to influence or benefit Unaffiliated Funds investment decisions. The Manager addresses these potential conflicts through its policies and procedures that are designed to insulate its investment decision-making process and its research from these incentives. For 
 17 

example, the policies require that principals with a prior direct investment in a company be recused from the investment decision-making process with respect to that company. 
 Principals that serve as advisors to Unaffiliated Funds may make investment recommendations to these Unaffiliated Funds, which may be the same investment that the Fund has made or may make. The Manager s policies and procedures require such principals to arrange for any such investment opportunity to be first offered to the Fund (or a predecessor fund) and for such investment opportunity to only subsequently be offered to an Unaffiliated Fund once declined by the Fund (or a predecessor fund). 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 All of the Fund s office space is provided by the Manager. The executive offices are located at 104 La Mesa Drive, Suite 102, Portola Valley, CA 94028. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Fund may become party to certain lawsuits from time to time in the normal course of business. While the outcome of any legal proceedings cannot now be predicted with certainty, the Fund does not expect any such proceedings will have a material effect upon the Fund's financial condition or results of operation. Management is not aware of any pending legal proceedings involving the Fund. The Fund is not a party to any material legal proceedings. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 18 

PART II. 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER 
 PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Fund s common stock is not listed on any securities exchange, and all holders of the Fund s common stock are subject to agreements significantly restricting the transferability of their shares. 
 The number of holders of record of the Fund s common stock at March 15, 2023 was 1. 
 The Fund has a policy of distributing securities as acquired. The Fund values these securities at fair value at the time of acquisition in accordance with the Fund s policy on valuation detailed in Note 2 to the financial statements included in this filing. In addition, some expenses of the Company may be paid by the Fund and will be deemed as distributions to the Company. The Fund has established a policy of declaring dividends on a quarterly basis to the extent that taxable income of the Fund, less applicable reserves, exceeds warrant distributions and deemed distributions. As of December 31, 2022, the Fund had distributed 290.9 million to date to its sole shareholder, of which 200 million was in cash. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion should be read in connection with our Financial Statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 In addition to the historical information contained herein, the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These forward-looking statements reflect the current view of the Fund with respect to future events and financial performance and are subject to several risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Fund s control. All statements, other than statements of historical facts included in this Annual Report, regarding the strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of the Fund are forward-looking statements. For example, statements in this Form 10-K regarding the potential future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Fund s business and results of operations are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words will, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, expect, project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. The Fund does not undertake any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether resulting from new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 The reader of this Annual Report should understand that all such forward-looking statements are subject to various uncertainties and risks that could affect their outcome. The Fund s actual results could differ materially from those suggested by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, variances in the actual versus projected growth in assets, return on assets, loan losses, expenses, rates charged on loans and earned on securities investments, competition and macro-economic changes including inflation, interest rate expectations, among other factors including those set forth in Item 1A - Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This entire Annual Report should be read to put such forward-looking statements in context and to gain a more complete understanding of the uncertainties and risks involved in the Fund s business. 
 Overview 
 
 The Fund is 100 owned by the Company. The Fund s shares of common stock, at 0.001 par value, were sold to its sole shareholder, the Company, under a stock purchase agreement. The Fund has issued 100,000 of the Fund s 10,000,000 authorized shares. The Company may make additional capital contributions to the Fund. 
 The Fund provides financing and advisory services to a variety of carefully selected Venture-Backed Companies primarily throughout the United States, with a focus on growth-oriented companies. The Fund s portfolio consists of companies in the communications, information services, media, technology (including software and technology-enabled business services), biotechnology, and medical devices industry sectors, among others. The Fund s capital is generally used by its portfolio companies to finance acquisitions of fixed assets and working capital. On May 1, 2018, the Company called and received its first capital from investors. On May 2, 2018, the Fund made its first investment and became a non-diversified, closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act. While the Fund intends to operate as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of Section 5(b)(2) of the 1940 Act, from time to time, the Fund may act as a diversified investment company within the meaning of Section 5(b)(1) of the 1940 Act. 
 19 

The Fund elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code for federal income tax purposes. Pursuant to this election, the Fund generally will not have to pay corporate-level taxes on any income distributed to its shareholder as dividends, allowing the Company to substantially reduce or eliminate its corporate-level tax liability. 
 
 The Fund will seek to meet the ongoing requirements, including the diversification requirements, to qualify as a RIC under the Code. If the Fund fails to meet these requirements, it will be taxed as an ordinary corporation on its taxable income for that year (even if that income is distributed to the members of the Company) and all distributions out of its earnings and profits will be taxable to the members of the Company as ordinary income; thus, such income will be subject to a double layer of tax. There is no assurance that the Fund will meet the ongoing requirements to qualify as a RIC for tax purposes. 
 
 The Fund s investment objective is to achieve superior risk-adjusted investment returns and it seeks to achieve that objective by providing debt financing to portfolio companies, most of which are private. The Fund generally receives warrants to acquire equity securities in connection with its portfolio investments and generally distributes these warrants to its shareholder upon receipt, or soon thereafter. The Fund also has guidelines for the percentages of total assets that are invested in different types of assets. 
 
 The portfolio investments of the Fund primarily consist of debt financing to Venture-Backed Companies in the technology sector. The borrower s ability to repay its loans may be adversely impacted by several factors, and as a result, the loan may not be fully repaid. Furthermore, the Fund s security interest in any collateral over the borrower s assets may be insufficient to make up any shortfall in payments. Some of our portfolio companies may be impacted by rising inflation, which could have a material impact on their results of operations, specifically cost and revenues. As such, rising inflation may have an adverse impact on the portfolio borrowers ability to maintain their good credit standing, as well as their ability to pay their interest and principal obligations to the Fund. In addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in future unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. 
 
 The Fund s investment income is also expected to decline following the end of the Fund's commitment period which has been extended by two calendar quarters through December 31, 2022. After the commitment period, the Fund may no longer make loan commitments to reinvest the proceeds of matured investments in new loans. Any proceeds will be distributed to the Company. 
 
 COVID-19, the Ukraine War and the Impact of Worldwide Inflation on Results of Operations and Liquidity Capital Resources 
 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related actions by governments around the world to attempt to contain the spread of the virus had an impact on a number of the Fund s portfolio companies business and operations. Uncertainty remains regarding the full extent of the long-term economic impact on the Fund s business operations, results of operations, and access to liquidity and capital resources. The impact on the Fund will depend on many factors beyond the Fund s control, including, without limitations, (i) the timing, extent, trajectory, and duration of the pandemic (ii) the restrictions and advisories put in place to combat the pandemic, (iii) the effects of the pandemic and measures to combat the pandemic on the financial markets, and (iv) the impact on the economy overall, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. In addition, the impact on local economies is uncertain and the speed of economic recovery may vary across different industries both domestically and globally. 
 
 Global and domestic financial markets have experienced an increase in volatility as concerns about the impact of higher inflation, rising interest rates, a potential recession and the current conflict in Ukraine have weighed on market participants. These factors have created disruptions in supply chains and economic activity and have had a particularly adverse impact on certain industries. These uncertainties can ultimately impact the overall supply and demand of the market through changing spreads, deal terms and structures. The Fund is unable to predict the full impact of these macroeconomic events to the Fund's liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 The Fund is continuing to maintain close communications with its loan portfolio companies to proactively assess and manage potential risks. In addition, Management is continuing to maintain oversight analysis of credits across the Fund's loan investment portfolio in an attempt to manage the potential credit risk and improve loan performance. Certain loans may have inherent increased credit risk due to the underlying business and its ability to maintain operations in the current economic environment. 
 
 Management is also monitoring the Fund s continued access to capital resources through periodic and timely communication with the bank syndicate and the Company s members. The Fund believes its existing cash balance, scheduled monthly payments from borrowers, and access to capital from its debt facility and the Company s members will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, debt repayments, and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations. 

20 

Critical Accounting Policies, Practices and Estimates 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Practices are those accounting policies and practices that are both the most important to the portrayal of the Fund s net assets and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Critical accounting estimates are accounting estimates where the nature of the estimates is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and the impact of the estimates on net assets or operating performance is material. 
 
 In evaluating the most critical accounting policies and estimates, the Manager has identified the estimation of fair value of the Fund s loan investments along with the completeness of loans exhibiting indicators of potential credit deterioration as the most critical of the accounting policies and accounting estimates applied to the Fund s reporting of net assets or operating performance. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Fund defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date; that is, an exit price. The exit price assumes the asset or liability was exchanged in an orderly transaction; it was not a forced liquidation or distressed sale. There is no readily available market price or secondary market for the loans made by the Fund to borrowers, hence the Manager determines fair value based on a hypothetical market and the estimates are subject to high levels of judgment and uncertainty. The Fund s loan investments are considered Level 3 fair value measurements in the fair value hierarchy due to the lack of observability over many of the important inputs used in determining fair value. In particular, the Manager has identified the fair value of the Fund s loan investments that exhibit indicators of the potential for credit deterioration and the completeness of those loan investments, as a critical accounting matter that may involve significant and material estimates and inputs from the Manager in determining the fair value of those loan investments. 
 
 Critical judgments and inputs in determining the fair value of a loan include the estimated timing and amount of future cash flows and probability of future payments, based on the assessment of payment history, available cash and burn rate, revenues, net income or loss, operating results, financial strength of borrower, prospects for the borrower s raising future equity rounds, likelihood of sale or acquisition of the borrower, length of expected holding period of the loan, collateral position, the timing and amount of liquidation of collateral for loans that are experiencing significant credit deterioration and, as a result, collection becomes collateral-dependent, as well as an evaluation of the general interest rate environment. Management has evaluated these factors and has concluded that the effect of a deterioration in the quality of the underlying collateral, increase in the size of the loan, increase in the estimated time to recovery, and increase in the hypothetical market coupon rate would have the effect of decreasing the fair value of loan investments. The risk profile of a loan changes when events occur that impact the credit analysis of the borrower and the loan. Such changes result in the fair value being adjusted from par value of the individual loan. Where the risk profile is consistent with the original underwriting, the par value of the loan often approximates fair value. 
 
 The actual value of the loans may differ from Management s estimates, which would affect net change in net assets resulting from operations as well as assets. 
 
 Results of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 For the most recent discussion on the results of operations for the year ending December 31, 2020, refer to the management discussion and analysis on the prior period annual report, Form 10-K, filed on March 14, 2022. 
 Analysis of Interest Income 
 Total investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 84.0 million and 86.0 million, respectively, which primarily consisted of interest on venture loans outstanding and early payoffs. The remaining income consisted of interest and dividends on the temporary investment of cash. Decrease in interest income on venture loans outstanding is a reflection of the decreased weighted-average interest rate on the loans. 
 Interest is calculated using the effective interest method, and rates earned by the Fund will fluctuate based on many factors including early payoffs, volatility of values ascribed to warrants and new loans funded during the year. 
 The following table shows the average outstanding balance, interest income and weighted average interest rate for the cash and non-cash portion of interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Average Outstanding Balance Interest Income Weighted Average Interest Rate - Cash Portion Weighted Average Interest Rate - Non-Cash Portion Average Outstanding Balance Interest Income Weighted Average Interest Rate - Cash Portion Weighted Average Interest Rate - Non-Cash Portion Performing Loans 478,831,623 80,313,480 13.21 3.57 393,012,888 84,965,060 15.76 5.86 All Loans 490,007,676 82,096,477 13.27 3.48 403,313,700 85,555,014 15.50 5.71 
 Interest income for performing and all loans decreased by 4.7 million and 3.5 million, or 5.5 and 4.0 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease is primarily due to the lower weighted average interest rate. 
 21 

The average outstanding balance for performing and all loans increased by 85.8 million and 86.7 million, or 21.8 and 21.5 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Analysis of Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was comprised of amounts related to interest on debt amounts drawn down, unused credit line fees, and amounts amortized from deferred fees incurred in conjunction with the debt facility. 
 
 The following table shows the average balance, interest expense, and weighted average interest rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Average Balance Interest Expense Weighted Average Interest Expense Rate Average Balance Interest Expense Weighted Average Interest Expense Rate Bank Facility 264,153,846 12,449,209 4.71 206,569,231 6,333,348 3.07 
 Interest expense increased by 6.1 million, or 96.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The increase is primarily due to higher average debt outstanding and higher weighted average interest rate. 
 Analysis of Operating Expense 
 The following table shows the components of operating expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Operating Expense For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Change ) Management fees 6,325,000 7,072,500 (747,500) Banking and professional fees 605,195 1,395,114 (789,919) Other operating expenses 189,809 214,396 (24,587) Total Operating Expense 7,120,004 8,682,010 (1,562,006) 
 For the period from January 1, 2021 through June 30, 2021, management fees were calculated at 1.575 of the Company's committed capital. For the period from July 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021, management fees were calculated at 1.500 of the Company's committed capital. Management fees were calculated at 1.500 of the Company's committed capital from January 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022. For the period from July 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, management fees were calculated at 1.250 of the Company's committed capital. 
 Banking and professional fees were comprised of legal, audit, banking and other professional fees. The decrease of 0.8 million or 56.6 was primarily due to decreased legal fees associated with non-performing loans. 
 Other operating expense included director fees, custody fees, tax fees and other expenses related to the operations of the Fund. 
 
 Non-recurring fees 
 
 The Fund may receive non-recurring fees in connection with the origination and servicing of portfolio loans. Transactions in this category may include forfeited commitment fees and unamortized warrants, that become recognized as other income after the loan commitment period expires. Other non-recurring fees include pre-payment fees which are recognized as other income in the period received. Legal fee reimbursements for deal due diligence and drafting of documents are recognized as offsets against legal expenses. Non-recurring fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 2.8 million and 1.9 million, respectively. 
 
 Net investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 64.4 million and 71.0 million, respectively. 
 Realized and Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
 
 Net realized loss from loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 3.4 million and 0.1 million, respectively. This is due to losses incurred from written-off loans. 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) from derivative instruments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1.9 million and (1.3) million, respectively. The reason for the gain during the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the termination of an interest collar contract with MUFG Union Bank N.A. and interest received on the derivative instruments when the cap rates of the interest rate collars were lower than the floating rate. Realized losses were the result of interest being paid by the Fund on the derivative instruments when the floor rates of the interest rate collars or fixed rates of the interest rate swaps (and floor agreements) were higher than the floating rate. 
 
 22 

Net change in unrealized loss from loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 14.4 million and 5.4 million, respectively. The net change in unrealized loss from loans consisted of fair value adjustments to loans and the reversal of fair value adjustments previously taken against loans paid off and written off. 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain from derivative instruments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 9.8 million and 2.1 million, respectively. The net change in unrealized gain from derivative instruments consisted of fair market value adjustments to the derivative instruments and is a reflection of the market s outlook on the economy and the future of interest rate changes, as well as realization of prior unrealized gains and losses. 
 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 58.4 million and 66.2 million, respectively. On a per share basis, the net increase in net assets resulting from operations for the same periods was 583.68 and 661.96, respectively. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources -- December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 For the most recent discussion on the liquidity and capital resources for the year ending December 31, 2020, refer to the management discussion and analysis on the annual report, Form 10-K, filed on March 14, 2022. 
 The Fund is owned entirely by the Company. The Company is expected, but not required, to make further contributions to the capital of the Fund to the extent of the Company s members capital commitment to the Company and excess cash balances of the Company. Total capital contributed to the Fund was 407.1 million and 345.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had subscriptions for capital in the amount of 460.0 million, of which 460.0 million and 388.7 million had been called and received, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has made 137.8 million in recallable distributions to its investors, as permitted under its operating agreement between the Company s managing member and members of the Company. 
 The change in cash held by the Fund for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 18,120,417 (141,592,182) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (17,984,886) 136,034,065 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 135,531 (5,558,117) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 2.64 and 3.01 , respectively, of the Fund s net assets consisted of cash and cash equivalents. 
 On December 20, 2018, the Fund entered into a syndicated loan agreement led by MUFG Union Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and ING Capital LLC, with participation from Zions Bancorporation, N.A., doing business as California Bank Trust, Bank Leumi USA, Umpqua Bank, HSBC Bank USA, N.A., and First Bank, that established a secured revolving loan facility in an initial amount of up to 200.0 million with the option to request that borrowing availability be increased up to 400.0 million, subject to further negotiation and credit approval. On March 18, 2021, the Fund entered into an Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement with MUFG Union Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and ING Capital, LLC, with participating from TIAA, FSB, Bank Leumi USA, HSBC Bank USA, N.A., Umpqua Bank, Zions Bancorporation, N.A., doing business as California Bank Trust, Hitachi Capital America Corp, First Bank, and Bank of Hope, that increased the size of the facility to 350.0 million and extended the term of the facility (the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement ). On May 17, 2022, the Fund, entered into a First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the First Amendment with lenders named therein. The First Amendment provides for, among other modifications (i) an increase in the size of the facility to 400,000,000, (ii) replacement of the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), and (iii) conversion of an existing LIBOR Market Index Rate Loan to a Daily Simple SOFR Rate Loan. 
 
 Borrowings of the Fund are collateralized by all of the assets of the Fund and the Manager's right to receive management fees from the Fund. Loans under the facility may be, at the option of the Fund, a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Rate Loan (calculated at Daily Simple SOFR or another applicable Term SOFR Reference Rate). The Fund pays interest on its borrowings and also pays a fee on the unused portion of the facility. The facility terminates on March 18, 2024, but can be accelerated in the event of default, such as the failure by the Fund to make timely interest or principal payments. As of December 31, 2022, 244.5 million was outstanding under the facility. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and since the start of its investment operations in May 2018, the Fund invested its assets in venture loans. Amounts disbursed under the Fund s loan commitments were 236.1 million and 358.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net loan amounts outstanding after amortization and valuation adjustments increased by 5.7 million for the y ear ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. Unexpired unfunded commitments totaled 68.1 million and 97.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 23 

As of Cumulative Amount Disbursed Principal Reductions and Fair Market Adjustments Balance Outstanding - Fair Value Unexpired Unfunded Commitments December 31, 2022 1,058.3 million 568.6 million 489.7 million 68.1 million December 31, 2021 822.2 million 338.2 million 484.0 million 97.9 million 
 The unexpired unfunded commitments by portfolio company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are detailed in Note 10 to the financial statements included in this filing. 
 Because venture loans are privately negotiated transactions, investments in these assets are relatively illiquid. It is the Management s experience that not all unexpired unfunded commitments will be used by borrowers. Many credit agreements contain provisions that are milestone dependent and not all borrowers will achieve these milestones. Additionally, the Fund s credit agreements contain provisions that give relief from funding obligations in the event the borrower has a materially adverse change in its financial condition. Therefore, the unexpired unfunded commitments do not necessarily reflect future cash requirements or future investments for the Fund. 
 
 The Fund seeks to maintain the requirements to qualify for the special pass-through status available to RICs under the Code, and thus to be relieved of federal income tax on that part of its net investment income and realized capital gains that it distributes to its shareholder. To qualify as a RIC, the Fund must distribute to its shareholder for each taxable year at least 90 of its investment company taxable income (consisting generally of net investment income and net short-term capital gain) (the Distribution Requirement ). To the extent that the terms of the Fund s venture loans provide for the receipt by the Fund of additional interest at the end of the loan term or provide for the receipt by the Fund of a purchase price for the asset at the end of the loan term residual income ), the Fund would be required to accrue such residual income over the life of the loan, and to include such accrued undistributed income in its gross income for each taxable year even if it receives no portion of such residual income in that year. Thus, in order to meet the Distribution Requirement and avoid payment of income taxes or an excise tax on undistributed income, the Fund may be required in a particular year to distribute as a dividend an amount in excess of the total amount of income it actually receives. Those distributions will be made from the Fund s cash assets, from amounts received through amortization of loans or from borrowed funds. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Fund had a cash balance of 7.1 million and approximately 239.5 million in scheduled loan receivable payments over the next year. Additionally, the Fund has access to recallable capital of 137.8 million as a liquidity source, and a borrowing base that grows as it funds additional commitments. These amounts are sufficient to meet the current commitment backlog and operational expenses of the Fund over the next year. The Fund regularly evaluates potential future liquidity resources and demands before making additional future commitments. 
 
 On April 24, 2019, the Fund's sole shareholder, the Company, approved a reduced asset coverage ratio of 150 for the Fund as permitted in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. Accordingly, the Fund is permitted to borrow in any amount so long as its asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after giving effect to such borrowings. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Fund's asset coverage ratio was 209 and 187 , respectively. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The Fund s business activities contain various elements of risk, of which Management considers interest rate and credit risk to be the principal types of risks. Because the Fund considers the management of risk essential to conducting its business and to maintaining profitability, the Fund s risk management procedures are designed to identify and analyze the Fund s risks, to set appropriate policies and limits and to continually monitor these risks and limits by means of reliable administrative and information systems and other policies and programs. 
 
 The Fund manages its market risk by maintaining a portfolio that is diverse by industry, size of investment, stage of development, and borrower. The Fund has limited exposure to public market price fluctuations as the Fund primarily invests in private business enterprises and distributes all equity investments upon receipt to the Company. 
 
 The Fund s investments are subject to market risk based on several factors, including, but not limited to, the borrower s credit history, available cash, support of the borrower s underlying investors, available liquidity, burn rate, revenue income, security interest, secondary markets for collateral, the size of the loan, term of the loan and the ability to exit via initial public offering or merger and acquisition. 
 
 The Fund s exposure to interest rate sensitivity is regularly monitored and analyzed by measuring the characteristics of assets and liabilities. The Fund utilizes various methods to assess interest rate risk in terms of the potential effect on interest income net of interest expense, the value of net assets and the value at risk in an effort to ensure that the Fund is insulated from any significant adverse effects from changes in interest rates. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding debt balance was 244.5 million at a floating interest rate based on a Daily Simple SOFR Rate of 4.3 , for which the Fund had derivative instruments in place with a weighted-average ceiling of 1.47 on 227.0 million with an interest rate collar, leaving the Fund with exposure to interest rate changes on the un-hedged portion of the loan. 
 
 Because all of the Fund s loans impose a fixed interest rate upon funding, changes in short-term interest rates will not directly affect interest income associated with the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. However, those changes could have the potential to change the Fund s ability to originate loan commitments, acquire and renew bank facilities, and engage in other investment activities. Further, changes in short-term interest rates could also affect interest rate expense, realized gain from investments and interest on the Fund s short-term investments. 
 
 24 

Based on the Fund s Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022, the following table shows the approximate annualized increase (decrease) in components of net assets resulting from operations of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates, assuming no changes in investments, borrowings, cash balances and derivative instruments. 
 Effect of Interest Rate Change By Increase (Decrease) Other Interest and Other Income Gain (Loss) from Interest Rate Collar (Increase) Decrease Interest Expense Increase (Decrease) in Total Income (0.50) (35,373) (1,135,000) 1,222,500 52,127 1 70,747 2,270,000 (2,445,000) (104,253) 2 141,493 4,540,000 (4,890,000) (208,507) 3 212,240 6,810,000 (7,335,000) (312,760) 4 282,986 9,080,000 (9,780,000) (417,014) 5 353,733 11,350,000 (12,225,000) (521,267) 
 Additionally, a change in the interest rate may affect the fair value of the derivative instruments and affect net change in unrealized gain or loss from derivative instruments. The amount of any such effect will be contingent upon market expectations for future interest rate changes. Any increases in expected future rates will increase the fair value of the derivative instruments while any rate decreases will decrease the fair value. 
 
 Although Management believes that the foregoing analysis is indicative of the Fund s sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not take into consideration potential changes in the credit market, credit quality, size and composition of the assets in the portfolio. It also does not assume any new fundings to borrowers, repayments from borrowers or defaults on borrowings. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would not differ materially from the table above. 
 
 Because the Fund currently borrows, its net investment income is highly dependent upon the difference between the rate at which it borrows and the rate at which it invests the amounts borrowed. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on the Fund s investment activities and net investment income. The Fund s exposure to movement in short-term interest rates stems from the Fund borrowing at a floating interest rate but then making loans with a fixed rate at the time the loans are extended. The Fund, therefore, attempts to limit its interest rate risk by acquiring derivative instruments to hedge its interest rate exposure. 
 
 The Fund is not sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and other market rates or prices. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The Fund s financial statements, together with the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm issued by Deloitte and Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. ), are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 At the end of the period covered by this report, the Fund carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period in ensuring that information required to be disclosed was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Fund in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Fund s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

25 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Pursuant to Rules 13a-15d and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Fund s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision of and with the participation of the Fund s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Fund conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 COSO 2013 updated Internal Control - Integrated Framework. Based on its evaluation under the COSO 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework, the Fund s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 This report of management on internal control over financial reporting shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 There have not been any changes in the Fund s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the Fund s quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Fund s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Effective October 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Fund accepted the resignation of David Wanek to comply with the requirements of Rule 15(f) under the 1940 Act, following the closing of the acquisition by P10 Intermediate Holdings, LLC of all of the issued and outstanding equity interests in the Manager. Mr. Wanek s decision to resign from the Board of Directors of the Fund was not a result of any dispute or disagreement with the Fund on any matter relating to its operations, policies or practices. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 

26 

PART III. 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The list of executive officers and biographical information appears in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. 
 The information required by this item concerning the directors of the Fund, the structure of its Board of Directors and Section 16(a) compliance will be contained in the Fund s Proxy Statement filed in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 17, 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Proposal 1 -- To Elect Four Directors of the Fund and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Fund has adopted a Code of Ethics that is applicable to all of its officers. A free copy of the Code of Ethics may be requested by contacting the Chief Financial Officer of the Fund at 104 La Mesa Drive, Suite 102, Portola Valley, CA 94028. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Fund s Proxy Statement under the caption Proposal 1 -- To Elect Five Directors of the Fund and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Fund s Proxy Statement under the caption Annex A -- Beneficial Ownership of Fund Shares and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Fund s Proxy Statement under the captions: Other Information -- Managers and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information about aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountant, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. 34) will be contained in the Fund's Proxy Statement under the caption: Other Information - Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 27 

PART IV. 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 1. Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Schedules of Derivative Instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 No schedules are required because the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the required information is included in the financial statements and the notes thereto. 
 2. Exhibits 
 Exhibit 
 Exhibit Title 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Fund as filed with the Maryland Secretary of State on September 25, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Fund s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 18, 2017. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Fund, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Fund s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 18, 2017. 
 4.1 Purchase Agreement, dated June 28, 2017, between the Fund and the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Fund s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 18, 2017. 
 4.2 Description of the Registrant s securities registered pursuant to Section 12(G) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Fund s Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2021. 
 10.1 Investment Management Agreement, dated October 13, 2022, by and between the Fund and Westech Investment Advisors LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Fund s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 18, 2022. 
 10.2 Global Custody Agreement dated July 27, 2015, between the Fund and MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as supplemented by Schedule I attached thereto, dated April 26, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Fund s 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2022. 
 10.3 Custody Agreement between the Fund and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association effective December 11, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Fund s Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2020. 
 10.4 Letter, dated August 15, 2021, from U.S. Bank National Association US Bank ), acknowledging assumption of custodial duties and transfer of custody agreements from MUFG Union Bank, N.A. (Exhibit 10.1 to this 10-K) to US Bank by operation of law pursuant to Depository Corporation Sale, Merger, and Conversion Law, CA Fin Code 4800 (2016), effective March 15, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Fund s 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2021. 
 31.1 Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Rules 13a -14(a) and 15d-14(a) Certification) 
 31.2 Chief Financial Officer certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Rules 13a -14(a) and 15d-14(a) Certification). 
 32.1 Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Section 1350 Certification). 
 32.2 Chief Financial Officer certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Section 1350 Certification). 

28 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 29 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 VENTURE LENDING LEASING IX, INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 By: /S/David R. Wanek By: /S/Jared S. Thear David R. Wanek Jared S. Thear President and Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) Date: March 15, 2023 Date: March 15, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 NAME TITLE DATE By: /S/ Maurice C. Werdegar Chairman Director March 15, 2023 Maurice C. Werdegar By: /S/ Robert Hutter Director March 15, 2023 Robert Hutter By: /S/ Roger V. Smith Director March 15, 2023 Roger V. Smith By: /S/ Scott Taylor Director March 15, 2023 Scott Taylor 
 
 30 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholder and the Board of Directors of Venture Lending Leasing IX, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities of Venture Lending Leasing IX, Inc. (the "Fund"), including the schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, the financial highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, and the related notes. In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Fund as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, and the financial highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Fund's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Fund's financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Fund in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Fund is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and financial highlights, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and financial highlights. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of loans owned as of December 31, 2022, by correspondence with the borrowers; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Fair Value Level 3 Investments Refer to Note 2 and Note 3 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Fund has nonmarketable investments in loans of 489.7 million. There is no readily available market price or secondary market for the loans made by the Fund to its borrowers; hence the Fund determines fair value based on a hypothetical market and the estimates are subject to a higher degree of judgment and uncertainty. The Fund s loan investments are considered Level 3 fair value measurements in the fair value hierarchy due to the lack of observability over certain significant inputs used in determining fair value. 
 
 Certain nonmarketable investments in loans held by the Fund have exhibited indicators of credit deterioration subsequent to the initial funding date. The valuation of these loans had an elevated risk profile because the estimates of fair value involve a higher degree of management judgment and uncertainty associated with the expectation of timing and amount of future cash flows under various cash flow scenarios. The valuation of these loans required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists who possess significant valuation expertise, to evaluate the appropriateness of the model and methodology. 
 
 We identified the completeness of loans exhibiting indicators of potential credit deterioration and the valuation of loans exhibiting credit deterioration as a critical audit matter. 

31 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the completeness of loans exhibiting indicators of potential credit deterioration and the unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of the loans with credit deterioration included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested loan payments throughout the year and subsequent to year end to identify inconsistent payments or missed payments which could indicate a potential credit risk. 
 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation techniques used by management to estimate fair value. 
 
 We tested and evaluated the appropriateness of the unobservable inputs by comparing them to external sources, including financial information provided by the borrower, and those used by management in the prior year. 

/s/ 
 
 March 15, 2023 

We have served as the auditor of one or more Venture Lending Leasing investment companies since 2001. 

32 

VENTURE LENDING LEASING IX, INC. 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS: Loans, at estimated fair value (cost of 521,905,950 and 501,909,222) 489,691,665 484,047,644 Derivative assets 10,644,351 962,602 Cash and cash equivalents 7,074,657 6,939,126 Dividend and interest receivables 6,374,578 6,872,798 Other assets 3,411,846 2,110,405 Total assets 517,197,097 500,932,575 LIABILITIES: Borrowings under debt facility 244,500,000 263,000,000 Accrued management fees 1,437,500 1,725,000 Derivative liability 130,697 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 3,047,302 5,883,327 Total liabilities 248,984,802 270,739,024 NET ASSETS: 268,212,295 230,193,551 Analysis of Net Assets: Capital paid in on shares of capital stock 407,125,000 345,625,000 Cumulative return of capital distributions (116,194,481) (97,253,486) Total distributable losses (22,718,224) (18,177,963) Net assets (equivalent to 2,682.12 and 2,301.94 per share based on 100,000 shares of capital stock outstanding - See Note 5 and Note 11) 268,212,295 230,193,551 Commitments Contingent Liabilities: Unexpired unfunded commitments (See Note 10) 68,075,000 97,948,732 

See notes to financial statements. 
 33 

VENTURE LENDING LEASING IX, INC. 
 Statements of Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 For the Year Ended For the Year Ended For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 INVESTMENT INCOME: Interest on loans 82,096,477 85,555,014 45,711,386 Other interest and other income 1,876,106 410,493 514,174 Total investment income 83,972,583 85,965,507 46,225,560 EXPENSES: Management fees 6,325,000 7,072,500 7,302,500 Interest expense 12,449,209 6,333,348 4,233,746 Banking and professional fees 605,195 1,395,114 600,593 Other operating expenses 189,809 214,396 175,284 Total expenses 19,569,213 15,015,358 12,312,123 Net investment income 64,403,370 70,950,149 33,913,437 Net realized loss from loans (3,387,060) (119,127) (27,819) Net realized gain (loss) from derivative instruments 1,891,885 (1,348,685) (960,747) Net change in unrealized loss from loans (14,352,707) (5,372,700) (11,584,945) Net change in unrealized gain (loss) from derivative instruments 9,812,446 2,086,119 (428,640) Net realized and change in unrealized loss from loans and derivative instruments (6,035,436) (4,754,393) (13,002,151) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 58,367,934 66,195,756 20,911,286 Amounts per common share: Net increase in net assets resulting from operations per share 583.68 661.96 209.11 Weighted average shares outstanding 100,000 100,000 100,000 

See notes to financial statements. 
 34 

VENTURE LENDING LEASING IX, INC. 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Common Stock Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Return of Capital Distributions Total Distributable Losses Net Assets Balance at December 31, 2019 100,000 100 148,124,900 (31,414,828) (2,877,799) 113,832,373 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 20,911,286 20,911,286 Distributions of income to shareholder (32,924,870) (32,924,870) Return of capital to shareholder (13,491,954) (13,491,954) Contributions from shareholder 95,000,000 95,000,000 Balance at December 31, 2020 100,000 100 243,124,900 (44,906,782) (14,891,383) 183,326,835 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 66,195,756 66,195,756 Distributions of income to shareholder (69,482,336) (69,482,336) Return of capital to shareholder (52,346,704) (52,346,704) Contributions from shareholder 102,500,000 102,500,000 Balance at December 31, 2021 100,000 100 345,624,900 (97,253,486) (18,177,963) 230,193,551 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 58,367,934 58,367,934 Distributions of income to shareholder (62,908,195) (62,908,195) Return of capital to shareholder (18,940,995) (18,940,995) Contributions from shareholder 61,500,000 61,500,000 Balance at December 31, 2022 100,000 100 407,124,900 (116,194,481) (22,718,224) 268,212,295 

See notes to financial statements. 
 35 

VENTURE LENDING LEASING IX, INC. 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 For the Year Ended For the Year Ended For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 58,367,934 66,195,756 20,911,286 Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Net realized loss from loans 3,387,060 119,127 27,819 Net realized (gain) loss from derivative instruments (1,891,885) 1,348,685 960,747 Net change in unrealized loss from loans 14,352,707 5,372,700 11,584,945 Net change in unrealized (gain) loss from derivative instruments (9,812,446) (2,086,119) 428,640 Amortization of deferred costs related to borrowing facility 998,440 794,264 428,638 Origination of loans (236,094,146) (358,801,269) (215,650,000) Principal payments on loans, net of accretion 206,727,836 179,332,130 95,832,764 Proceeds from sale of loans 1,800,000 Acquisition of equity securities (15,166,668) (35,577,222) (14,623,255) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Net (increase) decrease in dividend and interest receivables 498,220 (3,016,200) (1,154,885) Net (increase) decrease in other assets (1,923,110) 98,387 (174,729) Net increase (decrease) in accounts payable, other accrued liabilities and accrued management fees and due to manager (3,123,525) 4,627,579 (68,739) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 18,120,417 (141,592,182) (101,496,769) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Cash distributions to shareholder (62,500,000) (85,800,000) (30,800,000) Contributions from shareholder 61,500,000 102,500,000 95,000,000 Borrowings under debt facility 109,500,000 251,200,000 137,500,000 Repayments of borrowings under debt facility (128,000,000) (128,200,000) (97,500,000) Payments made for derivative instruments (202,417) (1,348,685) (960,747) Payments received from derivative instruments 2,094,302 Payments of bank facility fees and costs (376,771) (2,317,250) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (17,984,886) 136,034,065 103,239,253 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 135,531 (5,558,117) 1,742,484 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: Beginning of year 6,939,126 12,497,243 10,754,759 End of year 7,074,657 6,939,126 12,497,243 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: CASH PAID DURING THE YEAR: Interest - Debt facility 10,557,659 4,992,998 3,648,316 NON-CASH OPERATING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Distributions of equity securities to shareholder 19,349,190 36,029,040 15,616,824 Receipt of equity securities as repayment of loans 4,182,522 451,817 993,568 

See notes to financial statements. 
 36 

VENTURE LENDING LEASING IX, INC. 
 Schedule of Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Biotechnology Calysta, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 6,356,409 6,061,521 6,061,521 6/1/2025 Driver Bioengineering, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 55,584 54,428 54,428 4/1/2023 Driver Bioengineering, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 192,798 191,887 191,887 6/1/2023 Driver Bioengineering, Inc. Subtotal 248,382 246,315 246,315 Genomic Prediction, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 843,236 804,598 804,598 1/1/2025 GLO Pharma, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 1,625,228 1,582,163 1,582,163 12/1/2024 GLO Pharma, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 2,436,610 2,397,362 2,397,362 12/1/2024 GLO Pharma, Inc. Subtotal 4,061,838 3,979,525 3,979,525 Quartzy, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 202,740 196,508 196,508 8/1/2023 Quartzy, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 618,402 612,373 612,373 5/1/2024 Quartzy, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 684,617 677,177 677,177 7/1/2024 Quartzy, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,237,478 895,384 895,384 2/1/2026 Quartzy, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,237,779 1,166,087 1,166,087 5/1/2026 Quartzy, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,238,126 1,175,663 1,175,663 8/1/2026 Quartzy, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,238,420 1,171,479 1,171,479 10/1/2026 Quartzy, Inc. Subtotal 6,457,562 5,894,671 5,894,671 Ukko Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 3,500,000 3,255,446 3,255,446 5/1/2026 Biotechnology Total 7.6 21,467,427 20,242,076 20,242,076 Computers Storage Canary Connect, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 4,250,186 4,154,761 4,154,761 3/1/2024 Canary Connect, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 14,831,521 14,240,717 14,240,717 3/1/2026 Canary Connect, Inc. Senior Secured 12.8 283,712 282,621 282,621 3/1/2023 Canary Connect, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,062,957 1,051,985 1,051,985 3/1/2024 Canary Connect, Inc. Subtotal 20,428,376 19,730,084 19,730,084 Proto, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 1,375,000 1,273,897 1,273,897 10/1/2025 Proto, Inc. Senior Secured 12.8 1,375,000 1,374,999 1,374,999 10/1/2025 Proto, Inc. Subtotal 2,750,000 2,648,896 2,648,896 Computers Storage Total 8.3 23,178,376 22,378,980 22,378,980 Enterprise Networking Diamanti, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 5,932,984 4,584,616 3,549,308 Enterprise Networking Total 1.3 5,932,984 4,584,616 3,549,308 Internet 10club Pte Ltd. Senior Secured 12.0 1,343,394 1,015,257 1,015,257 8/1/2025 10club Pte Ltd. Senior Secured 12.0 4,346,160 4,253,288 4,253,288 11/1/2025 10club Pte Ltd. Subtotal 5,689,554 5,268,545 5,268,545 Ainsly, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 300,000 196,815 196,815 7/1/2025 Ainsly, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 82,401 79,368 79,368 9/1/2023 Ainsly, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 200,000 199,989 199,989 7/1/2025 Ainsly, Inc. Subtotal 582,401 476,172 476,172 D2C Store, Inc. Senior Secured 10.0 2,500,000 2,227,117 2,227,117 Good Counsel, LLC Senior Secured 12.3 2,967,909 2,846,304 2,846,304 10/1/2025 iZENEtech, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 3,135,994 3,045,707 3,045,707 9/1/2024 Kings Mountain I LLC Senior Secured 11.5 150,000 148,754 127,141 
 37 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Mantra Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 314,382 299,761 299,761 6/1/2024 Merchbar, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 56,203 55,817 55,817 3/1/2023 Miami Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 13.3 7,500,000 6,976,522 6,976,522 5/1/2026 OneLocal, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,724 494,724 494,724 6/1/2025 OneLocal, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 465,894 458,470 458,470 3/1/2023 OneLocal, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,512 472,195 472,195 6/1/2025 OneLocal, Inc. Subtotal 1,455,130 1,425,389 1,425,389 Osix Corporation Senior Secured 12.0 3,459,398 3,348,354 3,348,354 8/1/2024 Pixalate, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 5,587,212 5,267,012 5,267,012 4/1/2025 Quantcast Corp. Senior Secured 12.0 12,500,000 11,234,828 11,234,828 7/1/2026 RenoFi, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,484,485 1,458,080 1,458,080 9/1/2025 RenoFi, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 55,533 54,685 54,685 6/1/2023 RenoFi, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 431,434 425,024 425,024 12/1/2023 RenoFi, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 55,563 55,291 55,291 6/1/2023 RenoFi, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,484,187 1,345,616 1,345,616 7/1/2025 RenoFi, Inc. Subtotal 3,511,202 3,338,696 3,338,696 Residently USA, LLC Senior Secured 12.0 431,102 400,185 320,718 9/1/2024 RetailerX, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,979,965 1,873,685 1,873,685 11/1/2025 RetailerX, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 990,089 971,291 971,291 1/1/2026 RetailerX, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,745,995 1,697,891 1,697,891 2/1/2025 RetailerX, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 596,200 582,061 582,061 5/1/2024 RetailerX, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 990,481 968,946 968,946 4/1/2026 RetailerX, Inc. Subtotal 6,302,730 6,093,874 6,093,874 Serface Care, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 597,411 349,785 14,176 Starface World, Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 752,395 743,774 743,774 10/1/2024 Starface World, Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 1,879,804 1,826,099 1,826,099 10/1/2024 Starface World, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 397,328 389,068 389,068 11/1/2023 Starface World, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 232,528 230,457 230,457 1/1/2024 Starface World, Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 752,562 743,229 743,229 10/1/2024 Starface World, Inc. Subtotal 4,014,617 3,932,627 3,932,627 Stay Alfred, Inc. Senior Secured 18.0 4,921,822 3,408,326 193,603 Usual Beverage Co. Senior Secured 12.0 1,666,208 1,610,419 533,065 5/1/2025 Verishop, Inc. Senior Secured 12.6 1,931,034 1,910,712 1,910,712 12/1/2024 Internet Total 22.0 69,274,309 63,664,906 58,936,140 Medical Devices 3D Bio Holdings, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,060,911 1,021,648 1,021,648 3/1/2024 Ablacon, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 279,146 278,538 278,538 3/1/2023 Ablacon, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 279,043 277,395 277,395 3/1/2023 Ablacon, Inc. Subtotal 558,189 555,933 555,933 Anutra Medical, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 429,296 415,980 415,980 7/1/2024 CytoVale, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,476,222 2,426,487 2,426,487 11/1/2024 Medrobotics Corporation, Inc. Senior Secured 18.0 10,000,000 8,895,103 Norbert Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 629,233 594,039 594,039 6/1/2024 Serpex Medical Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 750,000 721,020 721,020 11/1/2025 Siren Care, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 728,293 717,693 717,693 10/1/2023 Siren Care, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 364,237 362,009 362,009 10/1/2023 Siren Care, Inc. Subtotal 1,092,530 1,079,702 1,079,702 Medical Devices Total 2.5 16,996,381 15,709,912 6,814,809 Other Healthcare Alchera Incorporated Senior Secured 12.0 1,397,573 1,362,332 1,362,332 4/1/2025 Alchera Incorporated Senior Secured 12.0 990,359 923,380 923,380 7/1/2024 Alchera Incorporated Subtotal 2,387,932 2,285,712 2,285,712 Elysium Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 5,616,843 5,251,563 5,251,563 2/1/2025 
 38 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date GoForward, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,959,766 1,938,067 1,938,067 6/1/2024 GoForward, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,042,690 1,999,322 1,999,322 9/1/2023 GoForward, Inc. Subtotal 4,002,456 3,937,389 3,937,389 Grayce, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 722,542 696,273 696,273 9/1/2024 Grayce, Inc. Senior Secured 14.0 750,000 690,595 690,595 2/1/2026 Grayce, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 407,104 401,285 401,285 12/1/2024 Grayce, Inc. Subtotal 1,879,646 1,788,153 1,788,153 Hello Heart Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,252,118 1,207,571 1,207,571 6/1/2024 Hello Heart Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 185,184 183,753 183,753 4/1/2023 Hello Heart Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 296,095 294,518 294,518 11/1/2023 Hello Heart Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 148,189 147,825 147,825 4/1/2023 Hello Heart Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,977,263 1,957,180 1,957,180 6/1/2025 Hello Heart Inc. Subtotal 3,858,849 3,790,847 3,790,847 Honeybee Health, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 2,051,029 1,911,036 1,911,036 9/1/2025 HumanAPI, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,382,323 1,337,820 1,337,820 8/1/2024 HumanAPI, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 352,506 349,409 349,409 7/1/2023 HumanAPI, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 873,565 858,329 858,329 2/1/2025 HumanAPI, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 2,500,000 2,342,812 2,342,812 8/1/2025 HumanAPI, Inc. Subtotal 5,108,394 4,888,370 4,888,370 Julie Products Inc. Senior Secured 13.0 1,000,000 919,339 919,339 9/1/2025 KBS, Inc. Senior Secured 14.0 250,000 218,018 218,018 6/1/2026 Minded, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 1,500,000 1,428,639 1,428,639 12/1/2025 Minded, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,627,909 1,570,511 1,570,511 12/1/2024 Minded, Inc. Subtotal 3,127,909 2,999,150 2,999,150 Open Inc. Senior Secured 13.5 500,000 462,685 462,685 3/1/2026 Oula Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 373,847 363,475 363,475 2/1/2024 Oula Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 231,128 228,587 228,587 7/1/2024 Oula Health, Inc. Subtotal 604,975 592,062 592,062 PrecisionOS Technology Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,000,000 942,838 942,838 7/1/2025 Therapydia, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,595 484,962 484,962 4/1/2026 Therapydia, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 399,320 365,747 365,747 4/1/2025 Therapydia, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1.7 14,158 14,030 14,030 3/1/2023 Therapydia, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 471,346 462,125 462,125 10/1/2025 Therapydia, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 1.7 25,788 25,788 25,788 6/1/2023 Therapydia, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,407 486,012 486,012 1/1/2026 Therapydia, Inc. Subtotal 1,899,614 1,838,664 1,838,664 Tia, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,805,010 1,786,559 1,786,559 9/1/2024 Tia, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,191,146 1,126,396 1,126,396 5/1/2024 Tia, Inc. Subtotal 2,996,156 2,912,955 2,912,955 Vessel Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 748,525 660,408 660,408 12/1/2024 Yes Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,773,262 1,705,392 251,280 Yuva Biosciences, Inc. Senior Secured 13.3 250,000 213,070 213,070 5/1/2026 Other Healthcare Total 13.4 39,055,590 37,317,651 35,863,539 Other Technology 8i Corporation Senior Secured 12.0 647,228 632,901 632,901 12/1/2023 Aclima, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 726,279 697,474 697,474 10/1/2023 Airspeed, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 625,000 573,721 573,721 1/1/2026 Antitoxin Technologies Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 954,388 739,934 696,648 ATeam Army, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 186,965 185,327 185,327 4/1/2023 Azumo, Inc. Senior Secured 12.8 1,500,000 1,351,813 1,351,813 1/1/2026 Bankroll Club, LLC Senior Secured 12.0 1,397,393 1,267,617 1,267,617 4/1/2025 Bankroll Club, LLC Senior Secured 12.0 1,397,850 1,397,850 1,397,850 4/1/2025 Bankroll Club, LLC Senior Secured 13.3 1,000,000 849,655 849,655 1/1/2026 
 39 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Bankroll Club, LLC Subtotal 3,795,243 3,515,122 3,515,122 Beautiful Beanfields, Inc. Senior Secured 6.0 275,000 263,574 263,574 BloomTech Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 1,281,243 1,264,684 1,264,684 7/1/2023 BloomTech Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 728,813 728,813 728,813 8/1/2023 BloomTech Inc. Subtotal 2,010,056 1,993,497 1,993,497 Brave Care Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,625,970 1,558,480 1,558,480 9/1/2024 Brightside Benefit, Inc. Senior Secured 12.4 97,039 96,855 96,855 3/1/2023 Bryte, Inc. Senior Secured 10.0 2,330,512 2,225,943 2,225,943 4/1/2025 BW Industries, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 408,466 406,837 406,837 6/1/2023 BW Industries, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 342,089 336,699 336,699 5/1/2023 BW Industries, Inc. Subtotal 750,555 743,536 743,536 Candy Club Holdings, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,400,760 2,400,760 2,400,760 5/1/2025 Candy Club Holdings, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 3,765,977 3,272,705 2,123,781 10/1/2024 Candy Club Holdings, Inc. Subtotal 6,166,737 5,673,465 4,524,541 Ceres Imaging, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,732,319 1,683,957 1,683,957 4/1/2026 Ceres Imaging, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,863,377 1,757,413 1,757,413 4/1/2025 Ceres Imaging, Inc. Subtotal 3,595,696 3,441,370 3,441,370 Content Adjacent, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 314,393 314,393 314,393 6/1/2024 Content Adjacent, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,256,277 1,233,403 1,233,403 6/1/2024 Content Adjacent, Inc. Subtotal 1,570,670 1,547,796 1,547,796 Copia Global Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 3,750,000 3,562,948 3,562,948 1/1/2026 Copia Global Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 3,750,000 3,668,490 3,668,490 7/1/2026 Copia Global Inc. Subtotal 7,500,000 7,231,438 7,231,438 CornerUp, Inc. Senior Secured 15.0 250,000 242,058 242,058 4/1/2026 CornerUp, Inc. Senior Secured 15.0 250,000 195,438 195,438 3/1/2026 CornerUp, Inc. Subtotal 500,000 437,496 437,496 Creoate Limited Senior Secured 14.0 250,000 243,708 243,708 3/1/2026 Creoate Limited Senior Secured 11.8 750,000 700,244 700,244 12/1/2025 Creoate Limited Subtotal 1,000,000 943,952 943,952 Daybase, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 2,003,671 1,872,449 860,527 EasyKnock, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,500,000 2,401,465 2,401,465 5/1/2026 EasyKnock, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,500,000 2,208,354 2,208,354 10/1/2025 EasyKnock, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,500,000 2,419,705 2,419,705 12/1/2025 EasyKnock, Inc. Subtotal 7,500,000 7,029,524 7,029,524 Eguana Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,330,427 2,138,280 2,138,280 4/1/2025 Eguana Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,474,224 2,398,209 2,398,209 8/1/2025 Eguana Technologies, Inc. Subtotal 4,804,651 4,536,489 4,536,489 Fakespot, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 345,688 324,881 146,499 8/1/2024 Fakespot, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 691,732 684,215 308,534 8/1/2024 Fakespot, Inc. Subtotal 1,037,420 1,009,096 455,033 Fanimal, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 375,000 364,471 364,471 7/1/2026 Fanimal, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 250,000 212,293 212,293 2/1/2026 Fanimal, Inc. Subtotal 625,000 576,764 576,764 Fitplan, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 505,434 455,724 455,724 11/1/2023 Flo Water, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 737,971 724,862 724,862 12/1/2023 Hadrian Automation, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,401,342 2,326,013 2,326,013 2/1/2025 Heading Health Inc. Senior Secured 13.5 750,000 646,431 394,851 2/1/2026 Heading Health Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 407,644 374,703 228,875 12/1/2024 Heading Health Inc. Subtotal 1,157,644 1,021,134 623,726 
 40 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 86,147 85,879 85,879 5/1/2023 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 5,936,721 5,758,016 5,758,016 6/1/2025 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 207,813 207,283 207,283 4/1/2023 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 135,718 135,102 135,102 8/1/2023 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 3,748,206 3,644,473 3,644,473 2/1/2025 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 87,938 87,636 87,636 1/1/2023 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Subtotal 10,202,543 9,918,389 9,918,389 Hint, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 7,416,998 6,314,514 6,314,514 5/1/2025 Hint, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,216,016 1,187,962 1,187,962 6/1/2023 Hint, Inc. Subtotal 8,633,014 7,502,476 7,502,476 Holo, Inc. Senior Secured 13.5 1,000,000 890,813 890,813 12/1/2025 Hyphen Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 3,000,000 2,832,916 2,832,916 3/1/2026 Hyphen Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,651,089 1,590,761 1,590,761 7/1/2024 Hyphen Technologies, Inc. Subtotal 4,651,089 4,423,677 4,423,677 Intergalactic Foods Corporation Senior Secured 12.0 421,944 405,826 405,826 1/1/2025 Intuition Robotics, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,500,000 2,386,311 2,386,311 11/1/2025 Invert Robotics Group, Ltd. Senior Secured 13.0 1,689,662 1,578,314 1,578,314 1/1/2025 Jiko Group, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 777,818 769,951 769,951 6/1/2023 Joy Memories, Inc Senior Secured 12.0 1,500,000 1,351,073 1,351,073 12/1/2025 Kinoo, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 843,595 807,624 807,624 1/1/2025 Lacuna Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,473,956 2,422,050 2,422,050 1/1/2026 Lacuna Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,440,513 1,358,490 1,358,490 5/1/2025 Lacuna Technologies, Inc. Subtotal 3,914,469 3,780,540 3,780,540 LendTable Inc. Senior Secured 13.5 2,000,000 1,863,125 1,863,125 3/1/2026 Level Home, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 8,732,857 8,645,023 8,645,023 2/1/2025 Level Home, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 9,599,111 9,226,924 9,226,924 5/1/2025 Level Home, Inc. Subtotal 18,331,968 17,871,947 17,871,947 Literati, Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 2,475,323 2,430,878 2,430,878 9/1/2025 Literati, Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 4,949,071 4,677,972 4,677,972 9/1/2025 Literati, Inc. Subtotal 7,424,394 7,108,850 7,108,850 Logistech Solutions Pte. Ltd. Senior Secured 11.5 500,000 397,719 397,719 12/1/2025 MASC Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 361,462 329,755 329,755 9/1/2024 Mavenform, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,484,926 1,434,700 1,434,700 7/1/2025 Mavenform, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 494,366 488,175 488,175 6/1/2025 Mavenform, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 495,110 486,960 486,960 10/1/2025 Mavenform, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 627,169 610,526 610,526 6/1/2024 Mavenform, Inc. Subtotal 3,101,571 3,020,361 3,020,361 Merlin Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 2,540,327 2,448,186 2,448,186 6/1/2025 Merlin Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 9,392 9,381 9,381 1/1/2023 Merlin Labs, Inc. Subtotal 2,549,719 2,457,567 2,457,567 MinoMonsters, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,881,787 1,840,806 1,840,806 10/1/2024 Momentus, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 15,132,503 14,878,285 14,878,285 2/1/2024 Natomas Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 6,271,270 5,946,356 5,946,356 3/1/2025 NewGlobe Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 3,193,223 3,153,211 3,153,211 12/1/2023 Noteleaf, Inc. Senior Secured 18.0 2,277,124 1,861,011 Nue Life Health, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,500,000 1,377,534 1,377,534 9/1/2025 Ocho Holdings Co. Senior Secured 11.3 406,735 388,544 388,544 12/1/2024 
 41 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Ocho Holdings Co. Senior Secured 11.3 406,912 400,736 400,736 12/1/2024 Ocho Holdings Co. Subtotal 813,647 789,280 789,280 OnePointOne, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 997,248 986,678 986,678 2/1/2024 OnePointOne, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 996,718 965,040 965,040 2/1/2024 OnePointOne, Inc. Subtotal 1,993,966 1,951,718 1,951,718 Opya, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 243,427 239,713 239,713 11/1/2023 Percepto, Inc. Senior Secured 12.2 80,187 79,373 79,373 4/1/2023 Phase Four, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,220,518 1,171,490 1,171,490 12/1/2024 Phase Four, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 989,775 969,943 969,943 8/1/2025 Phase Four, Inc. Subtotal 2,210,293 2,141,433 2,141,433 Plant Prefab, Inc. Senior Secured 12.4 1,500,000 1,378,411 1,378,411 12/1/2025 Plant Prefab, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 2,069,449 1,988,919 1,988,919 8/1/2024 Plant Prefab, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,565,882 1,542,993 1,542,993 11/1/2024 Plant Prefab, Inc. Subtotal 5,135,331 4,910,323 4,910,323 PlantBaby, inc. Senior Secured 12.0 125,000 121,177 121,177 10/1/2025 PlantBaby, inc. Senior Secured 12.0 242,794 222,830 222,830 5/1/2025 PlantBaby, inc. Senior Secured 13.8 125,000 104,878 104,878 1/1/2026 PlantBaby, inc. Senior Secured 12.0 125,000 121,698 121,698 7/1/2025 PlantBaby, inc. Subtotal 617,794 570,583 570,583 Platform Science, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,447,334 1,425,026 1,425,026 10/1/2023 Platform Science, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 5,000,000 4,559,118 4,559,118 2/1/2026 Platform Science, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 5,000,000 4,891,547 4,891,547 3/1/2026 Platform Science, Inc. Subtotal 11,447,334 10,875,691 10,875,691 Privoro Holdings, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,040,167 1,010,867 1,010,867 4/1/2024 Reali Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 11,581,268 8,839,665 361,239 Rise Gardens, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,000,000 953,319 953,319 11/1/2025 Romaine Empire, Inc. Senior Secured 13.5 2,955,000 2,880,629 2,880,629 12/1/2026 Romaine Empire, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 1,744,683 1,720,818 1,720,818 9/1/2023 Romaine Empire, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,969,338 2,685,839 2,685,839 12/1/2026 Romaine Empire, Inc. Subtotal 7,669,021 7,287,286 7,287,286 Saltbox, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 95,429 94,606 94,606 6/1/2023 Setex Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 865,086 808,766 808,766 8/1/2024 SISU Aesthetics Clinic, Inc. Senior Secured 13.5 1,000,000 943,143 943,143 4/1/2026 SMS OPCO LLC Senior Secured 8.0 29,942 11,192 11,192 Supplant, Inc. Senior Secured 13.0 2,000,000 1,869,114 1,869,114 7/1/2026 Sustainable Living Partners, LLC Senior Secured 12.5 1,262,870 1,222,074 1,222,074 8/1/2023 Sustainable Living Partners, LLC Senior Secured 12.5 2,472,784 2,472,784 2,472,784 7/1/2026 Sustainable Living Partners, LLC Senior Secured 12.5 9,191,405 8,382,963 8,382,963 9/1/2025 Sustainable Living Partners, LLC Subtotal 12,927,059 12,077,821 12,077,821 The Farm Project, PBC. Senior Secured 12.0 3,679,645 3,546,677 3,546,677 1/1/2025 The Safe and Fair Food Company LLC Senior Secured 12.3 1,667,276 1,544,749 1,544,749 9/1/2024 TheSquareFoot, Inc. Senior Secured 12.8 250,000 138,378 39,862 12/1/2025 TheSquareFoot, Inc. Senior Secured 14.3 300,000 244,797 70,517 2/1/2026 TheSquareFoot, Inc. Subtotal 550,000 383,175 110,379 Titan Health Security Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,500,000 1,430,281 1,430,281 8/1/2025 TLNT Inc. Senior Secured 14.8 125,000 121,302 121,302 4/1/2026 TLNT Inc. Senior Secured 14.3 375,000 324,556 324,556 4/1/2026 TLNT Inc. Subtotal 500,000 445,858 445,858 TomoCredit, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 197,707 192,406 192,406 9/1/2023 TomoCredit, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 131,867 131,867 131,867 9/1/2023 
 42 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date TomoCredit, Inc. Subtotal 329,574 324,273 324,273 Umbra Lab, Inc. Senior Secured 13.5 5,000,000 4,769,605 4,769,605 4/1/2026 Umbra Lab, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 3,143,048 3,076,889 3,076,889 6/1/2024 Umbra Lab, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 3,141,904 3,083,612 3,083,612 6/1/2024 Umbra Lab, Inc. Subtotal 11,284,952 10,930,106 10,930,106 Veev Group, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 278,723 272,406 272,406 6/1/2023 Veev Group, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 16,287,975 15,866,472 15,866,472 12/1/2024 Veev Group, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 836,345 833,200 833,200 6/1/2023 Veev Group, Inc. Subtotal 17,403,043 16,972,078 16,972,078 Velo Holdings Limited Senior Secured 12.0 2,471,720 1,659,035 1,265,212 Virtuix Holdings, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 500,000 483,684 483,684 9/1/2025 Wellth, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 699,306 681,593 681,593 4/1/2025 Wellth, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,165,344 1,086,700 1,086,700 4/1/2025 Wellth, Inc. Subtotal 1,864,650 1,768,293 1,768,293 Wheels Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,000,000 920,675 920,675 World Wrapps II, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 314,154 271,958 271,958 6/1/2024 World Wrapps II, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 314,176 314,176 314,176 6/1/2024 World Wrapps II, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 314,543 314,543 314,543 6/1/2024 World Wrapps II, Inc. Subtotal 942,873 900,677 900,677 Zeno Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 10.0 250,000 226,764 226,764 7/1/2025 Zeno Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 10.0 250,000 249,997 249,997 7/1/2025 Zeno Technologies, Inc. Subtotal 500,000 476,761 476,761 Zimeno Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 6,250,000 5,836,685 5,836,685 1/1/2026 Other Technology Total 88.8 268,483,310 252,404,170 238,242,511 Security Axiado Corporation Senior Secured 10.5 2,000,000 1,992,417 1,992,417 10/1/2025 Axiado Corporation Senior Secured 10.5 2,000,000 1,829,889 1,829,889 10/1/2025 Axiado Corporation Subtotal 4,000,000 3,822,306 3,822,306 Lassen Peak, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 258,755 248,385 248,385 8/1/2024 Popily, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 1,998,517 1,559,439 1,107,863 Security Total 1.9 6,257,272 5,630,130 5,178,554 Software Afero, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 1,164,271 1,106,366 1,106,366 1/1/2024 Amino, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,978,917 1,954,128 1,954,128 6/1/2026 Amino, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,276,622 2,221,871 2,221,871 11/1/2025 Amino, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,978,855 1,958,430 1,958,430 7/1/2025 Amino, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 7,858,513 7,618,373 7,618,373 2/1/2025 Amino, Inc. Subtotal 14,092,907 13,752,802 13,752,802 BackboneAI Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 111,368 110,777 77,775 6/1/2023 BackboneAI Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 298,612 295,145 207,218 5/1/2024 BackboneAI Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 111,314 108,000 75,825 6/1/2023 BackboneAI Inc. Subtotal 521,294 513,922 360,818 Big Run Studios, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,381,360 1,333,489 1,333,489 8/1/2024 Big Run Studios, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 813,707 802,879 802,879 12/1/2024 Big Run Studios, Inc. Subtotal 2,195,067 2,136,368 2,136,368 Bizly, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 346,095 317,649 317,649 6/1/2025 Bizly, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 296,778 293,099 293,099 6/1/2025 Bizly, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 989,703 969,116 969,116 6/1/2025 Bizly, Inc. Subtotal 1,632,576 1,579,864 1,579,864 BlueCart, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 1,500,000 1,385,567 1,385,567 2/1/2026 Canopy Technology Corp. Senior Secured 13.5 1,500,000 1,389,140 1,389,140 11/1/2025 
 43 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Chowbus, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 4,113,695 3,620,527 3,620,527 3/1/2025 Clarified Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 728,381 672,611 672,611 5/1/2025 Common Sun, Inc Senior Secured 11.0 1,500,000 1,401,177 1,401,177 7/1/2026 Common Sun, Inc Senior Secured 11.0 500,000 498,014 498,014 1/1/2027 Common Sun, Inc Subtotal 2,000,000 1,899,191 1,899,191 Eskalera, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 111,075 110,615 110,615 3/1/2023 Eskalera, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,484,374 1,390,192 1,390,192 2/1/2026 Eskalera, Inc. Subtotal 1,595,449 1,500,807 1,500,807 Form Remodel, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 500,000 489,268 489,268 6/1/2026 Form Remodel, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 500,000 490,717 490,717 2/1/2026 Form Remodel, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 500,000 446,957 446,957 12/1/2025 Form Remodel, Inc. Subtotal 1,500,000 1,426,942 1,426,942 FutureProof Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 13.5 1,000,000 909,297 909,297 6/1/2026 Grokker, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 772,968 750,197 750,197 3/1/2025 Grokker, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 500,000 481,822 481,822 4/1/2026 Grokker, Inc. Subtotal 1,272,968 1,232,019 1,232,019 HaystacksAI, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 500,000 499,542 499,542 1/1/2026 HaystacksAI, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 500,000 458,276 458,276 1/1/2026 HaystacksAI, Inc. Subtotal 1,000,000 957,818 957,818 Hoken Holdings Inc. Senior Secured 13.0 625,000 541,825 541,825 5/1/2026 ICX Media, Inc. Senior Secured 18.0 712,318 554,085 538,868 Journey Builders, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 500,000 499,992 499,992 1/1/2026 Journey Builders, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 500,000 460,087 460,087 1/1/2026 Journey Builders, Inc. Subtotal 1,000,000 960,079 960,079 Ketch Kloud, Inc. Senior Secured 13.0 7,000,000 6,613,376 6,613,376 10/1/2026 Medable, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 75,514 75,399 75,399 2/1/2023 Medable, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 151,008 150,084 150,084 2/1/2023 Medable, Inc. Subtotal 226,522 225,483 225,483 Ocurate, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 500,000 490,615 490,615 10/1/2025 Ocurate, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 500,000 472,319 472,319 10/1/2025 Ocurate, Inc. Subtotal 1,000,000 962,934 962,934 Overalls, Inc. Senior Secured 13.5 500,000 450,282 450,282 4/1/2026 Parkoursc, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 405,476 398,511 398,511 8/1/2023 Parkoursc, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 499,608 495,497 495,497 9/1/2024 Parkoursc, Inc. Subtotal 905,084 894,008 894,008 Ratio Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 200,000 153,702 153,702 1/1/2027 Ratio Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,322,000 1,295,466 1,295,466 1/1/2027 Ratio Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 478,000 468,276 468,276 1/1/2027 Ratio Technologies, Inc. Subtotal 2,000,000 1,917,444 1,917,444 Safe Securities Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 5,515,552 5,320,842 5,320,842 9/1/2025 Safe Securities Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 989,678 972,066 972,066 4/1/2026 Safe Securities Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 37,760 37,500 37,500 2/1/2023 Safe Securities Inc. Subtotal 6,542,990 6,330,408 6,330,408 SF Insuretech, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 2,073,872 2,009,454 2,009,454 8/1/2024 Sonatus, Inc Senior Secured 12.5 329,568 316,500 316,500 9/1/2023 StayTuned Digital, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,732,432 1,720,017 1,720,017 2/1/2026 StayTuned Digital, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 266,300 264,747 264,747 10/1/2025 StayTuned Digital, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 865,654 864,555 864,555 8/1/2025 StayTuned Digital, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 241,605 215,760 215,760 1/1/2025 StayTuned Digital, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,310,443 1,304,538 1,304,538 2/1/2025 StayTuned Digital, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 98,904 98,395 98,395 6/1/2025 StayTuned Digital, Inc. Subtotal 4,515,338 4,468,012 4,468,012 Swiftly Systems, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,805,537 1,750,676 1,750,676 1/1/2025 Swiftly Systems, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 3,221,507 2,920,300 2,920,300 10/1/2024 
 44 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Swiftly Systems, Inc. Subtotal 5,027,044 4,670,976 4,670,976 Terragon, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 298,319 251,147 251,147 5/1/2024 Traction Apps, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 750,000 714,536 714,536 12/1/2025 Truthset, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 336,131 321,851 273,159 1/1/2024 UCM Digital Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 865,885 846,312 846,312 10/1/2025 UCM Digital Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 840,485 785,510 785,510 5/1/2025 UCM Digital Health, Inc. Subtotal 1,706,370 1,631,822 1,631,822 Vesta Housing, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,375,000 1,334,142 1,334,142 6/1/2026 Vesta Housing, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,375,000 1,262,090 1,262,090 6/1/2026 Vesta Housing, Inc. Subtotal 2,750,000 2,596,232 2,596,232 WorkRails, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 455,117 424,340 60,837 Workspot, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,192,381 1,169,628 1,169,628 11/1/2023 Workspot, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 531,573 517,946 517,946 3/1/2024 Workspot, Inc. Subtotal 1,723,954 1,687,574 1,687,574 Software Total 26.9 76,294,235 72,625,609 72,045,093 Technology Services iLearningEngines Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 5,020,622 4,746,723 4,746,723 6/1/2024 iLearningEngines Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,882,439 872,280 872,280 10/1/2024 iLearningEngines Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,475,333 2,401,673 2,401,673 8/1/2025 iLearningEngines Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,686,955 1,631,596 1,631,596 1/1/2025 iLearningEngines Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,330,963 2,203,387 2,203,387 4/1/2025 iLearningEngines Inc. Subtotal 13,396,312 11,855,659 11,855,659 Klar Holdings Limited Senior Secured 12.0 3.0 1,772,503 1,750,934 1,750,934 8/1/2024 Klar Holdings Limited Senior Secured 11.8 4,948,064 4,644,823 4,644,823 8/1/2025 Klar Holdings Limited Senior Secured 14.2 4.0 73,594 72,510 72,510 7/1/2023 Klar Holdings Limited Senior Secured 12.0 1,571,468 1,512,748 1,512,748 6/1/2024 Klar Holdings Limited Subtotal 8,365,629 7,981,015 7,981,015 Loansnap Holdings Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 313,240 261,551 197,068 6/1/2023 Loansnap Holdings Inc. Senior Secured 10.3 3,669,060 3,418,324 2,575,562 5/1/2025 Loansnap Holdings Inc. Subtotal 3,982,300 3,679,875 2,772,630 Zanbato, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,140,600 1,129,359 1,129,359 9/1/2023 Technology Services Total 8.9 26,884,841 24,645,908 23,738,663 Wireless AirVine Scientific, Inc. Senior Secured 10.8 391,060 377,901 377,901 6/1/2024 AirVine Scientific, Inc. Senior Secured 10.8 391,258 385,574 385,574 6/1/2024 AirVine Scientific, Inc. Subtotal 782,318 763,475 763,475 Juvo Mobile, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,500,000 1,398,672 1,398,672 7/1/2026 MeshPlusPlus, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 399,651 384,690 384,690 3/1/2024 MeshPlusPlus, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 157,465 155,155 155,155 6/1/2024 MeshPlusPlus, Inc. Subtotal 557,116 539,845 539,845 Wireless Total 1.0 2,839,434 2,701,992 2,701,992 Grand Total Loans 182.6 556,664,159 521,905,950 489,691,665 
 
 45 

Company Percent of Net Assets Cost Fair Value Cash Equivalents First American Government Obligations 2.5 6,754,823 6,754,823 Total Cash Equivalents 2.5 6,754,823 6,754,823 

As of December 31, 2022, loans with a cost basis of 40.0 million and a fair value of 12.4 million were classified as non-accrual. These loans have been accelerated from their original maturity and are due in their entirety. During the period for which these loans have been on non-accrual status, no interest income has been recognized. 
 
 Indicates assets that the Fund deems non-qualifying assets." As of December 31, 2022, 14.8 of the Fund s total assets represented non-qualifying assets. Under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, the Fund is prohibited from acquiring any additional non-qualifying assets unless, at the time of acquisition, certain specified qualifying assets (e.g., securities issued by an "eligible portfolio company," as defined in Section 2(a)(46)) represent at least 70 of its total assets. As part of this calculation, the numerator consists of the fair value of the Fund's investments in all eligible portfolio companies, and the denominator consists of total assets less those assets described in Section 55(a)(7) of the 1940 Act. 
 
 Entity is not domiciled in the United States and does not have its principal place of business in the United States. 
 
 (a) The percentage of net assets that each industry group represents is shown with the industry totals (the sum of the percentages does not equal 100 because the percentages are based on net assets as opposed to total loans). 
 
 (b) The interest rate is the designated annual interest rate exclusive of any original issue discount, fees or end of term payment. 
 
 (c) The end of term payments are contractually due on the maturity date and are in addition to the interest rate shown. End of term payments are the percentage of the final payment divided by the original loan amount and are amortized over the full term of the loan. 
 
 (d) There is no readily available market price or secondary market for the Fund s loan investments, hence the Manager determines fair value of all loan investments presented in the Schedule of Investments based on a hypothetical market and the estimates may include the use of significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, all loans were made to non-affiliates. 

See notes to financial statements. 
 46 

VENTURE LENDING LEASING IX, INC. 
 Schedule of Investments 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Biotechnology Calysta, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 7,424,123 6,910,615 6,910,615 6/1/2025 Driver Bioengineering, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 210,665 196,509 196,509 4/1/2023 Driver Bioengineering, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 548,126 541,260 541,260 6/1/2023 Driver Bioengineering, Inc. Subtotal 758,791 737,769 737,769 Genomic Prediction, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 990,625 916,753 916,753 1/1/2025 GLO Pharma, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 1,982,114 1,896,155 1,896,155 12/1/2024 GLO Pharma, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 2,971,746 2,893,124 2,893,124 12/1/2024 GLO Pharma, Inc. Subtotal 4,953,860 4,789,279 4,789,279 Quartzy, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,054,875 1,036,987 1,036,987 7/1/2024 Quartzy, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 478,138 445,430 445,430 8/1/2023 Quartzy, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 996,046 980,260 980,260 5/1/2024 Quartzy, Inc. Subtotal 2,529,059 2,462,677 2,462,677 Biotechnology Total 6.9 16,656,458 15,817,093 15,817,093 Computers Storage Canary Connect, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,806,184 1,774,384 1,774,384 3/1/2024 Canary Connect, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 7,221,950 6,947,036 6,947,036 3/1/2024 Canary Connect, Inc. Senior Secured 12.8 1,332,737 1,312,821 1,312,821 3/1/2023 Canary Connect, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 14,850,169 14,028,469 14,028,469 3/1/2026 Canary Connect, Inc. Subtotal 25,211,040 24,062,710 24,062,710 Computers Storage Total 10.5 25,211,040 24,062,710 24,062,710 Enterprise Networking Diamanti, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 5,972,984 5,055,959 4,311,087 Enterprise Networking Total 1.9 5,972,984 5,055,959 4,311,087 Internet 10club Pte Ltd. Senior Secured 12.0 4,454,692 4,309,407 4,309,407 11/1/2025 10club Pte Ltd. Senior Secured 12.0 1,484,485 969,998 969,998 8/1/2025 10club Pte Ltd. Subtotal 5,939,177 5,279,405 5,279,405 Ainsly, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 180,970 167,037 167,037 9/1/2023 Ainsly, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 220,835 215,380 215,380 8/1/2022 Ainsly, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 73,617 73,617 73,617 8/1/2022 Ainsly, Inc. Subtotal 475,422 456,034 456,034 iZENEtech, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 4,649,564 4,449,109 4,449,109 9/1/2024 Mantra Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,777 458,710 458,710 6/1/2024 Merchbar, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 265,285 258,235 258,235 3/1/2023 MyPizza Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,179,705 2,160,762 2,160,762 2/1/2024 MyPizza Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 4,061,477 3,981,527 3,981,527 12/1/2023 MyPizza Technologies, Inc. Subtotal 6,241,182 6,142,289 6,142,289 OneLocal, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 844,634 794,936 794,936 3/1/2023 Osix Corporation Senior Secured 12.0 4,948,467 4,694,637 4,694,637 8/1/2024 Pixalate, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 5,934,796 5,384,024 5,384,024 4/1/2025 
 47 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Proper Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,484,519 1,375,854 1,375,854 11/1/2024 RenoFi, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 157,216 155,178 155,178 6/1/2023 RenoFi, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 157,130 150,858 150,858 6/1/2023 RenoFi, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 814,310 791,720 791,720 12/1/2023 RenoFi, Inc. Subtotal 1,128,656 1,097,756 1,097,756 Residently USA, LLC Senior Secured 12.0 498,522 470,265 470,265 2/1/2023 Residently USA, LLC Senior Secured 12.0 305,431 305,431 305,431 12/1/2023 Residently USA, LLC Subtotal 803,953 775,696 775,696 RetailerX, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,978,517 1,889,440 1,889,440 2/1/2025 RetailerX, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 960,287 923,491 923,491 5/1/2024 RetailerX, Inc. Subtotal 2,938,804 2,812,931 2,812,931 Serface Care, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 597,411 433,243 36,200 Shadow, PBC Senior Secured 18.0 331,399 310,681 Starface World, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 783,946 752,446 752,446 11/1/2023 Starface World, Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 990,265 971,780 971,780 10/1/2024 Starface World, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 422,046 415,242 415,242 1/1/2024 Starface World, Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 2,474,163 2,359,716 2,359,716 10/1/2024 Starface World, Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 990,476 970,472 970,472 10/1/2024 Starface World, Inc. Subtotal 5,660,896 5,469,656 5,469,656 Stay Alfred, Inc. Senior Secured 18.0 5,675,613 4,162,117 404,583 Usual Beverage Co. Senior Secured 12.0 2,967,292 2,850,880 2,850,880 9/1/2024 Verishop, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,744,243 1,727,396 1,727,396 12/1/2023 Verishop, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,743,583 1,692,394 1,692,394 12/1/2023 Verishop, Inc. Subtotal 3,487,826 3,419,790 3,419,790 Internet Total 20.1 54,869,673 50,625,983 46,160,725 Medical Devices 3D Bio Holdings, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,806,873 1,694,218 1,694,218 3/1/2024 Ablacon, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,321,869 1,291,586 1,291,586 3/1/2023 Ablacon, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,322,356 1,311,100 1,311,100 3/1/2023 Ablacon, Inc. Subtotal 2,644,225 2,602,686 2,602,686 Anutra Medical, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 90,784 89,282 89,282 10/1/2022 Anutra Medical, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 643,231 611,529 611,529 7/1/2024 Anutra Medical, Inc. Subtotal 734,015 700,811 700,811 CytoVale, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 361,456 357,071 357,071 11/1/2023 CytoVale, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,977,671 1,897,985 1,897,985 9/1/2024 CytoVale, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 64,961 64,412 64,412 3/1/2022 CytoVale, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 989,063 967,945 967,945 11/1/2024 CytoVale, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 347,288 335,948 335,948 10/1/2023 CytoVale, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 118,901 118,390 118,390 7/1/2022 CytoVale, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 128,023 127,542 127,542 6/1/2022 CytoVale, Inc. Subtotal 3,987,363 3,869,293 3,869,293 eXo Imaging, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,444,176 1,379,677 1,379,677 9/1/2023 eXo Imaging, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,445,467 1,425,130 1,425,130 9/1/2023 eXo Imaging, Inc. Subtotal 2,889,643 2,804,807 2,804,807 Medrobotics Corporation, Inc. Senior Secured 18.0 10,000,000 8,855,103 964,900 Norbert Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 989,165 902,830 902,830 6/1/2024 Siren Care, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 754,310 744,906 744,906 10/1/2023 Siren Care, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 1,508,243 1,463,777 1,463,777 10/1/2023 Siren Care, Inc. Subtotal 2,262,553 2,208,683 2,208,683 SVN Med, LLC Senior Secured 15.0 1,633,790 1,393,028 1,393,028 12/1/2023 SVN Med, LLC Senior Secured 15.0 817,104 693,026 693,026 12/1/2023 
 48 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date SVN Med, LLC Subtotal 2,450,894 2,086,054 2,086,054 Medical Devices Total 7.7 27,764,731 25,724,485 17,834,282 Other Healthcare Alchera Incorporated Senior Secured 12.0 1,483,900 1,326,776 1,326,776 7/1/2024 Alchera Incorporated Senior Secured 12.0 1,470,500 1,409,173 1,409,173 4/1/2025 Alchera Incorporated Subtotal 2,954,400 2,735,949 2,735,949 Artisan Development Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 282,447 260,582 260,582 4/1/2023 Elysium Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 7,420,231 6,722,807 6,722,807 2/1/2025 GoForward, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 4,507,323 4,304,301 4,304,301 9/1/2023 GoForward, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 3,091,343 3,036,842 3,036,842 6/1/2024 GoForward, Inc. Subtotal 7,598,666 7,341,143 7,341,143 Grayce, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 990,011 932,249 932,249 9/1/2024 Grayce, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 494,614 483,462 483,462 12/1/2024 Grayce, Inc. Subtotal 1,484,625 1,415,711 1,415,711 Hello Heart Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,979,629 1,946,247 1,946,247 6/1/2025 Hello Heart Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,979,629 1,868,531 1,868,531 6/1/2024 Hello Heart Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 586,952 580,837 580,837 11/1/2023 Hello Heart Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 561,643 557,061 557,061 4/1/2023 Hello Heart Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 701,855 683,970 683,970 4/1/2023 Hello Heart Inc. Subtotal 5,809,708 5,636,646 5,636,646 Honeybee Health, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 990,031 898,914 898,914 6/1/2024 Honeybee Health, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,980,553 1,980,553 1,980,553 6/1/2024 Honeybee Health, Inc. Subtotal 2,970,584 2,879,467 2,879,467 HumanAPI, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,175,103 1,145,778 1,145,778 7/1/2023 HumanAPI, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,979,202 1,877,319 1,877,319 8/1/2024 HumanAPI, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 990,180 961,832 961,832 2/1/2025 HumanAPI, Inc. Subtotal 4,144,485 3,984,929 3,984,929 Minded, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,978,973 1,865,771 1,865,771 12/1/2024 Oula Heath, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 346,309 340,210 340,210 7/1/2024 Oula Heath, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 655,346 623,750 623,750 2/1/2024 Oula Heath, Inc. Subtotal 1,001,655 963,960 963,960 PeerWell, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 902,629 860,003 860,003 3/1/2024 SchoolCare, Inc. Senior Secured 18.0 395,761 388,046 82,551 Therapydia, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,637 434,026 434,026 4/1/2025 Therapydia, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,944 480,199 480,199 10/1/2025 Therapydia, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1.7 58,588 56,636 56,636 3/1/2023 Therapydia, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 1.7 68,858 68,858 68,858 6/1/2023 Therapydia, Inc. Subtotal 1,117,027 1,039,719 1,039,719 Tia, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,920,749 1,754,268 1,754,268 5/1/2024 Tia, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 2,473,240 2,432,270 2,432,270 9/1/2024 Tia, Inc. Subtotal 4,393,989 4,186,538 4,186,538 Vessel Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 564,189 564,189 564,189 3/1/2024 Vessel Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 564,106 532,069 532,069 3/1/2024 Vessel Health, Inc. Subtotal 1,128,295 1,096,258 1,096,258 Yes Health, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 989,613 930,838 930,838 10/1/2024 Other Healthcare Total 18.2 44,573,088 42,308,367 42,002,872 Other Technology 8E14 Networks, Inc. Senior Secured 13.0 217,430 176,828 176,828 9/1/2023 8E14 Networks, Inc. Senior Secured 13.0 244,666 244,666 244,666 12/1/2023 8E14 Networks, Inc. Senior Secured 13.0 593,274 593,274 593,274 9/1/2024 
 49 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date 8E14 Networks, Inc. Subtotal 1,055,370 1,014,768 1,014,768 8i Corporation Senior Secured 12.0 1,221,610 1,171,343 1,171,343 12/1/2023 Aclima, Inc. Senior Secured 11.9 149,173 143,913 143,913 4/1/2022 Aclima, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,507,598 1,388,554 1,388,554 10/1/2023 Aclima, Inc. Subtotal 1,656,771 1,532,467 1,532,467 Antitoxin Technologies Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 814,262 738,781 692,140 12/1/2023 Antitoxin Technologies Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 163,653 160,030 151,726 9/1/2022 Antitoxin Technologies Inc. Subtotal 977,915 898,811 843,866 ATeam Army, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 705,214 684,917 684,917 4/1/2023 Bankroll Club, LLC Senior Secured 12.0 1,484,693 1,263,475 1,263,475 4/1/2025 Bankroll Club, LLC Senior Secured 12.0 1,483,500 1,483,500 1,483,500 4/1/2025 Bankroll Club, LLC Subtotal 2,968,193 2,746,975 2,746,975 Beanfields, PBC Senior Secured 18.0 1,126,232 1,136,604 1,005,227 BloomTech Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 3,292,027 3,188,984 3,188,984 7/1/2023 BloomTech Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 1,724,925 1,724,925 1,724,925 8/1/2023 BloomTech Inc. Subtotal 5,016,952 4,913,909 4,913,909 Brave Care Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,226,032 2,078,142 2,078,142 9/1/2024 Brightside Benefit, Inc. Senior Secured 12.1 211,297 207,383 207,383 9/1/2022 Brightside Benefit, Inc. Senior Secured 12.4 456,660 453,272 453,272 3/1/2023 Brightside Benefit, Inc. Subtotal 667,957 660,655 660,655 Bryte, Inc. Senior Secured 10.0 2,478,976 2,295,843 2,295,843 4/1/2025 BW Industries, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,098,200 1,048,349 1,048,349 5/1/2023 BW Industries, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,157,127 1,144,903 1,144,903 6/1/2023 BW Industries, Inc. Subtotal 2,255,327 2,193,252 2,193,252 Candy Club Holdings, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,474,741 2,474,741 2,474,741 5/1/2025 Candy Club Holdings, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 4,945,712 3,938,353 3,938,353 10/1/2024 Candy Club Holdings, Inc. Subtotal 7,420,453 6,413,094 6,413,094 Ceres Imaging, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,979,769 1,796,975 1,796,975 4/1/2025 ClipCall, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 377,537 347,225 347,225 10/1/2023 Content Adjacent, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,793 494,793 494,793 6/1/2024 Content Adjacent, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,977,137 1,920,036 1,920,036 6/1/2024 Content Adjacent, Inc. Subtotal 2,471,930 2,414,829 2,414,829 Coterie Applications, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 2,476,651 2,240,496 2,240,496 9/1/2025 Coterie Applications, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 494,338 494,338 494,338 6/1/2024 Coterie Applications, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 723,625 671,265 671,265 9/1/2023 Coterie Applications, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 903,053 903,053 903,053 3/1/2024 Coterie Applications, Inc. Subtotal 4,597,667 4,309,152 4,309,152 Daybase, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 989,639 908,021 908,021 9/1/2024 Equestrian Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,483,577 1,398,054 1,234,057 6/1/2024 Equestrian Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 742,341 725,469 640,369 6/1/2024 Equestrian Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 742,058 727,787 642,415 6/1/2024 Equestrian Labs, Inc. Subtotal 2,967,976 2,851,310 2,516,841 Fakespot, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,493 447,448 447,448 8/1/2024 Fakespot, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 989,486 972,163 972,163 8/1/2024 Fakespot, Inc. Subtotal 1,483,979 1,419,611 1,419,611 Fitplan, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 994,922 815,498 815,498 11/1/2023 Flo Water, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,394,506 1,348,314 1,348,314 12/1/2023 Hadrian Automation, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,722,876 2,583,157 2,583,157 2/1/2025 
 50 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 4,942,636 4,742,950 4,742,950 2/1/2025 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 275,567 273,064 273,064 5/1/2023 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 781,981 775,361 775,361 4/1/2023 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 1,075,086 1,050,104 1,050,104 1/1/2023 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 319,321 316,022 316,022 8/1/2023 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 6,923,164 6,611,952 6,611,952 6/1/2025 Higher Ground Education, Inc. Subtotal 14,317,755 13,769,453 13,769,453 Hint, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 3,440,711 3,234,998 3,234,998 6/1/2023 Hyphen Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,473,894 2,330,578 2,330,578 7/1/2024 Inscopix, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 4,946,375 4,826,097 4,826,097 4/1/2025 Intergalactic Foods Corporation Senior Secured 12.0 494,826 464,110 464,110 1/1/2025 Invert Robotics Group, Ltd. Senior Secured 13.0 1,978,043 1,769,078 1,769,078 1/1/2025 Jiko Group, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,200,833 2,142,294 2,142,294 6/1/2023 Kinoo, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 990,167 921,525 921,525 1/1/2025 Lacuna Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,484,897 1,347,463 1,347,463 5/1/2025 Level Home, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 9,898,880 9,735,057 9,735,057 2/1/2025 Level Home, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 9,895,966 9,267,817 9,267,817 5/1/2025 Level Home, Inc. Subtotal 19,794,846 19,002,874 19,002,874 Luva Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 495,238 459,320 459,320 12/1/2024 Make School, Inc. Senior Secured 18.0 79,946 45,838 19,536 MASC Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,854 426,580 426,580 9/1/2024 Mavenform, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 494,974 484,719 484,719 6/1/2025 Mavenform, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 989,298 947,765 947,765 6/1/2024 Mavenform, Inc. Subtotal 1,484,272 1,432,484 1,432,484 Merlin Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 115,653 114,777 114,777 1/1/2023 Merlin Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 2,971,743 2,810,122 2,810,122 6/1/2025 Merlin Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 110,140 109,024 109,024 6/1/2022 Merlin Labs, Inc. Subtotal 3,197,536 3,033,923 3,033,923 MinoMonsters, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,474,886 2,387,475 2,387,475 10/1/2024 Momentus, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 24,726,579 22,774,001 22,774,001 3/1/2022 Natomas Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 2,473,076 2,310,655 2,310,655 9/1/2024 Natomas Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 1,748,452 1,715,249 1,715,249 2/1/2024 Natomas Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 2,621,376 2,492,372 2,492,372 2/1/2024 Natomas Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 1,484,049 1,450,349 1,450,349 9/1/2024 Natomas Labs, Inc. Subtotal 8,326,953 7,968,625 7,968,625 NewGlobe Schools, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 4,073,677 4,012,576 4,012,576 12/1/2023 NewGlobe Schools, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 1,177,191 1,163,157 1,163,157 8/1/2022 NewGlobe Schools, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 2,423,182 2,360,035 2,360,035 8/1/2023 NewGlobe Schools, Inc. Subtotal 7,674,050 7,535,768 7,535,768 Noteleaf, Inc. Senior Secured 18.0 2,277,124 1,861,011 309,063 OnePointOne, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,748,153 1,715,659 1,715,659 2/1/2024 OnePointOne, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,747,224 1,650,931 1,650,931 2/1/2024 OnePointOne, Inc. Subtotal 3,495,377 3,366,590 3,366,590 Opya, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 480,293 466,077 466,077 11/1/2023 Percepto, Inc. Senior Secured 12.2 879,619 856,749 856,749 4/1/2023 Phase Four, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,485,295 1,388,478 1,388,478 12/1/2024 Plant Prefab, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 306,696 300,902 300,902 8/1/2022 Plant Prefab, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 2,971,403 2,786,656 2,786,656 8/1/2024 
 51 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Plant Prefab, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,981,660 1,934,305 1,934,305 11/1/2024 Plant Prefab, Inc. Subtotal 5,259,759 5,021,863 5,021,863 Platform Science, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 94,426 93,729 93,729 2/1/2022 Platform Science, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 3,011,412 2,917,289 2,917,289 10/1/2023 Platform Science, Inc. Subtotal 3,105,838 3,011,018 3,011,018 Plethora, Inc. Senior Secured 18.0 2,281,576 2,211,796 507,589 Privoro Holdings, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,718,533 1,638,692 1,638,692 4/1/2024 Reali Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 2,894,499 2,812,255 2,812,255 9/1/2023 Reali Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 11,870,649 11,366,149 11,366,149 12/1/2024 Reali Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 2,709,730 2,602,399 2,602,399 3/1/2024 Reali Inc. Subtotal 17,474,878 16,780,803 16,780,803 Romaine Empire, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 3,896,929 3,781,983 3,781,983 9/1/2023 Saltbox, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 269,697 263,567 263,567 6/1/2023 Setex Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 1,236,308 1,109,408 1,109,408 8/1/2024 SMS OPCO LLC Senior Secured 8.0 33,875 15,125 15,125 Sorfeo Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 989,918 981,903 981,903 9/1/2024 Sustainable Living Partners, LLC Senior Secured 12.5 2,971,313 2,758,178 2,758,178 8/1/2023 Sustainable Living Partners, LLC Senior Secured 12.5 9,892,044 8,598,175 8,598,175 9/1/2025 Sustainable Living Partners, LLC Subtotal 12,863,357 11,356,353 11,356,353 The Farm Project, PBC. Senior Secured 12.0 3,926,667 3,714,785 3,714,785 1/1/2025 The Safe and Fair Food Company LLC Senior Secured 12.3 2,471,977 2,204,367 2,204,367 9/1/2024 TomoCredit, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 289,608 289,608 289,608 9/1/2023 TomoCredit, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 434,205 409,659 409,659 9/1/2023 TomoCredit, Inc. Subtotal 723,813 699,267 699,267 Umbra Lab, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 4,944,750 4,799,256 4,799,256 6/1/2024 Umbra Lab, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 4,946,551 4,781,591 4,781,591 6/1/2024 Umbra Lab, Inc. Subtotal 9,891,301 9,580,847 9,580,847 Veev Group, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 2,360,822 2,337,325 2,337,325 6/1/2023 Veev Group, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 19,779,528 18,948,019 18,948,019 12/1/2024 Veev Group, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 786,775 740,586 740,586 6/1/2023 Veev Group, Inc. Subtotal 22,927,125 22,025,930 22,025,930 Velo Holdings Limited Senior Secured 12.0 2,471,720 1,955,642 1,539,333 Welcome Tech, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 153,082 150,226 150,226 5/1/2022 Wheels Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,221,660 2,134,921 2,134,921 6/1/2023 Wine Plum, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 329,558 324,821 324,821 9/1/2022 World Wrapps II, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 480,319 480,319 480,319 6/1/2024 World Wrapps II, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,453 494,453 494,453 6/1/2024 World Wrapps II, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 494,418 394,196 394,196 6/1/2024 World Wrapps II, Inc. Subtotal 1,469,190 1,368,968 1,368,968 Other Technology Total 102.7 255,168,933 240,678,546 236,458,989 Security Lassen Peak, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 371,530 347,750 347,750 8/1/2024 Nok Nok Labs, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 191,326 190,411 190,411 6/1/2022 Popily, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 2,036,717 1,852,544 1,852,544 8/1/2024 Security Total 1.0 2,599,573 2,390,705 2,390,705 Software Afero, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 2,110,745 1,925,141 1,925,141 1/1/2024 Amino, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 8,910,784 8,465,259 8,465,259 2/1/2025 BackboneAI Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 314,742 310,330 310,330 6/1/2023 BackboneAI Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 480,420 471,361 471,361 5/1/2024 
 52 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date BackboneAI Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 314,588 290,514 290,514 6/1/2023 BackboneAI Inc. Subtotal 1,109,750 1,072,205 1,072,205 Big Run Studios, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,979,680 1,870,020 1,870,020 8/1/2024 Big Run Studios, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 990,230 968,648 968,648 12/1/2024 Big Run Studios, Inc. Subtotal 2,969,910 2,838,668 2,838,668 Bizly, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 346,312 294,503 294,503 12/1/2024 Bizly, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 296,956 290,080 290,080 12/1/2024 Bizly, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 990,414 953,972 953,972 3/1/2025 Bizly, Inc. Subtotal 1,633,682 1,538,555 1,538,555 Blockdaemon, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 903,100 861,263 861,263 3/1/2024 Blockdaemon, Inc. Senior Secured 11.3 55,201 54,707 54,707 6/1/2022 Blockdaemon, Inc. Subtotal 958,301 915,970 915,970 BriteCo LLC Senior Secured 12.0 395,658 342,857 342,857 7/1/2024 BriteCo LLC Senior Secured 12.0 346,461 346,461 346,461 2/1/2025 BriteCo LLC Subtotal 742,119 689,318 689,318 Censia Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 360,514 353,690 353,690 10/1/2022 Chowbus, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 989,944 918,165 918,165 11/1/2024 Chowbus, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 3,959,556 3,303,025 3,303,025 11/1/2024 Chowbus, Inc. Subtotal 4,949,500 4,221,190 4,221,190 Cloudleaf, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 741,575 732,365 732,365 9/1/2024 Cloudleaf, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 956,267 919,269 919,269 8/1/2023 Cloudleaf, Inc. Subtotal 1,697,842 1,651,634 1,651,634 Dynamics, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 293,593 291,440 291,440 2/1/2022 Eskalera, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 527,451 518,933 518,933 3/1/2023 Grokker, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 989,743 946,783 946,783 3/1/2025 ICX Media, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 762,829 651,140 449,541 Ipolipo, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 568,765 544,693 544,693 9/1/2022 Medable, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 498,356 494,657 494,657 2/1/2023 Medable, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 996,585 967,179 967,179 2/1/2023 Medable, Inc. Subtotal 1,494,941 1,461,836 1,461,836 Metawave Corporation Senior Secured 12.0 237,768 235,670 235,670 7/1/2022 Migo Money, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 56,631 56,631 56,631 3/1/2022 Pixlee TurnTo, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 1,266,162 1,223,909 1,223,909 1/1/2024 Pixlee TurnTo, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,226,752 2,123,863 2,123,863 8/1/2025 Pixlee TurnTo, Inc. Subtotal 3,492,914 3,347,772 3,347,772 Safe Securities Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 249,200 240,930 240,930 2/1/2023 Safe Securities Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 5,941,379 5,623,508 5,623,508 9/1/2025 Safe Securities Inc. Subtotal 6,190,579 5,864,438 5,864,438 SF Insuretech, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 2,969,348 2,821,808 2,821,808 8/1/2024 SmartVid.io, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 1,979,037 1,783,763 1,783,763 9/1/2024 Sonatus, Inc Senior Secured 12.5 723,799 663,896 663,896 9/1/2023 Splitwise, Inc. Senior Secured 12.3 216,004 212,084 212,084 12/1/2022 StayTuned Digital, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 1,484,877 1,473,861 1,473,861 2/1/2025 StayTuned Digital, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 283,336 235,242 235,242 1/1/2025 StayTuned Digital, Inc. Subtotal 1,768,213 1,709,103 1,709,103 Swiftly Systems, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 4,713,756 4,077,467 4,077,467 10/1/2024 Swiftly Systems, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,473,626 2,364,621 2,364,621 1/1/2025 Swiftly Systems, Inc. Subtotal 7,187,382 6,442,088 6,442,088 Swivel, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 83,680 83,680 83,680 10/1/2022 Swivel, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 67,603 66,233 66,233 8/1/2022 Swivel, Inc. Subtotal 151,283 149,913 149,913 Terragon, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 480,496 365,014 365,014 5/1/2024 Trucking Jobs Technologies, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 634,198 584,969 584,969 7/1/2024 Truthset, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 185,411 179,361 179,361 2/1/2023 
 53 

Industry Borrower Percent of Net Assets (a) Collateral Interest Rate (b) End of Term Payment (c) Principal Cost Fair Value (d) Final Maturity Date Truthset, Inc. Senior Secured 10.5 222,283 222,283 222,283 5/1/2023 Truthset, Inc. Subtotal 407,694 401,644 401,644 WorkRails, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 123,625 120,527 120,527 3/1/2025 WorkRails, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 371,239 339,771 339,771 2/1/2025 WorkRails, Inc. Subtotal 494,864 460,298 460,298 Workspot, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 2,352,623 2,265,753 2,265,753 11/1/2023 Workspot, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 220,008 215,206 215,206 8/1/2022 Workspot, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 272,328 270,000 270,000 10/1/2022 Workspot, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 903,253 864,056 864,056 3/1/2024 Workspot, Inc. Subtotal 3,748,212 3,615,015 3,615,015 Software Total 24.6 60,818,891 56,800,561 56,598,962 Technology Services iLearningEngines Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,980,078 1,874,081 1,874,081 1/1/2025 iLearningEngines Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 2,475,711 735,489 735,489 10/1/2024 iLearningEngines Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 7,919,550 7,244,078 7,244,078 6/1/2024 iLearningEngines Inc. Subtotal 12,375,339 9,853,648 9,853,648 Klar Holdings Limited Senior Secured 12.5 91,083 84,354 84,354 10/1/2022 Klar Holdings Limited Senior Secured 12.0 3.0 2,487,279 2,439,207 2,439,207 8/1/2024 Klar Holdings Limited Senior Secured 12.0 2,473,187 2,327,776 2,327,776 6/1/2024 Klar Holdings Limited Senior Secured 14.2 4.0 171,136 165,351 165,351 7/1/2023 Klar Holdings Limited Subtotal 5,222,685 5,016,688 5,016,688 Liftit, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 181,508 180,377 180,377 10/1/2022 Liftit, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 146,623 143,541 143,541 8/1/2022 Liftit, Inc. Subtotal 328,131 323,918 323,918 Loansnap Holdings Inc. Senior Secured 10.3 3,717,780 3,467,958 3,467,958 2/1/2025 Loansnap Holdings Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 1,179,442 1,145,802 1,145,802 12/1/2022 Loansnap Holdings Inc. Subtotal 4,897,222 4,613,760 4,613,760 Riffyn, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,746,666 1,699,155 1,699,155 2/1/2024 Riffyn, Inc. Senior Secured 11.5 1,864,230 1,846,053 1,846,053 4/1/2024 Riffyn, Inc. Subtotal 3,610,896 3,545,208 3,545,208 Zanbato, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 2,522,754 2,469,483 2,469,483 9/1/2023 Zeel Networks, Inc. Senior Secured 11.0 2,004,362 1,951,357 1,916,763 6/1/2024 Technology Services Total 12.1 30,961,389 27,774,062 27,739,468 Wireless AirVine Scientific, Inc. Senior Secured 10.8 619,299 604,976 604,976 6/1/2024 AirVine Scientific, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 41,050 40,220 40,220 9/1/2022 AirVine Scientific, Inc. Senior Secured 12.0 41,078 40,718 40,718 9/1/2022 AirVine Scientific, Inc. Senior Secured 10.8 618,987 586,089 586,089 6/1/2024 AirVine Scientific, Inc. Subtotal 1,320,414 1,272,003 1,272,003 MeshPlusPlus, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 677,531 634,884 634,884 3/1/2024 MeshPlusPlus, Inc. Senior Secured 12.5 247,256 241,501 241,501 6/1/2024 MeshPlusPlus, Inc. Subtotal 924,787 876,385 876,385 Parallel Wireless, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 2,245,500 2,223,695 2,223,695 8/1/2023 Parallel Wireless, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 4,080,176 3,975,828 3,975,828 6/1/2023 Parallel Wireless, Inc. Senior Secured 11.8 2,346,787 2,322,840 2,322,840 9/1/2023 Parallel Wireless, Inc. Subtotal 8,672,463 8,522,363 8,522,363 Wireless Total 4.6 10,917,664 10,670,751 10,670,751 Grand Total Loans 210.3 535,514,424 501,909,222 484,047,644 
 54 

Company Percent of Net Assets Cost Fair Value Cash Equivalents First American Government Obligations 3.0 6,939,126 6,939,126 Total Cash Equivalents 3.0 6,939,126 6,939,126 
 As of December 31, 2021, loans with a cost basis of 27.1 million and a fair value of 9.6 million were classified as non-accrual. These loans have been accelerated from their original maturity and are due in their entirety. During the period for which these loans have been on non-accrual status, no interest income has been recognized. 
 
 Indicates assets that the Fund deems non-qualifying assets. As of December 31, 2021, 13.2 of the Fund s total assets represented non-qualifying assets. Under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, the Fund is prohibited from acquiring any additional non-qualifying assets unless, at the time of acquisition, certain specified qualifying assets (e.g., securities issued by an "eligible portfolio company," as defined in Section 2(a)(46)) represent 70 of its total assets. As part of this calculation, the numerator consists of the fair value of the Fund's investments in all eligible portfolio companies, and the denominator consists of total assets less those assets described in Section 55(a)(7) of the 1940 Act. 
 
 Entity is not domiciled in the United States and does not have its principal place of business in the United States. 
 
 (a) The percentage of net assets that each industry group represents is shown with the industry totals (the sum of the percentages does not equal 100 because the percentages are based on net assets as opposed to total loans). 
 
 (b) The interest rate is the designated annual interest rate exclusive of any original issue discount, fees or end of term payment. 
 
 (c) The end of term payments are contractually due on the maturity date and are in addition to the interest rate shown. End of term payments are the percentage of the final payment divided by the original loan amount and are amortized over the full term of the loan. 
 
 (d) There is no readily available market price or secondary market for the Fund s loan investments, hence the Manager determines fair value of all loan investments presented in the Schedule of Investments based on a hypothetical market and the estimates may include the use of significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, all loans were made to non-affiliates. 

See notes to financial statements. 
 55 

VENTURE LENDING LEASING IX, INC. 
 
 Schedules of Derivative Instruments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Description and terms of payments to be received from another party Description and terms of payments to be paid to another party Counterparty Maturity Date AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 Notional Amount Fair Value Upfront payments/receipts Unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) (a) Interest Rate Collar Floating interest rate of USD-SOFR with a cap rate of 0.86 to be received monthly Floating interest rate of USD-SOFR with a floor rate of 0.35 to be paid monthly Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 3/18/2024 87,000,000 4,244,303 4,244,303 Floating interest rate of USD-SOFR with a cap rate of 1.36 to be received monthly Floating interest rate of USD-SOFR with a floor rate of 0.42 to be paid monthly Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 6/30/2025 50,000,000 3,421,781 3,421,781 Floating interest rate of USD-SOFR with a cap rate of 2.11 to be received monthly Floating interest rate of USD-SOFR with a floor rate of 0.53 to be paid monthly Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 3/18/2024 90,000,000 2,978,267 2,978,267 Total 227,000,000 10,644,351 10,644,351 
 
 Description and terms of payments to be received from another party Description and terms of payments to be paid to another party Counterparty Maturity Date AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 Notional Amount Fair Value Upfront payments/receipts Unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) (a) Interest Rate Collar Floating interest rate of USD-LIBOR-BBA with a cap rate of 1.15 , to be received monthly Floating interest rate of USD-LIBOR-BBA with a floor rate of 0.17 to be paid monthly MUFG Union Bank, N.A. 6/30/2025 20,000,000 255,356 255,356 Floating interest rate of USD-LIBOR-BBA with a cap rate of 1.00 to be received monthly Floating interest rate of USD-LIBOR-BBA with a floor rate of 0.35 to be paid monthly Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 3/18/2024 87,000,000 377,254 377,254 Floating interest rate of USD-LIBOR-BBA with a cap rate of 1.50 to be received monthly Floating interest rate of USD-LIBOR-BBA with a floor rate of 0.42 to be paid monthly Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 6/30/2025 50,000,000 329,992 329,992 Floating interest rate of USD-LIBOR-BBA with a cap rate of 2.25 to be received monthly Floating interest rate of USD-LIBOR-BBA with a floor rate of 0.53 to be paid monthly Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 3/18/2024 90,000,000 (130,697) (130,697) Total 247,000,000 831,905 831,905 

(a) The unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) was valued using prices or valuation based on observable inputs other than quoted price in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. See Note 3. Fair Value Disclosures for more information. 
 
 See notes to financial statements. 

56 

VENTURE LENDING LEASING IX, INC. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 1. ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS OF THE FUND 
 Venture Lending Leasing IX, Inc. (the Fund was incorporated in Maryland on June 28, 2017 as a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company electing status as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act and is managed by Westech Investment Advisors, LLC (the Manager or Management ). All of the issued and outstanding membership interests of the Manager were acquired by P10 Intermediate Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company whose ultimate parent is P10, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together, P10 on October 13, 2022 (the Transaction ). The management of day-to-day operations of the Manager remains substantially unchanged and continues to be directed by the Manager s personnel following the closing of the Transaction. 
 
 The Fu nd will be dissolved on December 31, 2028 unless the Board of Directors (the Board opts to elect early dissolution. One hundred percent of the stock of the Fund is held by Venture Lending Leasing IX, LLC (the Company ). Prior to commencing operations on May 2, 2018, the Fund had no operations other than accruing organizational expenses and the sale to the Company of 100,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value for 25,000 in June 2017. This issuance of stock was a requirement to apply for a finance lender s license from the California Commissioner of Corporations, which was obtained on September 22, 2017. 
 
 The Fund s investment objective is to achieve superior risk-adjusted investment returns and it seeks to achieve that objective by providing debt financing to portfolio companies, most of which are private. The Fund generally receives warrants to acquire equity securities in connection with its portfolio investments and generally distributes these warrants to its shareholder upon receipt, or soon thereafter. The Fund also has guidelines for the percentages of total assets that are invested in different types of assets. The portfolio investments of the Fund primarily consist of debt financing to early and expansion stage venture capital-backed technology companies. 
 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Basis of Accounting and Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP requires Management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. As an investment company, the Fund follows accounting and reporting guidance as set forth in Topic 946 Financial Services - Investment Companies of the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification, as amended ASC ). Certain prior period information has been reclassified and/or disclosed to conform to the current year presentation. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and money market mutual funds with maturities of or the ability to redeem or liquidate holdings within 90 days or less. Cash and cash equivalents are held in three bank accounts with two financial institutions, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, and as a result are subject to custodial concentration risk for cash and cash equivalents. Cash in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC limit of 250,000 is unsecured. Money market mutual funds held as cash equivalents are valued at their most recently traded net asset value. Within cash and cash equivalents, as of December 31, 2022, the Fund held 6,754,823 units in the First American Government Obligations Fund valued at 1 per unit at a yield of 4.06 and 319,834 in cash, which represented 2.64 of the net assets of the Fund. Within cash and cash equivalents, as of December 31, 2021, the Fund held 6,939,126 units in the First American Government Obligations Fund valued at 1 per unit at a yield of 0.02 , which represented 3.01 of the net assets of the Fund. 
 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income on loans is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method including amounts resulting from the accretion of discount on loans included as additional compensation as part of the loan agreements. Additionally, fees received as part of the transaction are added to the loan discount and accreted over the life of the loan. 
 Realized Gains and Losses from Loans 
 Realized gains or losses on the sale of loans are computed using the difference between the amortized cost and the sales proceeds. Realized losses on loan write-offs are recognized when management determines a loan is uncollectible. 
 
 57 

Investment Valuation 
 The Fund accounts for loans for which market quotations are not readily available at fair value as determined in good faith by the Manager, who has been appointed as the Fund's valuation designee, pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act. Subject to the oversight of the Fund's Board of Directors, all valuations are determined under the direction of the Manager, in accordance with the valuation methods and Rule 2a-5. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the financial statements included nonmarketable investments of 489.7 million and 484.0 million, respectively, (or 94.7 and 96.6 of total assets, respectively), with the fair values determined by the Manager in the absence of readily available market values. Because of the inherent uncertainty of these valuations, estimated fair values of such investments may differ significantly from the fair values that would have been used had a readily available market for the securities existed, and the differences could be material. Below is the information used by the Manager in making these estimates. 
 Loans 
 
 The Fund defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to lower a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Because there is no readily available market price and no secondary market for substantially all of the loan investments made by the Fund in its borrowing portfolio companies, Management determines fair value based on hypothetical markets, and on several factors related to each borrower, including, but not limited to, the borrower s payment history, available cash and burn rate, revenues, net income or loss, the likelihood that the borrower will be able to secure additional financing in the future, and an evaluation of the general interest rate environment. The amount of any valuation adjustment considers the estimated amount and timing of cash payments of principal and interest from the borrower and/or liquidation analysis and is determined based upon a credit analysis of the borrower and an analysis of the expected recovery from the borrower, including consideration of factors such as the nature and quality of the Fund s security interests in collateral, the estimated fair value of the Fund s collateral, the size of the loan, and the estimated time that will elapse before the Fund achieves a recovery. Management has evaluated these factors and has concluded that, the effect of deterioration in the quality of the underlying collateral, increase in size of the loan, increase in the estimated time to recovery and increase in the hypothetical market coupon rate would have the effect of lowering the fair value of the current portfolio of loans. 
 
 Non-Accrual Loans 
 
 The Fund s policy is to classify a loan as non-accrual when the portfolio company is delinquent for three consecutive months on its monthly loan payment, or, in the opinion of Management, either ceases or drastically curtails its operations and Management deems that it is unlikely that the loan will return to performing status. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, all interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed for the quarter in which the loan was placed on non-accrual status. Any uncollected interest related to quarters prior to when the loan was placed on non-accrual status is added to the principal balance, and the aggregate balance of the principal and interest is evaluated in accordance with the policy for valuation of loans in determining Management s best estimate of fair value. Interest received by the Fund on non-accrual loans will be recognized as interest income if and when the proceeds exceed the book value of the respective loan. 
 
 If a borrower of a non-accrual loan resumes making regular payments and Management believes that such borrower has regained the ability to service the loan on a sustainable basis, the loan is reclassified back to accrual or performing status. Interest that would have been accrued during the time a loan was classified as non-accrual will be added back to the remaining payment schedule causing a change in the effective interest rate. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans with a cost basi s of 40.0 million and 27.1 million and a fair value of 12.4 million and 9.6 million, respectively, were classified as non-accrual. 
 
 Warrants and Equity Securities 
 
 Warrants and equity securities received in connection with loan transactions are measured at fair value at the time of acquisition. Warrants are valued based on a Black-Scholes option pricing model which considers, among several factors, the underlying stock value, expected term, volatility, and risk-free interest rate. It is anticipated that such securities will be distributed by the Fund to the Company simultaneously with, or shortly following, their acquisition. 
 
 The underlying asset value is estimated based on information available. 
 
 Volatility, or the amount of uncertainty or risk about the size of the changes in the warrant price, is based on an index of publicly traded companies grouped by industry and which are similar in nature to the underlying portfolio companies issuing the warrant Industry Index ). The volatility assumption for each Industry Index is based on the average volatility for individual public companies within the portfolio company s industry for a period of time approximating the expected life of the warrants. A hypothetical increase in the volatility of the warrants used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model would have the effect of increasing the fair value of the warrants. 
 
 58 

The remaining expected lives of warrants are based on historical experience of the average life of the warrants, as warrants are often exercised in the event of acquisitions, mergers, or initial public offerings and terminated due to events such as bankruptcies, restructuring activities, or additional financings. These events cause the expected term to be less than the remaining contractual term of the warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Fund assumed the average duration of a warrant is 4.0 years. The effect of a hypothetical increase in the estimated initial term of the warrants used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model would have the effect of increasing the fair value of the warrants. However, the estimated initial term of the warrants is one factor, of many, used in the valuation of warrants, and by itself does not have a significant impact on the results of operations. 
 
 The risk-free interest rate is derived from the constant maturity tables issued by the U.S. Treasury Department. The effect of a hypothetical increase in the estimated risk-free rate used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model would have the effect of increasing the fair value of the warrants. 
 
 Other Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Other assets include costs incurred in conjunction with borrowings under the Fund s debt facility and are stated at initial cost. These costs are amortized over the term of the facility. 
 
 The fair values of other assets and accrued liabilities are estimated at their carrying values because of the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. 
 
 The carrying value of the borrowings under the debt facility approximates their fair value based on the borrowing rates available to the Fund. 
 Deferred Debt Facility Fees 
 The deferred debt facility fees and costs associated with the debt facility are included in Other assets in the Statements of Assets and Liabilities and are being amortized over the estimated life of the facility, which currently matures on March 18, 2024. The amortization of these costs is recorded as interest expense in the Statements of Operations. 
 Commitment Fees 
 Unearned income and commitment fees on loans are recognized using the effective-interest method over the term of the loan. Commitment fees are carried as liabilities when received for commitments upon which no draws have been made. When the first draw is made, the fee is treated as unearned income and is recognized as described above. If a draw is never made, the forfeited commitment fee less any applicable legal costs becomes recognized as other income after the commitment expires. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 The Fund uses derivative instruments to manage its exposure to changes in interest rates on expected borrowings under its debt facility, as the Fund originates fixed rate loans (see Note 8). 
 
 Derivative instruments are primarily valued on the basis of quotes obtained from banks, brokers and dealers and adjusted for counterparty risk and the optionality of the interest rate terms. The valuation of the derivative instruments also considers the future expected interest rates on the notional principal balance remaining which is comparable to what a prospective acquirer would pay on the measurement date. Valuation pricing models consider inputs such as forward rates, anticipated interest rate volatility relating to the reference rate, as well as time value and other factors underlying derivative instruments. 
 
 The Fund is a party to master netting arrangements with Zions Bancorporation, N.A., however, the Fund has elected not to offset assets and liabilities under these arrangements for financial statement presentation purposes. Contracts are recorded at gross fair value in either derivative assets or derivative liability in the Statements of Assets and Liabilities, depending on whether the fair value of the contract is in favor of the Fund or the counterparty. The changes in fair value are recorded in net change in unrealized gain (loss) from derivative instruments in the Statements of Operations and the quarterly interest received or paid on the contract, if any, is recorded in net realized gain (loss) from derivative instruments in the Statements of Operations. 
 
 The interest rate collar instruments are contractually scheduled to terminate on March 18, 2024 and June 30, 2025. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2022-03, "Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions ("ASU 2022-03"). The amendments in this Update affect all entities that have investments in equity securities measured at fair value that are subject to a contractual sale restriction. The amendments clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The amen d ments also clarify that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. The Fund is evaluating the effects of these amendments on its financial statements and disclosures. 
 
 59 

3. FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES 
 
 The Fund provides asset-based financing primarily to start-up and emerging growth venture-backed companies pursuant to commitments whereby the Fund agrees to finance assets and provide working or growth capital up to a specified amount for the term of the commitment, upon the terms and subject to the conditions specified by such commitment. Even though these loans are generally secured by the assets of the borrowers, the Fund in most cases is subject to the credit risk of such companies. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Fund s investments in loans were primarily to companies based within the United States and were diversified among borrowers in the industry segments shown in the Schedules of Investments. All loans are senior to unsecured creditors and other secured creditors, unless otherwise indicated in the Schedules of Investments. 
 
 The Fund defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date; that is, an exit price. The exit price assumes the asset or liability was exchanged in an orderly transaction; it was not a forced liquidation or distressed sale. Because there is no readily available market price and no secondary market for substantially all of the loan investments made by the Fund to borrowing portfolio companies, Management determines fair value (or estimated exit value) based on a hypothetical market, and several factors related to each borrower. 
 
 Loan balances in the Schedules of Investments are listed by borrower. Typically, a borrower s balance will be composed of several loans drawn under a commitment made by the Fund with the interest rate on each loan fixed at the time each loan is funded. Each loan drawn under a commitment has a different maturity date and amount. 
 
 The following table shows the weighted-average interest rate of the performing loans and all loans. 
 
 Performing Loans All Loans For the years ended For the years ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-Average Interest Rate - Cash 13.21 15.76 13.27 15.50 Weighted Average Interest Rate - Non-Cash 3.57 5.86 3.48 5.71 Weighted-Average Interest Rate 16.78 21.62 16.75 21.21 
 
 Interest is calculated using the effective interest method, and rates earned by the Fund will fluctuate based on many factors including early payoffs, volatility of values ascribed to warrants and new loans funded during the year. 
 
 The risk profile of a loan changes when events occur that impact the credit analysis of the borrower and loan as discussed in the Fund s loan accounting policy. Such changes result in the fair value adjustments made to the individual loans, which in accordance with U.S. GAAP, would be based on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to settle a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Where the risk profile is consistent with the original underwriting, the cost basis of the loan often approximates fair value. 
 
 All loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were pledged as collateral for the debt facility, and the Fund s borrowings are generally collateralized by all assets of the Fund. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Fund had unexpired unfunded commitments to borrowers of 68.1 million and 97.9 million, respectively. 
 Valuation Hierarchy 
 Under the FASB ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurement ), the Fund categorizes its fair value measurements according to a three-level hierarchy. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used by the Fund s valuation techniques. A level is assigned to each fair value measurement based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 
 
 The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are defined as follows: 
 Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date. Level 2 Prices or valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. Level 3 Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 
 
 There were no transfers in and out of Level 1, 2 or 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Fund s cash equivalents were valued at the traded net asset value of the money market fund. As a result, these measurements are classified as Level 1. The Fund s derivative instruments are based on quotes from the market makers that derive fair values from market data, and therefore, are classified as Level 2. The Fund s borrowings under the debt facility are also classified as Level 2, because the carrying values of the borrowings are based on rates that are observable at commonly quoted intervals, which are Level 2 inputs, and that approximate fair values. The Funds loan transactions are individually negotiated and unique, and because there is little to no market in which these assets trade, the inputs for these assets are valued using estimated exit values. As a result, the Fund s loan investments are classified as Level 3. 
 
 60 

The following tables provide quantitative information about the Fund s Level 3 fair value measurements of the Fund s investments by industry as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition to the techniques and inputs noted in the tables below, the Fund may also use other valuation techniques and methodologies when determining its fair value measurements. 
 
 Investment Type - Level 3 Loan Investments Fair Value at December 31, 2022 Valuation Techniques / Methodologies Unobservable Input Range Weighted Average (a) 
 Biotechnology 20,242,076 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 13 - 17 15 Computers Storage 22,378,980 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 14 - 16 14 Enterprise Networking 3,549,308 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 10 - 40 Internet 58,936,140 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 14 - 30 16 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 5 - 100 Medical Devices 6,814,809 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 13 - 20 15 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 5 - 95 Other Healthcare 35,863,539 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 13 - 22 16 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 5 - 80 Other Technology 238,242,511 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 14 - 34 16 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 5 - 100 Security 5,178,554 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 13 - 16 14 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 100 Software 72,045,093 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 13 - 37 16 Asset Recovery Probability weighing of alternative outcomes 5 - 90 Technology Services 23,738,663 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 13 - 24 20 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 25 Wireless 2,701,992 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 14 - 17 16 Total Loan Investments 489,691,665 
 
 (a) The weighted-average hypothetical market coupon rates were calculated using the relative fair value of the loans. 
 There is only one loan within the industry. 
 Probability weightings vary among loan investments within each industry based on different potential future outcomes. 
 
 61 

Investment Type - Level 3 Loan Investments Fair Value at December 31, 2021 Valuation Techniques / Methodologies Unobservable Input Range Weighted Average (a) 
 Biotechnology 15,817,093 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 13 - 16 15 Computers Storage 24,062,710 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 14 Enterprise Networking 4,311,087 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 10 - 20 Internet 46,160,725 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 13 - 19 16 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 10 - 100 Medical Devices 17,834,282 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 13 - 32 17 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 35 - 65 Other Healthcare 42,002,872 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 14 - 24 16 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 20 - 80 Other Technology 236,458,989 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 12 - 46 19 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 5 - 100 Security 2,390,705 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 14 - 19 18 Software 56,598,962 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 12 - 37 17 Asset Recovery Probability weighing of alternative outcomes 10 - 40 Technology Services 27,739,468 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 13 - 26 18 Asset Recovery Probability weighting of alternative outcomes 10 - 50 Wireless 10,670,751 Hypothetical market analysis Hypothetical market coupon rate 14 - 17 14 Total Loan Investments 484,047,644 

(a) The weighted-average hypothetical market coupon rates were calculated using the relative fair value of the loans. 
 There is only one loan within the industry. 
 Probability weightings vary among loan investments within each industry based on different potential future outcomes. 
 
 62 

The following tables present the balances of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 
 As of December 31, 2022 ASSETS: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Loans 489,691,665 489,691,665 Derivative assets 10,644,351 10,644,351 Cash equivalents 6,754,823 6,754,823 Total 6,754,823 10,644,351 489,691,665 507,090,839 LIABILITIES: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Borrowings under debt facility 244,500,000 244,500,000 Total 244,500,000 244,500,000 
 As of December 31, 2021 ASSETS: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Loans 484,047,644 484,047,644 Derivative assets 962,602 962,602 Cash equivalents 6,939,126 6,939,126 Total 6,939,126 962,602 484,047,644 491,949,372 LIABILITIES: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Borrowings under debt facility 263,000,000 263,000,000 Derivative liability 130,697 130,697 Total 263,130,697 263,130,697 
 For a detailed listing of borrowers comprising this amount, please refer to the Schedules of Investments. 
 
 The following tables provide a summary of changes in Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Loans Warrants Stocks Others Beginning balance 484,047,644 Acquisitions and originations 236,094,146 16,224,696 2,810,274 314,220 Principal payments on loans, net of accretion (210,910,358) Proceeds from sale of loan (1,800,000) Distributions to shareholder (16,224,696) (2,810,274) (314,220) Net realized loss from loans (3,387,060) Net change in unrealized loss from loans (14,352,707) Ending balance 489,691,665 Net change in unrealized loss from loans relating to loans still held at December 31, 2022 (17,199,833) 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Loans Warrants Stocks Beginning balance 310,522,149 Acquisitions and originations 358,801,269 34,182,382 1,846,658 Principal payments on loans, net of accretion (179,783,947) Distributions to shareholder (34,182,382) (1,846,658) Net realized loss from loans (119,127) Net change in unrealized loss from loans (5,372,700) Ending balance 484,047,644 Net change in unrealized loss from loans relating to loans still held at December 31, 2021 (5,620,711) 
 
 63 

4. EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
 Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations by the weighted average common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations by the weighted average common shares outstanding, including the dilutive effects of potential common shares (e.g., stock options). The Fund has no instruments that would be potential common shares; thus, reported basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share are the same. 
 5. CAPITAL STOCK 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 10,000,000 shares of 0.001 par value common stock authorized, and 100,000 shares issued and outstanding. Total committed capital of the Company, as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 460.0 million. Total contributed capital to the Company through December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 460.0 million and 388.7 million, respectively, of which 407.1 million and 345.6 million was contributed to the Fund, respectively. 
 The chart below shows the distributions of the Fund for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 For the Year Ended For the Year Ended For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Cash distributions 62,500,000 85,800,000 30,800,000 Distributions of equity securities and convertible notes 19,349,190 36,029,040 15,616,824 Total distributions to shareholder 81,849,190 121,829,040 46,416,824 
 
 6. DEBT FACILITY 
 
 The 1940 Act requires a BDC to meet certain levels of asset coverage with respect to its outstanding senior securities, which typically consist of outstanding borrowings under credit facilities and other debt instruments. Historically, BDCs have only been allowed to incur indebtedness by issuing senior securities if their asset coverage equals at least 200 after giving effect to such borrowings. The Small Business Credit Availability Act (the SBCAA ), which was signed into law on March 23, 2018, added a new Section 61(a)(2) to the 1940 Act that permits BDCs like the Fund to increase the amount of indebtedness they may incur by lowering the asset coverage requirement from 200 to 150 if they make certain disclosures and obtain the approval by either (1) a required majority, as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act, of the BDC s board of directors, including a majority of non-interested directors within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act Independent Directors ), with effectiveness one year after the date of such approval or (2) a majority of votes cast at a special or annual meeting of the BDC s shareholders at which a quorum is present, which is effective the day after such stockholder approval. 
 
 On December 5, 2018, the required majority of the Fund s Board, including a majority of its independent directors, unanimously determined it to be in the best interests of the Fund and its sole shareholder, the Company, to provide the Fund with maximum leverage flexibility, and approved the application to the Fund of a minimum asset coverage ratio of 150 , pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, which would double the Fund s borrowing limits, subject to approval by the Company, as the sole shareholder, via the pass-through voting of its members. Thereafter, at a special meeting of shareholders held on April 24, 2019, the Fund s sole shareholder, the Company, approved the proposal to apply the reduced asset coverage requirement to the Fund. The 150 asset coverage ratio became effective for the Fund on April 25, 2019. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Fund s asset coverage for borrowings was 209 and 187 , respectively. 
 
 On December 20, 2018, the Fund entered into a syndicated loan agreement led by MUFG Union Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and ING Capital LLC, with participation from Zions Bancorporation, N.A., doing business as California Bank Trust, Bank Leumi USA, Umpqua Bank, HSBC Bank USA, N.A., and First Bank, that established a secured revolving loan facility in an initial amount of up to 200.0 million with the option to request that borrowing availability be increased up to 400.0 million (the Loan Agreement ), subject to further negotiation and credit approval. 
 On March 18, 2021, the Fund entered into an Amendment to the Loan and Security Agreement with MUFG Union Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and ING Capital, LLC, with participation from TIAA, FSB, Bank Leumi USA, HSBC Bank USA, N.A., Umpqua Bank, Zions Bancorporation, N.A., doing business as California Bank Trust, Hitachi Capital America Corp, First Bank, and Bank of Hope, that increased the size of the facility to 350 million and extended the term of the facility (the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement ). An additional 50.0 million was potentially available to the Fund, subject to further negotiation and credit approval, through an accordion provision. 
 64 

On May 17, 2022, the Fund, entered into a First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the First Amendment with lenders named therein. The First Amendment provides for, among other modifications (i) an increase in the size of the facility to 400,000,000, (ii) replacement of the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), and (iii) conversion of an existing LIBOR Market Index Rate Loan to a Daily Simple SOFR Rate Loan. 
 Borrowings of the Fund are collateralized by all of the assets of the Fund and the Manager's right to receive management fees from the Fund. Loans under the facility may be, at the option of the Fund, a Reference Rate Loan or a SOFR Rate Loan (calculated at Daily Simple SOFR or another applicable Term SOFR Reference Rate). As of December 31, 2022, the Fund s outstanding borrowings were entirely based on the Daily Simple SOFR Rate Loan. The facility terminates on March 18, 2024, but can be accelerated in the event of default, such as failure by the Fund to make timely interest or principal payments. 
 The Fund pays interest on its borrowings and a fee on the unused portion of the facility. Under the First Amendment, interest is charged to the Fund based on its borrowings at, pursuant to the election of the Fund, an annual rate equal to either (i) the Reference Rate plus 1.50 , (ii) for a SOFR Rate Loan with an interest period of one month, SOFR plus 2.60 or (iii) for a SOFR Rate Loan with an interest period of three months, SOFR plus 2.65 . When the Fund is using 50 or more of the maximum amount available under the Loan Agreement, the applicable commitment fee is 0.25 of the unused portion of the loan facility; otherwise, the applicable commitment fee is 0.50 of the unused portion. The Fund pays the unused credit line fee quarterly . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 244.5 million and 263.0 million, respectively, was outstanding under the facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the SOFR rate was as follows: 
 
 Overnight 4.3000 Daily Simple SOFR 4.3000 30-day Average SOFR 4.0617 90-day Average SOFR 3.6189 
 Bank fees and other costs of 4.0 million in curred in connection with the acquisition of the facility have been capitalized and are amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the expected life of the facility. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unamortized fees and costs of 1.3 million and 2.0 million, respectively, are being amortized over the expected life of the facility, which is expected to terminate on March 18, 2024. 
 The facility is revolving and as such does not have a specified repayment schedule, although advances are secured by the assets of the Fund and thus repayments will be required as assets decline. The facility contains various covenants including financial covenants related to: (i) minimum debt service coverage ratio, (ii) interest coverage ratio, (iii) unfunded commitment ratio, (iv) maximum quarterly loan loss reserve ratio, (v) maximum annual loan loss reserve ratio and (vi) maximum loan loss test. There are also various restrictive covenants, including limitations on: (i) the incurrence of liens, (ii) consolidations, mergers and asset sales and (iii) capital expenditures. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Management is not aware of instances of non-compliance with financial covenants. 
 The following is the summary of the outstanding facility draws as of December 31, 2022: 
 Amount Maturity Date All-In Interest Rate (a) 
 SOFR Rate Loan 244,500,000 March 18, 2024 Variable based on Daily Simple SOFR rate Total Outstanding 244,500,000 
 (a) Inclusive of 2.60 applicable SOFR Rate Loan margin plus Daily Simple SOFR rate. 
 The following is the summary of the outstanding facility draws as of December 31, 2021: 
 Amount Maturity Date All-In Interest Rate (a) 
 LIBOR Market Index Rate Loan 263,000,000 March 18, 2024 Variable based on 1-Month LIBOR rate Total Outstanding 263,000,000 
 (a) Inclusive of 2.50 applicable LIBOR margin plus LIBOR rate. 
 The floating interest rate for the debt facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 4.30 and 0.10 , respectively. 
 
 65 

7. MANAGEMENT AND RELATED PARTIES 
 
 Management 
 On October 13, 2022, in connection with the Transaction, the Fund entered into a new investment management agreement (the Current Agreement ), by and between the Fund and the Manager, that replaced the previous investment management agreement entered into between the Fund and the Manager (the Previous Agreement ). The closing of the Transaction constituted a change of control of the Manager which caused the Previous Agreement to terminate. Significant terms of the Current Agreement are the same as those of the Previous Agreement, including the fee rates described below. 
 As compensation for its services to the Fund, from the date of the first capital call, May 1, 2018, the Manager receives a management fee Management Fee computed and paid at the end of the quarter at an annual rate of the Company s committed equity capital (regardless of when or if the capital was called) based on the following schedule of annual percentages: 
 Management Fee Year 1 1.575 Year 2 1.600 Year 3 1.575 Year 4 1.500 Year 5 1.250 Year 6 0.900 Year 7 0.600 Year 8 0.350 Year 9 0.150 
 For the periods from January 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022 and from July 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, Management Fees were calculated at 1.500 and 1.250 of the Company's committed capital, respectively. For the periods from January 1, 2021 through June 30, 2021 and from July 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021, Management Fees were calculated at 1.575 and 1.500 of the Company's committed capital, respectively. 
 Management Fees of 6.3 million, 7.1 million and 7.3 million were recognized as expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Related Parties 
 Certain officers and directors of the Fund also serve as officers and directors of the Manager. The Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Fund provide for indemnification of directors, officers, employees and agents (including the Manager) of the Fund to the full extent permitted by applicable state law and the 1940 Act, including the advance of expenses and reasonable counsel fees. The Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Fund also contain a provision eliminating personal liability of a Fund director or officer to the Fund or its shareholder for monetary damages for certain breaches of their duty of care. For this reason, the Fund has acquired a directors and officers insurance policy. 
 Transactions with Venture Lending Leasing VIII, Inc. Fund VIII 
 The Manager also serves as investment manager for Fund VIII. The Fund s Board of Directors determined that so long as Fund VIII has capital available to invest in loan transactions with final maturities earlier than December 31, 2025 (the date on which Fund VIII will be dissolved), the Fund may invest in each portfolio company in which Fund VIII invests. Generally, the amount of each investment will be allocated 50 to the Fund and 50 to Fund VIII, or such other allocations as may be determined by the respective fund boards, so long as the Fund has capital available to invest. Effective March 31, 2020, Fund VIII was no longer permitted to enter new commitments to borrowers; however, Fund VIII was permitted to fund existing commitments in which the Fund might also be invested. Fund VIII's last commitment expired on September 30, 2021. The ability of the Fund to co-invest with Fund VIII, and other clients advised by the Manager, is subject to the conditions Conditions with which the Funds are currently complying while seeking certain exemptive relief from the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC from the provisions of Sections 17(d) and 57 of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder. The Manager has exercised, and the Board of Directors ratified, its discretion to extend the Fund s investment period for two additional quarters, thereby allowing the Fund to make new commitments through December 31, 2022 and to fund commitments through December 31, 2023, the end of the Fund s investment period. To the extent that clients, other than Fund VIII, advised by the Manager (but in which the Manager has no proprietary interest) invest in opportunities available to the Fund, the Manager will allocate such opportunities among the Fund and such other clients in a manner deemed fair and equitable considering all of the circumstances in accordance with the Conditions. 
 
 66 

Transactions with WTI Fund X, Inc. ("Fund X") 
 The Manager also serves as the investment manager for Fund X. The Fund s Board of Directors determined that so long as Fund X has capital available to invest in loan transactions with final maturities earlier than December 31, 2031 (the date on which Fund X will be dissolved), the Fund may invest in each portfolio company in which Fund X invests. Generally, the amount of each investment will be allocated 50 to the Fund and 50 to Fund X, or such other allocations as may be determined by the respective fund boards, so long as the Fund has capital available to invest. The ability of the Fund to co-invest with Fund X, and other clients advised by the Manager, is subject to the Conditions described above. The Manager has exercised, and the Board of Directors ratified, its discretion to extend the Fund s investment period for two additional quarters, thereby allowing the Fund to make new commitments through December 31, 2022 and to fund commitments through December 31, 2023, the end of the Fund s investment period. To the extent that clients, other than Fund X, advised by the Manager (but in which the Manager has no proprietary interest) invest in opportunities available to the Fund, the Manager will allocate such opportunities among the Fund and such other clients in a manner deemed fair and equitable considering all of the circumstances in accordance with the Conditions. 
 Intercreditor Agreements 
 In all transactions in which the Fund and other funds managed by the Manager invest or those in which another lender(s) has either invested or may later invest (or in the event a successor fund is raised, in which the Fund and the successor fund invest), it is expected that the Fund and, other funds managed by the Manager (or the successor fund as the case may be), and/or the other lender(s) will enter into an intercreditor agreement pursuant to which the Fund and, other funds managed by the Manager (or the successor fund), and/or the other lender(s), along with any predecessor funds which still have a balance outstanding, will cooperate in pursuing their remedies following a default by the common borrower. Generally, under such intercreditor agreements, each party would agree that its security interest would be treated in parity with the security interest of the other party, regardless of which security interest would have priority under applicable law. Accordingly, proceeds realized from the sale of any collateral or the exercise of any other creditor s rights will be allocated between the Fund and, other funds managed by the Manager, and any predecessor funds as described above, pro rata in accordance with the amounts of their respective investments. An exception to the foregoing arrangement would occur in situations where, for example, one of the lenders financed specific items of equipment collateral; in that case, usually the lender who financed the specific assets will have a senior lien on that asset, and the other lenders will have a junior priority lien (even though they may ratably share liens of equal priority on other assets of the common borrower). As a result of such intercreditor agreements, the Fund may have less flexibility in pursuing its remedies following a default than it would have had had there been no intercreditor agreement, and the Fund may realize fewer proceeds. In addition, because the Fund and other funds managed by the Manager (or the successor fund) invest at the same time in the same borrower, such borrower would be required to service two loans rather than one. Any additional administrative costs or burdens resulting therefrom may make the Fund a less attractive lender and may make it more difficult for the Fund to acquire such loans. 

8. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS 
 
 The Fund uses derivative instruments to manage its exposure to interest rates on expected borrowings under its debt facility, as the Fund originates fixed rate loans. 
 
 Interest Rate Collar 
 
 The Fund entered into interest rate collar transactions with Zions Bancorporation, N.A. dba California Bank Trust. Certain information related to the Fund's interest rate collar contracts is presented below: 
 
 Counterparties Effective Date Notional Amount Cap Floor Index Maturity Date Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 06/01/2022 87,000,000 0.86 0.35 USD-SOFR rate 03/18/2024 Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 05/31/2022 50,000,000 1.36 0.42 USD-SOFR rate 06/30/2025 Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 06/01/2022 90,000,000 2.11 0.53 USD-SOFR rate 03/18/2024 
 
 The interest rate collar mitigates the Fund's exposure to interest rate fluctuations on variable rate index of the debt facility. The collar establishes a range where the Fund pays the counterparty if the SOFR rate falls below the established floor rate, and the counterparty will pay the Fund if the SOFR rate exceeds the established cap rate. The interest rate collar settles monthly. 
 
 Interest Rate Swap and Floor 
 
 On February 7, 2019, the Fund entered into an interest rate swap and floor agreement with MUFG Union Bank, N.A. The floor allowed the Fund to match the swap with the terms of the variable rate index of the debt facility. The interest rate swap and floor agreement terminated on December 20, 2021. 

67 

The following table shows the Fund's derivative instruments at fair value on the Fund's Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Derivative Assets Derivative Liabilities Derivative Instruments December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Interest rate collar 10,644,351 962,602 130,697 
 
 The following table shows the effect of the Fund's derivative instruments on the Fund's Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Derivative Instruments Statements of Operations Caption 2022 2021 2020 Interest rate collar Net change in unrealized gain (loss) from derivative instruments 9,812,446 886,648 (54,742) Net realized gain (loss) from derivative instruments 1,891,885 (128,416) (1,574) Interest rate swap and floor Net change in unrealized gain (loss) from derivative instruments 1,199,471 (373,898) Net realized loss from derivative instruments (1,220,269) (959,173) 
 
 The following tables show the Fund's assets and liabilities related to derivatives by counterparty, net of amounts available for offset under the master netting agreement and net of any collateral received or pledged by the Fund for such assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 Counterparties Derivative Asset Subject to Master Netting Agreement Derivatives Available for Offset Non-cash collateral received Cash Collateral Received Net Amount (1) 
 Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 10,644,351 10,644,351 Total 10,644,351 10,644,351 As of December 31, 2021 Counterparties Derivative Asset Subject to Master Netting Agreement Derivatives Available for Offset Non-cash collateral received Cash Collateral Received Net Amount (1) 
 MUFG Union Bank, N.A. 255,356 255,356 Zions Bancorporation, N.A. 707,246 (130,697) 576,549 Total 962,602 (130,697) 831,905 As of December 31, 2021 Counterparty Derivative Liability Subject to Master Netting Agreement Derivatives Available for Offset Non-cash Collateral Pledged Cash Collateral Pledged Net Amount (2) 
 Zions Bancorporation, N.A. (130,697) 130,697 Total (130,697) 130,697 (1) Net amount of derivative assets represents the net amount due from the counterparty to the Fund. 
 (2) Net amount of derivative liabilities represents the net amount owed by the Fund to the counterparty. There were no derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 68 

9. TAX STATUS 
 The Fund has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code and operates in a manner to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. Failing to maintain at least 70 of total assets in qualifying assets will result in the loss of BDC status, resulting in losing its favorable tax treatment as a RIC. As of December 31, 2022, the Fund has met the BDC and RIC requirements. The Fund elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes as a RIC under the Code with the filing of its federal income tax return for 2019. 
 
 In order to qualify for favorable tax treatment as a RIC, the Fund is required to distribute annually to its shareholder at least 90 of its investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code. To avoid federal excise taxes, the Fund must distribute annually at least 98 of its ordinary income and 98.2 of net capital gains from the current year and any undistributed ordinary income and net capital gains from the preceding years. The Fund, at its discretion, may carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year distributions and pay a 4 excise tax on this income. If the Fund chooses to do so, all other things being equal, this would increase expenses and reduce the amount available to be distributed to its shareholder. The Fund will accrue excise tax on estimated undistributed taxable income as required. 
 
 Below are tables summarizing the cost of investments for federal income tax purposes and the appreciation and depreciation of the investments reported on the Schedules of Investments and Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 Asset Cost Unrealized Appreciation Unrealized Depreciation Net Appreciation (Depreciation) Loans 521,905,950 (32,214,285) (32,214,285) Derivative assets 10,644,351 10,644,351 Total 521,905,950 10,644,351 (32,214,285) (21,569,934) There were no derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2021 Asset Cost Unrealized Appreciation Unrealized Depreciation Net Appreciation (Depreciation) Loans 501,909,222 (17,861,578) (17,861,578) Derivative assets 962,602 962,602 Total 501,909,222 962,602 (17,861,578) (16,898,976) As of December 31, 2021 Liability Cost Unrealized Appreciation Unrealized Depreciation Net Appreciation (Depreciation) Derivative liability (130,697) (130,697) Total (130,697) (130,697) 
 
 Dividends from net investment income and distributions from net realized capital gains are determined in accordance with U.S. federal income tax regulations, which may differ from those amounts determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These book/tax differences are either temporary or permanent in nature. To the extent these differences are permanent, they are charged or credited to paid-in-capital or accumulated net realized gain (loss), as appropriate, in the period that the differences arise. Temporary and permanent differences are primarily attributable to differences in the tax treatment of certain loans and the tax characterization of income and non-deductible expenses. These differences are generally determined in conjunction with the preparation of the Fund s annual RIC tax return. 
 
 Book and tax basis differences relating to shareholder dividends and distributions and other permanent book and tax differences are reclassified among the Fund s capital accounts. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no book reclassification of dividends and distributions, and other permanent book and tax differences, among the Fund's capital accounts. In addition, the character of income and gains to be distributed is determined in accordance with income tax regulations that may differ from U.S. GAAP. For income tax purposes, the distributions paid to the shareholder are reported as ordinary income, return of capital, or a combination thereof. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the tax character of distributions paid was ordinary income in the amount of 62.9 million and 69.5 million, and return of capital of 18.9 million and 52.3 million, respectively. 

69 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the components of total distributions on a tax basis were as follows: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Accumulated capital losses (6,418,486) (4,923,311) Other temporary differences (1,091,811) (1,105,931) Distributions in excess of net investment income (109,832,473) (92,372,533) Net unrealized depreciation (21,569,935) (17,029,674) Total distributions (138,912,705) (115,431,449) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Fund had no undistributed earnings. The Fund may pay distributions in excess of its taxable net investment income. This excess would be a tax-free return of capital in the period and reduce the shareholder s tax basis in its shares. 
 
 The Fund s tax returns remain open for examination by the federal government for a period of three years and California tax authorities for a period of four years from when they are filed. As of December 31, 2022, the Fund had no uncertain tax positions and no capital loss carryforwards. 

10. UNEXPIRED UNFUNDED COMMITMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Fund s unexpired unfunded commitments to borrowers totaled 68.1 million and 97.9 million, respectively. Because venture loans are privately negotiated transactions, investments in these assets are relatively illiquid. It is the Manager s experience that not all unexpired unfunded commitments will be used by the borrowers. Many credit agreements contain provisions which are milestone dependent and not all borrowers will achieve these milestones. Additionally, the Fund s credit agreements contain provisions that give relief from funding obligations in the event the borrower has a material adverse change to its financial condition. Therefore, the unexpired unfunded commitments do not necessarily reflect future cash requirements or future investments for the Fund. 
 The tables below are the Fund s unexpired unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Borrower Industry Unexpired Unfunded Commitment as of December 31, 2022 Expiration Date Abacum Inc. Software 3,000,000 12/31/2023 Airspeed, Inc. Other Technology 625,000 03/31/2023 Azumo, Inc. Other Technology 1,000,000 03/31/2023 Bankroll Club, LLC Other Technology 1,000,000 01/31/2023 BlueCart, Inc. Software 500,000 04/30/2023 Bryte, Inc. Other Technology 2,500,000 01/31/2023 Canopy Technology Corp. Software 1,000,000 02/28/2023 CornerUp, Inc. Other Technology 1,000,000 06/30/2023 Creoate Limited Other Technology 500,000 03/31/2023 EasyKnock, Inc. Other Technology 2,500,000 01/31/2023 Fanimal, Inc. Other Technology 625,000 12/31/2023 Form Remodel, Inc. Software 500,000 01/31/2023 FutureProof Technologies, Inc. Software 1,250,000 07/31/2023 Grayce, Inc. Other Healthcare 750,000 03/31/2023 Heading Health Inc. Other Technology 750,000 06/30/2023 Hoken Holdings Inc. Software 625,000 07/31/2023 Holo, Inc. Other Technology 500,000 01/15/2023 iLearningEngines Inc. Technology Services 2,500,000 01/31/2023 Julie Products Inc. Other Healthcare 750,000 06/30/2023 Juvo Mobile, Inc. Wireless 1,000,000 03/31/2023 KBS, Inc. Other Healthcare 500,000 05/30/2023 LendTable Inc. Other Technology 1,500,000 07/31/2023 Literati, Inc. Other Technology 2,500,000 03/31/2023 Logistech Solutions Pte. Ltd. Other Technology 3,500,000 05/31/2023 Miami Labs, Inc. Internet 7,500,000 06/30/2023 Nue Life Health, Inc. Other Technology 2,500,000 01/31/2023 
 70 

Borrower Industry Unexpired Unfunded Commitment as of December 31, 2022 Expiration Date Open Inc. Other Healthcare 500,000 01/31/2023 Overalls, Inc. Software 500,000 03/31/2023 Plant Prefab, Inc. Other Technology 1,500,000 03/31/2023 PlantBaby, inc. Other Technology 125,000 01/31/2023 Platform Science, Inc. Other Technology 5,000,000 09/30/2023 Rise Gardens, Inc. Other Technology 500,000 02/28/2023 Romaine Empire, Inc. Other Technology 3,000,000 04/30/2023 SISU Aesthetics Clinic, Inc. Other Technology 1,500,000 06/30/2023 Snoqualmie, Inc. Other Healthcare 1,750,000 09/15/2023 Supplant, Inc. Other Technology 1,000,000 07/30/2023 TheSquareFoot, Inc. Other Technology 1,200,000 03/31/2023 TLNT Inc. Other Technology 625,000 04/30/2023 Ukko Inc. Biotechnology 2,500,000 03/31/2023 Vinvesto, Inc. Internet 500,000 02/28/2023 Virtuix Holdings, Inc. Other Technology 500,000 05/31/2023 Yuva Biosciences, Inc. Other Healthcare 250,000 07/31/2023 Zimeno Inc. Other Technology 6,250,000 01/29/2023 Total 68,075,000 
 Borrower Industry Unexpired Unfunded Commitment as of December 31, 2021 Expiration Date 10club Pte Ltd. Internet 25,000,000 09/30/2022 Amino, Inc. Software 11,000,000 12/31/2022 Bryte, Inc. Other Technology 2,500,000 01/31/2023 Ceres Imaging, Inc. Other Technology 1,750,000 10/31/2022 Coterie Applications, Inc. Other Technology 5,000,000 01/31/2022 Fakespot, Inc. Other Technology 500,000 01/31/2022 Genomic Prediction, Inc. Biotechnology 1,000,000 03/31/2022 iLearningEngines Inc. Technology Services 7,500,000 07/31/2022 Invert Robotics Group, Ltd. Other Technology 1,000,000 01/31/2022 Kinoo, Inc. Other Technology 1,000,000 04/30/2022 Lacuna Technologies, Inc. Other Technology 2,500,000 07/31/2022 Lassen Peak, Inc. Security 375,000 01/31/2022 Loansnap Holdings Inc. Technology Services 3,750,000 04/30/2022 Luva Inc. Other Technology 500,000 02/28/2022 MASC Inc. Other Technology 1,500,000 07/31/2022 Mavenform, Inc. Other Technology 2,000,000 04/30/2022 Merlin Labs, Inc. Other Technology 1,000,000 03/31/2022 Norbert Health, Inc. Medical Devices 1,000,000 01/31/2022 Phase Four, Inc. Other Technology 1,000,000 04/01/2022 RenoFi, Inc. Internet 6,000,000 10/31/2022 Safe Securities Inc. Software 2,000,000 04/15/2022 SF Insuretech, Inc. Software 5,000,000 03/31/2022 StayTuned Digital, Inc. Software 3,213,732 12/31/2022 Taptap Send, Inc. Other Technology 9,000,000 12/31/2022 Therapydia, Inc. Other Healthcare 1,000,000 04/30/2022 Trucking Jobs Technologies, Inc. Software 610,000 01/31/2022 Usual Beverage Co. Internet 1,000,000 01/31/2022 WorkRails, Inc. Software 250,000 05/31/2022 Total 97,948,732 
 71 

11. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 U.S. GAAP requires disclosure of financial highlights of the Fund for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018. 
 The total rate of return is defined as the return based on the change in value during the period of a theoretical investment made at the beginning of the period. The total rate of return assumes a constant rate of return for the Fund during the period reported and weights each cash flow by the amount of time held in the Fund. This required methodology differs from an internal rate of return. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, the ratios of expenses and net investment income (loss) to average net assets, calculated below, are computed based upon the aggregate weighted average net assets of the Fund for the periods presented. Net investment income (loss) is inclusive of all investment income net of expenses and excludes realized or unrealized gains and losses. 
 
 Beginning and ending net asset values per share are based on the beginning and ending number of shares outstanding. Other per share information is calculated based upon the aggregate weighted average net assets of the Fund for the periods presented. 
 The following per share data and ratios have been derived from the information provided in the financial statements: 
 For the Year Ended For the Year Ended For the Year Ended For the Year Ended For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018 Total return 26.49 33.72 13.87 9.70 160.39 Per share amounts: Net asset value, beginning of year 2,301.94 1,833.27 1,138.32 740.89 (1.59) Net investment income (loss) 644.03 709.50 339.13 118.72 (9.64) Net realized and change in unrealized loss from loans and derivative instruments (60.35) (47.54) (130.01) (41.97) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 583.68 661.96 209.12 76.75 (9.64) Distributions of income to shareholder (629.08) (694.82) (329.25) (94.05) (72.88) Return of capital to shareholder (189.42) (523.47) (134.92) (241.27) Contributions from shareholder 615.00 1,025.00 950.00 656.00 825.00 Net asset value, end of year 2,682.12 2,301.94 1,833.27 1,138.32 740.89 Net assets, end of year 268,212,295 230,193,551 183,326,835 113,832,373 74,088,727 Ratios to average net assets: Expenses 7.95 6.69 8.17 14.78 16.60 Net investment income (loss) 26.17 31.60 22.50 14.70 (2.96) Portfolio turn-over rate 0.38 0.54 Average debt outstanding 264,153,846 206,569,231 109,269,231 61,169,231 6,000,000 
 
 The average debt outstanding is over the period from the establishment of the debt facility, December 20, 2018, through December 31, 2018. 

72 

12. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 
 On March 10, 2023, SVB Financial Group s SVB wholly owned subsidiary, Silicon Valley Bank (the Bank was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and the FDIC was appointed as receiver. The Fund had exposure to this event indirectly through certain of its Portfolio Companies who hold deposits with SVB in excess of the FDIC insured limits, which could impact their ability to repay the Fund and meet other contractual obligations. 
 
 On March 12, 2023, the FDIC in a joint statement with the Federal Reserve and the Department of Treasury announced that all depositors of SVB will be fully protected and were given full access to their funds beginning March 13, 2023. 
 
 Other than the foregoing, the Fund evaluated other subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued and determined that no additional subsequent events had occurred that would require accrual or disclosure in the financial statements. 
 73 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vll910k123122ex311.htm
 VLL9 10K 12.31.22 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David R. Wanek, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Venture Lending & Leasing IX, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 

s David R. Wanek 
 David R. Wanek 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vll910k123122ex312.htm
 VLL9 10K 12.31.22 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jared S. Thear, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Venture Lending & Leasing IX, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 132-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 
 S Jared S. Thear 
 Jared S. Thear 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vll910k123122ex321.htm
 VLL9 10K 12.31.22 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Venture Lending & Leasing IX, Inc. (the Fund on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David R. Wanek, Chief Executive Officer of the Fund, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of 
 operations of the Fund. 

s David R. Wanek 
 David R. Wanek 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 vll910k123122ex322.htm
 VLL9 10K 12.31.22 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Venture Lending & Leasing IX, Inc. (the Fund on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jared S. Thear, Chief Financial Officer of the Fund, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Fund. 

s Jared S. Thear 
 Jared S. Thear 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vll9-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 vll9-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 vll9-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

