<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1836478_0001731122-23-000260.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4358653</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>491605</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>830718</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1060792</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>870697</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>998197</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000260.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223164551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000260
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Avalon Acquisition Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001836478
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				853451075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40872
		FILM NUMBER:		23660452

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 EMBARCADERO CENTER,
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 8
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-423-0010

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 EMBARCADERO CENTER,
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 8
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000260.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 e4400_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,
2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________
to ________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

No 

 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value
 of the Class A common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based upon the closing sale prices of such shares on the
 Nasdaq Global Market on June 30, 2022) was approximately .
 For purposes of calculating the aggregate market value of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates, we have assumed that all
 outstanding Class A common stock are held by non-affiliates, except for the Class A common stock held by each of our executive
 officers and directors. We deemed our 5 or greater stockholders to be non-affiliates under our facts and circumstances which would
 indicate that such stockholders do not exercise any control over our company or hold 10 or more of our outstanding Class A common
 stock. These assumptions should not be deemed to constitute an admission that all executive officers, directors, and 5 or greater
 stockholders are, in fact, affiliates of our company, or that there are not other persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of our
 company. Further information concerning shareholdings of our executive officers, directors, and principal stockholders is included
 in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

As of February 23, 2023, there were shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

AVALON ACQUISITION INC. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended
December 31, 2022 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 24 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 66 

Item 2. Properties 
 66 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 66 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 66 

PART II 
 67 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 67 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 68 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 68 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 75 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 75 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 75 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 75 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 76 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 76 

PART III 
 77 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 77 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 87 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 88 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 89 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 91 

PART IV 
 92 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 92 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 93 

Signatures 
 94 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock; 

completion window is the time period for which we have to complete a proposed business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the 15 month period from the closing of our initial public offering, we may, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account equaled to 0.10 per unit for each three-month extension . 

equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock issued in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to, a private placement of equity or debt; 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the shares of our Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of our Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of our Class A common stock will not be public shares 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management or management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public warrants are to warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

certificate of incorporation are to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of our company, which has been in effect since the completion of our initial public offering; 

representative shares are to 155,250 shares of Class A common stock that were issued to the underwriter and/or its designees, upon the consummation of our initial public offering; 

sponsor are to Avalon Acquisition Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, controlled by Donald H. Putnam and S. Craig Cognetti, and references to the experience of our sponsor include the experience of our officers and directors; and 

we, us, company or Avalon are to Avalon Acquisition Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in
United States Dollars. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, 
which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections, concerning our business, operations, and financial
performance and condition as well as our plans, objectives, and expectations for business operations and financial performance
and condition . The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes,
beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts, or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, 
 predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking
statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in
this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

our ability to select an appropriate partner business or businesses; 

ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective partner business or businesses; 

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees, or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause
actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results
may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as may be required
under applicable securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously
disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

iii 

part
I 

Item 1. Business. 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on October 12, 2020 as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer
to herein as our initial business combination. We have generated no operating revenues to date, and we do not expect that we will
generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial business combination. 

While we may pursue targets
in any industry, we are focused on sub-sectors of the financial services industry that are being transformed by new technology
and demographic shifts. Many other industries have been transformed by technology entertainment, telecommunications, retail,
and web-based business services having led the pack but financial services has been slow to adapt. In recent years the
pace has quickened, in part because new entrants have carved out initial market share in lending, trading, payments, research,
and ETFs, especially with new generations who have an aversion to traditional business formats. 

Our team has decades of
experience with the forces and actors who are reshaping financial services. We believe the disruption of financial services will
accelerate under pressure from inexorable shifts in consumer preferences and the ever-escalating cost of legacy technology. We
foresee that emerging companies will gain significant economic value at the expense of existing players, forcing today s
market share leaders to divest, reorganize, and acquire to survive. 

Financial services, while
highly regulated, is more dynamic and competitive than many regulated industries, perhaps because there are so many overlapping
regulatory authorities. Understanding regulatory issues is a strength of our team and is crucial to assessing the opportunities
and barriers of target companies. Likewise, our team has decades of experience with C-suite executives in financial services and
their strategies. Beyond the value of these contacts in deal sourcing and underwriting, our team is able to advise target companies
on strategic organizational and financial matters. 

It is our view that the
successful businesses for the decades to come will be characterized by swift top-line growth, powerful strategic vision, strong
management team, and enduring competitive edge delivered through technology and non-traditional business models. While we view
the potential for significant profits as essential, we recognize that during periods of great opportunity, it may be wise to defer
cash flow in favor of market share and revenue growth. 

Proposed Business Combination with The Beneficient
Company Group, L.P. 

 On September 21, 2022, we entered
into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with The Beneficient Company Group, L.P. and
certain other affiliated entities (some to be formed), pursuant to which, among other things, we will merge with and into a newly formed
subsidiary and we will be renamed Beneficient. Refer to Note 1 Description of Organization and Business Operations
to our financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information regarding our proposed business combination
with The Beneficient Company Group, L.P. 

1 

Business Strategy 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as our initial
business combination. We have initiated discussions with potential targets regarding entering into a business combination with
us. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic location, we are focusing our search
on financial services sectors that are undergoing radical change as a result of demographic shifts, changing consumer preferences,
technological disruption, and other innovative forces. 

Many industries have been
transformed by technology entertainment, telecommunications, retail, and web-based services having led the pack 
but financial services sector has been slow to adapt. According to Microsoft, by 2025, as many as 95 percent of all customer interactions
may be through channels supported by artificial intelligence (AI) technology. Artificial intelligence, machine learning, and cloud
computing are having a profound impact on how financial products are manufactured, managed and delivered to clients. These technologies
are increasingly part of non-core functions, trading, compliance, risk management, accounting etc. In recent years we believe that
the pace of technological change has picked up, in part because key elements of the financial services supply chain have been gutted
(trading, research, active portfolio management, etc.) and in part because new generations have an aversion to traditional business
formats. 

2 

Our team has experience with and
focuses primarily on companies within the following sectors that are using technology and innovation to disrupt the market and technology
companies serving these sub-sectors: 
 Traditional 
Alternative Asset Management According to Boston Consulting Group, the global asset management industry grew to 112 trillion
in assets under management in 2021, up 12 from 100 trillion in 2020. Technology is reshaping how products are created, managed and delivered.
Companies are under pressure to consolidate for scale and increase the use of technology to protect historically strong margins. An asset
management platform with an aggressive technology strategy would be well-positioned to capitalize on the sector consolidation. 

Wealth Management
 Financial Wellness Tools Technology is reshaping the supply chain from financial market to families. More and
more, clients seek better alignment, instantaneous mobile communication, and low cost or free access to markets. 

Millennials
are driving technological change in the way advisors connect with clients, how accounts are managed, and how risks and taxes are
handled. There is more demand for liability management as part of the financial advice. We are well positioned to identify companies
that are able to meet the challenges, either new players with an enduring edge in technology or marketing/pricing, or traditional
companies able to consolidate this fragmented sub-sector. 

Consumer-Facing
Companies Reinventing the Supply Chain Younger generations expect virtual interfaces and are now starting the
wealth accumulation phase of life. It is estimated that approximately 60 of consumers want to transact with financial institutions
that provide a single platform, such as social media or mobile banking apps. Millennials are driving the growth of digital banks
 seven of which are believed to have already surpassed one million accounts robo-advisors and other personal finance
apps. Personal budgeting apps get approximately 70 of their user base from the millennial generation. 

Specialty
 Peer to Peer Lending Peer-to-peer lending disrupted the traditional banking model with direct access to investment
opportunities at higher yields for investors and access to lower cost loans for borrowers. We believe this led to multiple platforms
addressing different parts of the markets as well as tools and technology to service this new industry. The industry will continue
to grow with the biggest platforms expanding the breadth of products and services. 

 Alternative Data and Information
Services The growth of technology has led to alternative forms of data used in the investment and underwriting processes ranging
from social media and consumer data to satellite imaging. According to Grand View Research, the global alternative data market size was
valued at 4.45 billion in 2022 and has an expected CAGR from 2023-2030 of 52.1 . More than half of hedge fund managers are using alternative
data. 

ESG Data,
 Analytics and Platforms Consumers are demanding environmental social and governance (ESG) compliance in their portfolio
 and sustainability compliance across many consumer purchases. According to PwC, asset managers globally are expected to increase
 their ESG-related AuM to 33.9 trillion by 2026, up from 18.4 trillion in 2021. ESG assets are on pace to constitute 21.5 of total
 global AuM in less than 5 years. We believe this is creating demands for new sets of data, new scoring and compliance tools, and new
 investment markets, such as clean energy, carbon credits and other sustainable products. 

Private Market
Data and Platforms Private markets have grown significantly as investors look for diversification in their portfolios.
Firms that started out providing liquidity to employees of tech unicorns, or peer to peer investment opportunities, are evolving
to marketplaces for investors. These markets are increasingly using technology to provide more transparency, standardization and
liquidity to investors. 

InsurTech
 Insurance companies have been amongst slowest adopters of new technology. This has increased in recent years as more
direct to consumer platforms have focused on different types of insurance. Technology will change the entire supply chain and underwriting
process. We believe that there will be more direct to consumer opportunities, better products for advisors and a more robust underwriting
process delivered by artificial intelligence and machine learning. 

3 

Financial
Management Systems Technological change is reshaping the supply chains that underpin financial services. Legacy systems
and legacy methods impair the ability to meet new markets. This has fueled increased investment into new fintech companies that
cover non-core functions, such as payroll, expenses tracking, trade settlement and custody, accounting, trading, etc. 

Payments 
Non-cash payments are changing the financial services landscape. There are estimates that the use of mobile payments is set to continue
its rise with a compound annual growth rate of 24 between 2021 and 2025, forecasting a large increase from 1.4 trillion in 2020. This
creates opportunity for innovation in platforms, currencies, tools, data, and lending. 

We believe that emerging companies
will gain significant economic value at the expense of existing players, and existing players will divest and reorganize to survive. Financial
services, while highly regulated, is more dynamic and competitive than other regulated industries, perhaps because there are many overlapping
regulatory authorities and no global regulatory framework. Understanding regulatory issues is a particular strength of our team and will
be crucial to assessing the opportunities and barriers at target companies. 

Our business strategy is
to leverage our backgrounds, relationships and contacts to identify, evaluate and complete an initial business combination with
a company that we believe exhibits unrecognized value, including as a platform for consolidation. We believe that our extensive
experience in both investing and operating businesses in this industry has culminated in a unique set of capabilities that will
be utilized in generating stockholder returns. 

Over the course of their
careers managing, advising and investing in financial services companies, members of our team have developed an extensive network
of contacts and relationships which we believe provides us with a substantial source of acquisition opportunities. In addition
to any potential business candidates we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target business candidates will be brought
to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business
enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. 

Our Acquisition Criteria 

It is our view that the
successful businesses for the next decade will be characterized by recent top-line growth, powerful strategic vision, strong management
team, and enduring competitive edge delivered through technology or an innovative non-traditional business model. We view the potential
for significant profits as essential, while recognizing that market share and revenue growth may impinge upon cash flow during
periods of great opportunity. 

The attractive characteristics
of the financial services industry include large industry with attractive long-term growth, high margins, recurring revenue, high
barriers to entry and high returns on equity. Recent challenges in the environment (regulatory, demographic, and technological)
and in the competitive landscape (the rapid growth of new challengers) will divide the industry into the next decade s losers
and winners. The losers tend to have large market share, but not all market share holders are laggards and many of the next-decade
winners are only a decade old. 

Consistent with our business
strategy and decades of operating and investing experience, we have identified general criteria and guidelines to evaluate prospective
target businesses. We use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into
our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines: 

4 

Fundamentally sound and could benefit from being a publicly traded company; 

Strong, experienced management team in place, or representing a platform to assemble an effective management team with a track record of driving innovation, growth and profitability; 

Leading edge technology, innovative business strategy or differentiated products and services that create a sustainable competitive advantage; 

Strong customer and brand loyalty demonstrated by repeat clients and recurring revenue; 

Poised for significant revenue and profitability growth through execution of its business plan and application of innovative technology or potential for inorganic growth through transformative acquisitions and a sustainable M A strategy; 

If an earlier-stage company, exhibits the potential to change the industries in which it participates, and offers the potential of sustained high levels of revenue growth with an articulated path to profitability; or 

Unrecognized value that can be unlocked through a partnership with our team and network. 

All of these positive criteria
can be offset by business risks. We will undertake detailed due diligence investigation of potential candidates. In addition, we
will seek to satisfy ourselves, with the aid of outside advisors, that the target business unit will benefit from a combination,
and is prepared for the challenges of public listing and can benefit from access to broader capital markets. 

Likewise, our team has decades
of experience with C-suite executives in financial services and the strategies they have implemented. We seek to effectively employ
our team s industry skills and experience as well as their extensive personal network to add substantial value to any acquired
company. We anticipate offering the following benefits to our business combination partner: 

Appropriate long-term equity architecture; 

Advice on corporate governance structures as the company transforms to a public company; 

Potential for our team to retain board positions and provide on-going advice on strategic, financial and operational matters; 

Access to our network for additional executive support or to fill-out the management team; 

Support for M A activities, capital raising and financial structuring; 

Increased company profile and improved credibility with investors, customers, suppliers and other key stakeholders; 

Higher level of engagement with core, relevant, fundamental investors as anchor stockholders than what a traditional IPO book-building process offers; 

Lower risk and expedited path to a public listing with flexible structuring; 

Infusion of cash and ongoing access to public capital markets; 

Listed public currency for future acquisitions and growth; 

Ability for management team to retain control and focus on growing the business; and 

Opportunity to motivate and retain employees using stock-based compensation. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent
relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our management may deem relevant.
In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above
criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed herein, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or
tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC. 

5 

In addition to any potential
business candidates we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target business candidates will be brought to our attention
from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds, and large business enterprises
seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. 

Our Competitive Advantage 

Our team is spearheaded
by our Executive Chairman, Donald H. Putnam, our Chief Executive Officer, S. Craig Cognetti, and our President, John Griff. Mr.
Putnam has over 40 years of experience in the financial services industry, including investment banking, private investments, and
M A advisory, founding Grail Partners LLC in 2005 and Putnam Lovell Securities in 1987 prior to its sale to National Bank of
Canada in 2002. Mr. Cognetti has over 20 years of experience in financial services. Mr. Cognetti joined Grail Partners LLC in 2006
and has led M A assignments and Grail Partners investing activities. Mr. Cognetti was previously involved in corporate
M A and private equity investing at Mellon Financial. Mr. Griff has had a 40-year career in financial services that spanned
capital markets, investment banking and asset management at firms including Gleacher Company, LNR Property Corporation, Putnam
Lovell Securities and HSBC Securities (USA), Inc. 

Our team has decades of
experience with the forces and actors who are reshaping financial services. We believe the disruption of financial services will
accelerate under pressure from inexorable shifts in consumer preferences and the ever-escalating cost of legacy technology. We
foresee that emerging companies will gain significant economic value at the expense of existing players, forcing today s
market share leaders to divest, reorganize, and acquire to survive. 

Financial services, while
highly regulated, is more dynamic and competitive than many regulated industries, perhaps because there are so many overlapping
regulatory authorities. We believe that understanding and managing regulatory issues is a strength of our team, and will be crucial
to assessing the opportunities and barriers of target companies. Likewise, our team has decades of experience with C-suite executives
in financial services and their strategies. Beyond the value of these contacts in deal sourcing and underwriting, our team is able
to advise target companies on strategic organizational and financial matters. 

Our Management Team 

Donald H. Putnam has been
our Executive Chairman since October 12, 2020. Mr. Putnam founded Grail Partners LLC, a private investment and M A advisory
firm focused on financial services, in 2005. Prior to founding Grail Partners LLC, he founded and led Putnam Lovell Securities,
an investment bank/broker-dealer, as its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. From 1987 to 2005 he led Putnam Lovell s
firm s investment banking business, completing over 100 transactions. In 2002, Putnam Lovell was bought by National Bank
of Canada. 

6 

S. Craig Cognetti, CFA,
has served as our Chief Executive Officer since October 12, 2020. Mr. Cognetti leads the principal investing practice at Grail
Partners LLC. Prior to joining Grail Partners LLC in 2006, Mr. Cognetti was with Chelsey Capital, a New York City-based alternative
investment firm. Before that, he was an officer at Mellon Ventures, the 1.4 billion private equity division of Mellon Financial.
Previously, Craig served in the Corporate Strategy and Development group at Mellon Financial. 

John Griff has served as
our President since October 12, 2020. Mr. Griff s 40-year financial services career has spanned capital markets, investment
banking and asset management. Most recently, he was the President of Manifold Partners LLC, an artificial intelligence hedge fund
manager. Previously, he served as COO of publicly held Gleacher Company, an investment bank, Strategic Advisor to the CEO
at LNR Property Corporation, President of Putnam Lovell, an investment bank specializing in the financial services sector, CEO
of HSBC Securities (USA), Inc. and senior roles at NationsBanc, Lehman Brothers, and Merrill Lynch. 

R. Rachel Hsu has served
as our CFO since October 12, 2020. Ms. Hsu joined Grail Partners LLC and Manifold Partners LLC as CFO in 2019. Previously, she
spent six years at Hall Capital Partners LLC, a private investment advisory firm to ultra-high-net-worth families and individuals.
Prior to Hall Capital, Rachel served as the controller at Putnam Lovell Securities, an investment bank specializing in financial
services. She began her accounting career at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 

Advisors 

We intend to leverage the
capabilities of our advisors to assist us with the sourcing and evaluation of potential acquisition candidates. We believe the
relationships, experience and expertise of these advisors will provide us with additional access and insight into potential target
companies. However, our advisors are not executive officers of our company and have no written advisory agreement with us, nor
do they have any other employment arrangements with us. Moreover, our advisors are not under any fiduciary obligation to us, nor
do they perform board or committee functions, nor do they have any voting or decision-making capacity on our behalf. Our advisors
are not required to devote any specific amount of time to our efforts or be subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our
board members are subject. Accordingly, if our advisors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
any of the entities to which they have fiduciary or contractual obligations, they are expected to honor their fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the
opportunity. We may modify or expand our roster of advisors as we source potential business combination targets or create value
in businesses that we may acquire. 

Frederick Grauer, Senior
Advisor. Mr. Grauer is currently a Senior Advisor to and member of the Boards of Directors of Course Hero and Credit Sesame, a
trustee of the Mountain View Funds of American Century Investments, and member of the board of advisors of the Stanford Institute
of Economic Policy Research. Mr. Grauer has over 40 years of operating and investment experience in financial services. Mr. Grauer
was chairman and chief executive officer of Barclays Global Investors and its predecessors from 1983 to 1998 and a member of the
management committee of Barclays Group. Mr. Grauer pioneered quantitative asset management and index funds. After leaving BGI,
Mr. Grauer became a general partner of Angel Investors, L.P., a venture capital fund, where he led investments in over 250 companies
including Google, PayPal, and Ask Jeeves. Previous to Barclays, Mr. Grauer held senior roles at Wells Fargo, including executive
vice president and head of its funding group and CEO of Wells Fargo Investment Advisors. 

Churchill G. Franklin, Senior
Advisor. In March 2020, Mr. Franklin retired as Chairman of Acadian Asset Management, LLC which he co-founded with Gary L. Bergstrom
in May 1986. Mr. Franklin managed and led the firm through many stages of growth to the 100 billion firm it is today. During that
34 year run, Mr. Franklin served in many different roles, including Head of Distribution, Head of Client Service and Marketing,
Chief Operating Officer, CEO from 2013-2017, and finally retiring in 2020 after serving as Chairman from 2018 to 2020. A graduate
of Middlebury College, Mr. Franklin is an Emeritus Trustee of Middlebury having served the maximum tenure of 15 years as an active
board member. He has served on or led most committees including the investment committee for the College s 1 billion endowment
and was board chair from 2000 to 2004. In May 2008 he received an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters degree from Middlebury.
Mr. Franklin is the CEO and founder of Cornwall Cattle Company, a true grass-fed beef farming operation in Cornwall, Vermont running
currently around 500 head of Black Angus cattle. He is also the CEO of Bread Loaf View Farm, an award-winning maker of Bread Loaf
View Farm maple syrup, also of Cornwall, Vermont. 

7 

Past performance of our
officers and directors and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee either of (i) the ability to successfully identify a
suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) success with respect to a business combination that may be completed.
You should not rely on the historical record of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates as indicative of our
future performance. See Risk Factors Past performance by our sponsor, our officers and directors or their respective
affiliates, including the businesses referred to herein, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or
in the future performance of any business that we may acquire. For a list of our executive officers and directors and entities
for which a conflict of interest may or does exist between such officers and the company, please refer to Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. 

Certain of our officers
and directors may have fiduciary and contractual obligations to certain companies in which those companies have invested. As a
result, certain of our officers and directors may have a duty to offer acquisition opportunities to companies for which they are
officers or directors, as applicable, before we can pursue such opportunities. 

However, we do not expect
these duties to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for an initial business combination. In addition, our
officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time to our affairs, but they intend to devote as much
of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time
that any member of our management team devotes in any time period varies based on whether a target business has been selected for
our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. Accordingly, our officers and directors
may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential
business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

We believe our management
team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies provide us with a substantial number of potential
business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network
of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team
sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target
management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market
conditions. 

Initial Business Combination 

In accordance with the rules
of the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair
market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (net of taxes payable and excluding the amount of any
deferred underwriting discounts) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination.
If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to satisfaction of such criteria. Our stockholders
may not be provided with a copy of such opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. We do not currently intend to purchase
multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination, although there is no assurance
that will be the case. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying
and selecting one or more prospective businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination
with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

8 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders shares will own or acquire
100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets
of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team
or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the
target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities
of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue
a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock,
shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However,
as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination
could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than
100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets
test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for
purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

To the extent we effect
our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development
or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to
evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all
significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and
other information which will be made available to us. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this
process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and
evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result
in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Status as a Public Company 

 As an existing public company,
we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with
us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock,
shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination
of our Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target
businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public
offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination
transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions,
that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination
is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could
have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional
means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for
acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers
and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

9 

While we believe that our
structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses
may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval
of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible
to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved, If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
 emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of
our public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to
be a large accelerated filer, which means the Market Value of our Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates equals or
exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible
debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will
remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our Class A common stock
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual
revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Class A common stock held
by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

Financial Position 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had approximately 212,031,000 held in the trust account, not taking into account 7,245,000 of deferred underwriting fees,
which will be paid from the trust account upon the completion of a business combination. With the funds available, we offer a target
business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and
expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our
initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility
to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its
needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be
available to us. 

Effecting our Initial Business Combination

We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, the private placements of the private
placement warrants, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination.
We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its
early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

10 

If our initial business
combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment
of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common
shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may need to obtain additional
financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from
the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon
completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial
business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising
any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Our process of identifying
acquisition targets will leverage our sponsor and our management team s industry experiences, proven deal sourcing capabilities
and broad and deep network of relationships in numerous industries, including executives and management teams, private equity groups
and other institutional investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment market participants,
restructuring advisers, consultants, attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination
opportunities. We expect that the collective experience, capability and network of our sponsor, our directors and officers, our
advisors, combined with their individual and collective reputations in the investment community, will help to create prospective
business combination opportunities. 

In addition, target business
candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment
funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through
calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited
basis, since many of these sources will have read our filings and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers
and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware
through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending
trade shows or conventions. 

We also expect to receive
a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business
relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms
or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals
in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s
length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines
that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on
an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of
finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds
held in the trust account. In no event, however, will either of our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any
entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior
to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of
the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target
in connection with a contemplated acquisition of such target by us. 

11 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors
or from making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our
sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Each of our officers and
directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, or contractual obligations to other entities,
including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present
a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity,
subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. See Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
Conflict of Interest. 

Our sponsor is not controlled
by, and does not have substantial ties with, non-U.S. persons, and 100 of the ownership interest of our sponsor is held by U.S.
persons. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring
of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq listing rules require
that our initial business combination occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value of at least
80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the agreement to enter
into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors
based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash
flow and/or book value). Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will
have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial
degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the
fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection
with any proposed transaction will provide stockholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well
as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to determine independently the fair market value of the target business
or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. 

While we consider it unlikely
that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a partner business or businesses,
it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the partner company s business, there is a significant
amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage
of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized
skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion,
if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the partner business meets the 80 of net assets test, unless such
opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a partner business or the consideration to be provided, it is
not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our stockholders. However, if required under applicable law,
any proxy statement that we deliver to stockholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include
such opinion. 

To the extent we effect
our business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the
risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which will encompass, among other things, meetings with
incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well
as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move
forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this
process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and
evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The
company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services
rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. 

12 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period
of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future
performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple
entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our
lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we intend to closely
scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination
with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future
management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role
of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our
initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience
or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as
to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you
that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge
or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to
Approve our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our certificate of incorporation.
However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek
stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. 

Under the Nasdaq s
listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our shares of common stock then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers, or substantial stockholders (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

13 

The decision as to whether
we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required
by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of
factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; 

the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors, or their affiliates may purchase
shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used
to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases
when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited
by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

Such a purchase may include
a contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial
owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. Subsequent to the consummation of our initial public
offering, we adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to (1) refrain from purchasing securities during certain
blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (2) clear certain trades prior to execution.
We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent
upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our
insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. In the event
that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public
stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke
their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender
offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules
under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to
such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The purpose of any such
purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of
obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target
that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where
it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval
in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial
business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

14 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of
our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their
affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption
requests submitted by stockholders (in the case of our Class A common stock) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection
with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter
into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election
to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not
such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not
already been voted at the stockholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors,
advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number
of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be
made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for
manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must
be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
will not make purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases
will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting
requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders
upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business
combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated
as of two business days prior to the completion of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately
 10.15 per public share. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.15 per share upon our liquidation.
 See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.15 per share and other risk factors below. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
we will pay to the underwriter. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself
in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination
with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have entered into letter agreements
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public
shares in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment
to our certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination
within the completion window. 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our certificate of incorporation
provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination
may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working
capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms
of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A
common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms
of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination
or redeem any shares, and all Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

15 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares of Class A common stock upon the completion
of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business
combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial
business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of
factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval
under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically
require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue
more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require
stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder
approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination.
We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval
is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal
reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 

If we held a stockholder
vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide
our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval,
unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation, or stock exchange rules, we will complete our initial business combination
only if the outstanding shares representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of our company
present in person or by proxy at such meeting are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting
will consist of the holder present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of our company representing a majority
of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of our company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial
stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the terms of letter agreements entered into with us, our sponsor and
members of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased in favor of our initial
business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes
will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to
our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need 8,100,428, or 39.1 , of the 20,700,000 public shares sold in our
public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved.
These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will
complete our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether
they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting
held to approve the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team, have entered
into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares and public shares in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve
an amendment to our certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not completed an initial
business combination within the completion window. 

16 

If, however, stockholder
approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval
for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase
Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5
under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct
redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance
with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the
expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more
than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to
purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions
of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating
to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid
to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes
or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In
the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of our Class A common stock that are validly
submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all
shares of our Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to the Excess
Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts
by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to
force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public
offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor, or
our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders 
ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will
limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business
combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we
have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote
all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

17 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection
with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

Public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be
required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically
using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each
case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must
identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our
tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the initial vote on the business
combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption
rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of
a stockholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote.
However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing
additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short
period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost
associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC
System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker
whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we
require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising
redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business
combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business
combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would
contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder
then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the
price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her
shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption
rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights
surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement
for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming stockholder s election to redeem is irrevocable
once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business
combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection
with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights,
such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated
that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after
the completion of our initial business combination. 

18 

If our initial business
combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption
rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will
promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed
business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until
the completion window. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed that we will have only the completion window to complete our initial business combination. If we have not
completed an initial business combination within the completion window, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to
provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination within
the completion window. 

Our sponsor, directors,
and each member of our management team have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete an initial business
combination within the completion window. However, if our sponsor, director, or members of our management team acquire public shares,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we do not complete
an initial business combination within the completion window. 

Our sponsor, executive officers
and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our certificate
of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the completion
window or with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity,
unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not
subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an
excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the
amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval
of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. 

We expect that all costs
and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts
remaining out of the approximately 1,131,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the
trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for
such purpose. 

19 

If we were to expend all
of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited
in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.15. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could,
however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders.
We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.15.
Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision
for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before
we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure
you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

 Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even
if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited
to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the
trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Maxim
will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that
such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
have not completed an initial business combination within the completion window, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection
with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may
be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor
has agreed that they will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us
(other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering
into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and (ii) the
actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.15 per
share, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if
any, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver
of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the
initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver
is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether
our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held
in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.15 per share, due to reductions in
the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, and our sponsor
assert that they are unable to satisfy their indemnification obligations or that they have no indemnification obligations related
to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce their
indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against
our sponsor to enforce their indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors
the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.15 per share. 

20 

We have sought to reduce
the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of
the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to
up to approximately 1,131,000 from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants
with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently
estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate, and it is subsequently determined that the
reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for
claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by
any such stockholder. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the
event we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure
that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims
can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect
to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination within the completion window, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances
that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be
six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we do not
complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account that may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each
case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly,
it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 18 th month (or up to 21 st 
month) and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any
claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the
third anniversary of such date. 

21 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide
for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10
years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching
for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment
bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement,
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account.
As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any
claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the
extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such
lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions
in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy
or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate
and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.15 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally,
if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is
not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or
insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself
and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims
of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders
will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do
not complete an initial business combination within the completion window, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend
our certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within
the completion window or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock,
or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public stockholders
who redeem their shares of our Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding
sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination
or liquidation if we have not completed an initial business combination within, with respect to such shares of our Class A common
stock so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in
connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable
pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions
of our certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder
vote. 

22 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities
having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout
funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and
have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these
competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses
will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition
of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption
rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future
dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting
firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into
a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.15 per public share or (2) such lesser
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third
party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriter of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and,
therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

Employees 

We currently have three
executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to
devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The
amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information

We have registered our units,
Class A common stock, and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file
annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports
will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements
may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements
may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements
in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition
candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target
business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that
these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of
potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

23 

We are required to evaluate our
internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required
to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible
to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or to provide a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional
information about the audit and the financial statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of
our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
 emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of
our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the Market Value of the shares of our Class A common stock that are held by
non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0
billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will
remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our Class A common stock
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual
revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Class A common stock held
by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation,
arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as
such. 

Available Information 

Additional information about us
is available on our corporate website at www.AvalonSPAC.com. Our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Our
business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. You should carefully consider these risks, in addition
to the other information contained in this Report, including our financial statements and related notes and the section of this
Report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The occurrence
of any of the events or developments described in the following risk factors and the risks described elsewhere in this Report could
harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our securities. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations.
This Report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of factors that are described in the following risk factors
and the risks described elsewhere in this Report. 

24 

Summary Risk Factors 

We are a recently formed
company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we
will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you
should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company.
Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled Risk Factors 
immediately following this summary. These risks include, among others, the following: 

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Past performance by our management team and advisers on whom we are dependent may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any business we may acquire. 

Our search for a business combination may be materially adversely affected by the recent COVID-19 pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

Certain requirements and terms may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete such a business combination, make it difficult for us to enter into our initial business combination with a target or may not allow us to consummate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, and your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

We may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within the required time period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss. 

Certain actions, such as a bankruptcy, could result in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 

Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our sponsor will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait up to 21 months or longer before redemption from our trust account. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have conflicts of interests that could, as applicable, affect the amount of time allocated to our company, impact the business opportunities presented to us, or raise competitive financial interests or affiliations with one or more of target businesses. 

Management s flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with our management s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our stockholders. 

25 

We may issue additional shares of our Class A common stock or preferred stock or incur substantial debt in connection with our initial business combination, which could dilute your interests, adversely affect our financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Holders of warrants will not participate in liquidating distributions if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period, and the warrants will expire worthless. 

Our management s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares of common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. 

We may redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to the warrant holders. 

Our initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Purchases of our units by our initial stockholders will reduce the public float for our securities. 

We face certain risks if we acquire or operate a business outside of the United States. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation
of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

We are a blank check company with no
operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a blank check company
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until we consummate
our initial business combination. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to
achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans,
arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete
our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating
revenues. 

26 

We are dependent upon our executive
officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors.
We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our
initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount
of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities,
including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement
with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services
of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our search for
a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely
affected by the recent COVID-19 pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a
widespread health crisis that has and may continue to materially and adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide,
and the operations and financial position of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could
be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating
to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, if the target company s personnel,
vendors and service providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner, or if COVID-19 causes
a prolonged economic downturn or disruption to markets. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business
combination or our ability to successfully consummate a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly
uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or
other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or
the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which
may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market
liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

The requirement that the target business
or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in the
trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination
may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete such a business combination. 

Nasdaq
rules and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation require that the target business or businesses that we acquire
must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any
taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction may
limit the type and number of companies that we may complete a business combination with. If we are unable to locate a target business
or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive
your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account, which may be less than 10.15 per share. 

Our public stockholders may not be
afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may consummate our initial business combination
even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

If a stockholder vote
is not required, we may conduct redemptions via a tender offer. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination
even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve the business combination. 

27 

Your only opportunity to affect the
investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares
from us for cash. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one
or more target businesses. Because our board of directors may consummate our initial business combination without seeking stockholder
approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, your only
opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our
public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of
our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
of how our public stockholders vote. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our initial stockholders own, on an as-converted basis, 19.8 of our outstanding common stock.
Our initial stockholders also may from time to time purchase public shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination, such
initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting,
including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need 8,100,428,
or 39.1 , (assuming all outstanding shares are voted), of the 20,700,000 public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business
combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase
the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders
to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which
may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into
a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to
meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event
will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such
redemptions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules), or any greater net tangible asset
or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting
all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount
necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business
combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and,
thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of a large number of
our stockholders to exercise redemption rights may not allow us to consummate the most desirable business combination or optimize
our capital structure. 

In
connection with the successful consummation of our initial business combination, we may redeem up to that number of shares of common
stock that would permit us to maintain net tangible assets of 5,000,001. If our initial business combination requires us to use
substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, the redemption threshold may be further limited. Alternatively, we may
need to arrange third party financing to help fund our initial business combination in case a larger percentage of stockholders
exercise their redemption rights than we expect. If the acquisition involves the issuance of our shares as consideration, we may
be required to issue a higher percentage of our shares to the target or its stockholders to make up for the failure to satisfy
a minimum cash requirement. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring
indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination
available to us. 

28 

The requirement that we maintain
a minimum net worth or retain a certain amount of cash could increase the probability that we cannot consummate our initial business
combination and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If,
pursuant to the terms of our proposed business combination, we are required to maintain a minimum net worth or retain a certain
amount of cash in trust in order to consummate the business combination and regardless of whether we proceed with redemptions under
the tender offer or proxy rules, the probability that we cannot consummate our initial business combination is increased. If we
do not consummate our initial business combination, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate.
If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our
shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount in our trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss
on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to
sell your shares in the open market. 

The requirement
that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window may give potential target businesses leverage over
us in negotiating our initial business combination. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning our initial business combination will be aware that
we must consummate our initial business combination within the completion window. Consequently, such target businesses may obtain
leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination
with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This
risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence
and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to consummate
our initial business combination within the completion window, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We may not be able to
find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within the completion window. Our ability to complete
our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets
and the other risks described herein. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period,
we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses
and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public s hares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii)
and (iii), to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

29 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive
targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target
or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In recent years, the number
of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special
purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose
acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources
to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there
are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the
competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies
to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or
operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability
to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination
on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business
combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into
an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights,
and, therefore, we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to
pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash
in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares
is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion
of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may
involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may
limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount
of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection
with an initial business combination and such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration
in an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption
rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue
to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

30 

The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business
combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to
have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased.
If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we
liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market;
however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation,
you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until
we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete an initial
business combination within the completion window may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business
combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular,
as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms
that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business
with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete an initial business
combination within the completion window. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business
combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be
unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe
described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to complete an initial
business combination within the required time period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.15 per share,
or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination within the completion window. We may not be able
to find a suitable target business and complete an initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete
our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets
and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed an initial business combination within such time period, we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay
our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right
to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. In such case, our public stockholders may receive only 10.15 per share, or less than 10.15 per share, on the redemption
of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.15
per share and other risk factors herein. 

31 

The recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic
and the impact on business and debt and equity markets could have a material adverse effect on our search for a business combination,
and any target business with which we ultimately complete a business combination. 

In December 2019, a novel
strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout
China and other parts of the world, including the United States and Europe. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization
declared the outbreak of the coronavirus a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020,
U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S.
healthcare community in responding to the coronavirus, and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak
as a pandemic. A significant outbreak of the coronavirus and other infectious diseases could result in a widespread
health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of
commerce generally and could have a material adverse effect on the business of any potential target business with which we complete
a business combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to the
coronavirus restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel,
vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and complete a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which
the coronavirus impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and
cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus pandemic and the actions
to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by the coronavirus or other matters of global
concern continue for an extensive period of time, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to complete a business
combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately complete a business combination. In addition, our
ability to complete a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing and the coronavirus pandemic
and other related events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise adequate financing. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors, or any of their affiliates may
elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination
and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase
public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination, where otherwise permissible under applicable laws, rules and regulations, although they are
under no obligation to do so. Any such price per share may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive
if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to
our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information),
our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to
provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or
not redeem their public shares. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions
to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in
the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such a purchase may include a
contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner
thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our initial stockholders, directors, executive
officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who
have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections
to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination
and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition
in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial
business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public
warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the
warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result
in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported
pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
See Business Permitted Purchases of Our Securities for a description of how our initial stockholders, directors,
executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase securities from in any private
transaction. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants
and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation,
listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

32 

Purchases of
shares of common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates may make it difficult for us to maintain the listing of our shares on a national securities exchange following
the consummation of an initial business combination. 

If
our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase public shares in the open market or in privately negotiated
transactions, the public float of our shares of common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
would both be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain the listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange following consummation of the business combination. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice
of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures
for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the
proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination.
Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as
applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares.
For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders
or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date
set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote
on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the
transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may
not be redeemed. 

Because of our limited resources and
the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business
combination within the required time period. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may
receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals
or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types
of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in
identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and
our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there
are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of
the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable
will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing
the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to
redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender
offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination.
Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we do
not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only their pro
rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will
expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced
and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.15 per share and other risk factors herein. 

33 

If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or
a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our shares of common stock, you will lose the ability
to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our shares of common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a
public stockholder, individually or together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder
is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from
seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of our public shares. Your inability to redeem more than
an aggregate of 15 of our public shares will reduce your influence over our ability to consummate our initial business combination,
and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell such excess shares in open market transactions. As a
result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, you would be required
to sell your shares in open market transaction, potentially at a loss. 

If our available cash
resources are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 6 months, we may be unable to complete our initial business
combination. 

The
funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 6 months, assuming
that our initial business combination is not consummated during that time. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the
funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the
funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target
businesses from shopping around). 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that
could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and price of our securities, which could
cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct due diligence
on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues with a particular
target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that
factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be
forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result
in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously
known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash
Items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative
market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants
to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination
debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holder who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder, respectively,
following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders and warrant holders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due
to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully
bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the
business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

34 

If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be
less than 10.15 per share. 

Our placing of funds in
the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they
execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to,
fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in
the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third
party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more
beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less
attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of
potential target businesses that we might pursue. 

Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where our management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there
is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we have not completed an initial business combination within the completion window, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims
of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share
redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.15 per public share initially held in the trust account,
due to claims of such creditors. 

Pursuant to the letter agreement
the form of which is filed as an exhibit hereto, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims
by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or
a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust
account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of
the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.15 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, provided that such liability will not apply to
any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust
account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have
not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has
sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were
successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be
reduced to less than 10.15 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and
you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or
directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target
businesses. 

35 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership
of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient
funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we complete an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers
and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary
duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors,
even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We may issue our shares to investors
in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that
time. 

In connection with our
initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a
price of 10.15 per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time, which is generally
approximately 10.15 or less. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business
combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market
price for our shares at such time. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds
in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the
members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the
members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute
the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under
applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders.
In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in
bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior
to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds
in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims
of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced. 

If, before distributing
the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority
over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would
otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

36 

Our executive
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to identify
and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in
a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other
businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each
of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation,
and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent
directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other
business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels,
it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to identify and pursue
business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers
and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. 

Until
we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more
businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented
to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce
our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such
person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted
to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our executive
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with
our interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having
a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction
to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly
prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly,
such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and
such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue,
and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

37 

The
personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting
a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying
and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and
timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. If this were the case,
it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim
against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any
claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We may engage
in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with
our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or
more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers
and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination
opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our
initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning
a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction
with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria
for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite
our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation
or accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more
domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential
conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our
public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our
initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

We may pursue business combination
opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial
business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected
any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks
of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects.
To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations
with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development
stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business,
we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate
time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to
control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment
in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available,
in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a stockholder or warrant
holder, respectively, following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such
stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully
claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them,
or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

38 

We may seek acquisition opportunities
in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

 We will consider a business combination
outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such
candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors
in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the
event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may
not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding
the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a
result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholder
or warrant holder who chooses to remain a stockholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial business combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses and our strategy will be to identify,
acquire and build a company in our target investment area, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that
does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business
combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses and our strategy will be to identify, acquire and
build a company in our target investment area, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
combination will not have attributes consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. If we complete our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with
a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination
with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption
rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval
of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we do not complete
our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities
with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings.

To the extent we complete
our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine.
These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile
revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our directors and
officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of
these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a target business. 

39 

The opinion obtained by
the Board of Directors from Houlihan Capital, does not and will not reflect changes in circumstances after the date of such opinion. 

The fairness opinion dated September
7, 2022 was rendered to the Board of Directors by Houlihan Capital, in connection with, and at the time of, the evaluation of the business
combination and the Business Combination Agreement by the Avalon Special Committee. The opinion was based on the financial analyses performed
by such financial advisors, which considered market and other conditions then in effect and other information made available to them,
as of the date of their opinions, which may have changed, or may change, after the date of the opinion. Avalon has not obtained an updated
opinion as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus from Houlihan Capital and it does not expect to obtain updated opinions prior
to the completion of the Business Combination. Changes in the operations and prospects of Avalon or Beneficient, general market and economic
conditions and other factors which may be beyond the control of Avalon or Beneficient, and on which the fairness opinions were based,
may have altered the value of Beneficient or the price of the Avalon common stock or Beneficient capital stock since the date of such
opinions, or may alter the values and prices by the time the Business Combination is completed. The fairness opinions do not speak as
of any date other than the date of such opinions. 

Resources could be wasted in researching
acquisitions that are not completed within the required time period, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders,
which may be less than 10.15 per share in certain circumstances and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation
of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other
instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others.
If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction
likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete
our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a
loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders
may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may have a limited ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business
whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s
management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s
management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected.
Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public
company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholder
or warrant holder who chooses to remain stockholder or warrant holder, respectively, following the business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a
duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable
material misstatement or material omission. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key
personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition
candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although
we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition
candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate
will not wish to remain in place. 

40 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial
condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments
as of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following
our initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers
have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount
available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects,
including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements and execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one business
combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business,
which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and
profitability. 

The
net proceeds from our IPO together with the funds received from the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with 210,105,000
that we may use to complete our initial business combination. 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors,
including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements
with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated
on a combined basis. By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may
subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities, which may have the resources to
complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects
for our success may be solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or dependent upon the development
or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous
economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular
industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

41 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete
business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination
and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase
of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult
for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also
face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
(if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services
or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could
negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial
business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination
with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition
strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue
a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a
company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving
our desired results. 

We may seek business combination
opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend
to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements,
the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination
with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although
our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not
be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are
not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may
not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave
us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business.
Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

42 

Changes in laws
or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results
of operations. 

We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC
and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time-consuming
and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments, and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply
with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including
our ability to negotiate and complete a Business Combination and results of operations of target business with which we may ultimately
consummate a Business Combination. 

On March 30, 2022, the
SEC issued proposed rules (the 2022 Proposed Rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business
combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies SPACs and private operating companies;
amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively limiting the use
of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability
of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation
under the Investment Company Act. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, and certain interpretations
expressed by the SEC in connection therewith, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could
be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares of common stock. 

On August 16, 2022, the
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things,
a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S.
domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is
generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating
the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the
fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The
U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance
to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

 Any redemption or other repurchase
that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise
tax. Whether and to what extent the we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a business combination, extension vote or
otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with
the business combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of the business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE 
or other equity issuances in connection with the business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the business combination
but issued within the same taxable year of the business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury.
In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the
excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business combination
and in our ability to complete a business combination. 

43 

If we are unable
to consummate our initial business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait up to 21 months or longer before
redemption from our trust account. 

If
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the completion window, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than five business days thereafter (subject to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and applicable
law), distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public stockholders
by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs by way of a voluntary liquidation,
as further described herein. Any redemption of public stockholders from the trust account shall be effected as required by our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to our commencing any voluntary liquidation. Except as otherwise described
herein, we have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of any redemption required as a result of our failure
to consummate our initial business combination within the period described above or our liquidation, unless we consummate our initial
business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their shares of common stock. Only
upon any such redemption of public shares as we are required to effect, or any liquidation, will public stockholders be entitled
to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. 

We may not hold
an annual meeting of stockholders until after the completion of our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one
year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required
to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws
unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to
elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b)
of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court
of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

The grant of
registration rights to our sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise
of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock. 

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement we entered into in connection with our IPO, our sponsor (and/or our sponsor s designees)
and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the founder shares, the private placement warrants, the underlying
securities and any securities issued upon conversion of working capital loans. We will bear the cost of registering these securities.
The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse
effect on the market price of our shares of common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial
business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholder of the target business may increase
the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market
price of our shares of common stock that is expected to occur when the securities owned by our sponsor, holders of our private
units or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

44 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination
with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem
our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets after the redemption to be less than 5,000,001 either
immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriter s
fees and commissions (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible
asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we
may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree
with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and
do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered
into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates.
In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all public shares of our Class A common stock that
are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed
business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem
any shares, all shares of our Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead
may search for an alternate business combination. 

We may be unable to obtain additional
financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel
us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public
stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public
stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Although we believe that
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to
complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business, we cannot ascertain
the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the
private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion
of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares
from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions
to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon
the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The
current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure
the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we do not
complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the
trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders and not previously released to us to pay our taxes on
the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing
to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target
business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after
our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive
approximately 10.15 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances,
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.15 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be
less than 10.15 per share and other risk factors herein. 

45 

Because we must furnish our stockholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination
with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules
require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include
historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure
in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements
may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America GAAP ), or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to
be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ).
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may
be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal
proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no
longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm
attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth
company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our
internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which
we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

If we pursue a target company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection
with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination,
we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target a
company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject
to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local
governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

46 

If we effect our initial
business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies
operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; 

obligatory military service by personnel; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; and 

government appropriation of assets. 

47 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or,
if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

The securities in which we invest the
funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust
such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.15 per share. 

The proceeds held in the
Trust Account are currently invested in a money market fund meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently
yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and
Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out
the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete
our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our public
stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income not
released to us, net of taxes payable. Negative interest rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that may be received
by public stockholders. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination
even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold
a stockholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business
where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would not be required to seek stockholder approval to
complete such a transaction. Except as required by law or stock exchange, listing requirements, the decision as to whether we will
seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender
offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete
our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders do not approve of the business combination we complete.
Please see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our
Initial Business Combination for additional information. 

48 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us
for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of such business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions on the nature of
our investments and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial
business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including registration as an investment
company, adoption of a specific form of corporate structure and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements
and other rules and regulations. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional
regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate
our initial business combination. 

In order not to be regulated
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged
primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing,
reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive
of U.S. government securities and cash Items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business
combination and thereafter to operate the post-business combination business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy
businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or
to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our
anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account
may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement,
the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments,
and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling
businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our securities are not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments
in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest
to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered
in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide public stockholders the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion
window or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of shares of our Class A common stock, and
(iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within the completion window, subject
to applicable law and as further described herein. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be
subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional
regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete
a business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders
may receive only approximately 10.15 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

49 

The Nasdaq may delist our securities
from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us
to additional trading restrictions. 

Our units, Class A common
shares and warrants are currently listed on Nasdaq. In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial
business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution, and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum
market capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders).
Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial
business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which
are more rigorous than the Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on the Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and we would be required
to have 300 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500). We
cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If the Nasdaq delists any
of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange,
we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A common stock are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain
securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A common stock, and warrants are
listed on the Nasdaq, our units, Class A common stock and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the
states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies
if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale
of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict
the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view
blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities
of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify
as covered securities under the statute, and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be
forced to sell your public shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders
will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business
combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to
redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with
a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business
combination within the completion window, or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of our Class A common
stock or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial
business within the completion window, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public stockholders who redeem
their Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be
entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we
have not completed an initial business combination within the completion window, with respect to such Class A common stock so redeemed.
In addition, if we do not complete an initial business combination within the completion window, for any reason, compliance with
Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution
of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond the completion window,
before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest
of any kind to or in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with
respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares and/or warrants,
potentially at a loss. 

50 

If we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group 
of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares
in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of
such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 
of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. 
However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for
or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability
to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares
in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we
complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and,
in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we have not completed an initial business
combination within the completion window, our public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond such time period before redemption
from our trust account. 

If we have not completed
an initial business combination within the completion window, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of
the interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein.
Any redemption of public stockholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and
distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public stockholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation
and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the DGCL. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the
completion window before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of
their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the
date of our redemption or liquidation unless we complete our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases
where investors have sought to redeem their Class A common stock. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public stockholders
be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period and do not
amend certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Our
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the
event we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that
it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can
be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect
to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However,
it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the end of the completion window in the
event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

51 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that provides
for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following
our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited
to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers,
investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL,
any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro
rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred
after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially
brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received
by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in
the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window is not considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings
that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the
statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three
years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of
stockholders until after the completion of our initial business combination. 

In accordance with the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal
year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting
of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws unless such election
is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the
DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court
of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

Holders of our Class A common stock will
not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior to our initial business
combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public
shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an
initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any
reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the completion of an initial business combination. 

Our ability to require holders of our
warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration
statement covering the shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause holders to receive
fewer shares of our Class A common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to
pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash. 

52 

If we call the warrants
for redemption, we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so
on a cashless basis in the circumstances described in Description of Securities Warrants Redemption of Warrants
When the Price per Share of Our Class A Common stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00. If we choose to require holders to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number of
shares of our Class A common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised
his or her warrant for cash. For example, with three months left until the expiration of the public warrants, if the holder is
exercising 875 public warrants at 11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when the volume-weighted average price of our Class
A common stock as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent
to the holders of the public warrants is 17.50 per share and there is no effective registration statement, then upon the cashless
exercise, the holder will receive 300 shares of our Class A common stock. The holder would have received 875 shares of our Class
A common stock if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside 
of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of shares of our Class A
common stock upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. 

The warrants may become
exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the shares of our Class A common stock, and you will not have any information
regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial
business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the shares of our Class A common stock. As
a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security
in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be
required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty
business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

The grant of registration rights to our
initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights
may adversely affect the market price of the shares of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement
to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our initial stockholders
and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the shares of our Class A common stock into which founder shares are
convertible, the private placement warrants and the shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement
warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the shares of our Class A common stock issuable
upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private
placement warrants and the shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. The registration
and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the
market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination
more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they
seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A
common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders or their permitted transferees are registered. 

We may issue additional shares of our
Class A common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after
completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of our Class A common stock upon the conversion of the
founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution
provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest
of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, 10,000,000 shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 79,144,750 and 4,825,000 authorized but unissued shares of our
Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares
reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants, or shares issuable upon conversion of the shares of the Class B common
stock. The Class B common stock is automatically convertible into Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination
as described herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

53 

We may issue a substantial
number of additional shares of our Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A common stock
to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial
business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to or in connection with
our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive
funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to stockholders
prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with
a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our stockholders; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of our Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

The exercise price for the public warrants
is higher than in many similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly, the warrants are more likely to expire
worthless. 

The exercise price of the
public warrants is higher than is typical in many similar blank check companies in the past. Historically, the exercise price of
a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our
public warrants is 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. As a result, the warrants are more likely to expire
worthless. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our certificate of incorporation or governing
instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that some of our stockholders
may not support. 

In order to effectuate an
initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and
other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our certificate
of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination
that our stockholders may not support. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination,
increased redemption thresholds, changed industry focus and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to
require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Generally, amendments to our certificate of incorporation
will require the approval of holders of 50 of our common stock, and amendments to our warrant agreement that the parties deem
adversely affect the interest of the public warrant holders will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants.
In addition, our certificate of incorporation will require us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or
timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the completion window or with respect to any other provisions
relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would
be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register,
or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter
or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business
combination. 

54 

The provisions of our certificate of
incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the
release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 50 of our common stock, which
is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our
certificate of incorporation to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may
not support. 

Some other blank check companies
have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a
company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s stockholders.
In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by 90 of the company s stockholders attending
and voting at an annual meeting. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related
to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private
placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption
rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 50 of our common stock entitled to
vote thereon and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended
if approved by holders of at least 50 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote
thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders and their permitted
transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as converted basis, 20 of our common stock upon the closing
of our initial public offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in our initial public offering and excluding the representative
shares), will participate in any vote to amend our certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion
to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our certificate of incorporation which
govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability
to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach
of our certificate of incorporation. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation includes a provision providing that a resolution be passed by at least ninety (90 percent of the
outstanding shares of our Class B Common Stock entitled to vote thereon in order to amend the provision in our certificate of incorporation
that, prior to the closing of our initial business combination, the holders of Class B Common Stock shall have the exclusive right
to elect and remove any director. As a result, our stockholders may not be able to have any ability to elect or remove any director. 

Our sponsor, executive officers
and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination
within the completion window or with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon
approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if
any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These
agreements are contained in letter agreements that we have entered into with our sponsor and each member of our management team.
Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability
to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the
event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

55 

We may amend the terms of the warrants
in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and
the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval.

Our warrants are issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us.
The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants
to make any change that the parties deem adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly,
we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at
least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other
things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the
number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our warrant agreement designates the
courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive
forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability
of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides
that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant
agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction
shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction
and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange
Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and
to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope
the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants,
such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the
State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement
action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon
such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision
may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company,
which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable
or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated
with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

56 

Our warrants are accounted for as derivative
liabilities and are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value for each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse
effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We issued 15,525,000 public
warrants and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued in a private placement, 8,100,000 private
placement warrants. We are accounting for both the public warrants and the private placement warrants as derivative warrant liabilities.
At each reporting period (1) the accounting treatment of the warrants will be re-evaluated for proper accounting treatment as a
liability or equity and (2) the fair value of the liability of the public and private warrants will be remeasured and the change
in the fair value of the liability will be recorded as other income (expense) in our income statement. Our public warrants are
valued based on the closing price as of each accounting period end, and this value also serves as the proxy for our private warrants.
As a result, our consolidated financial statements and results of operations will fluctuate quarterly. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem
the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant,
if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares
issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities 
Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments ). Please see Description of
Securities Warrants Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Our Class A Common stock Equals or Exceeds
 18.00. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to
register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the
warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants
as described above could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous
for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants
or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would
be substantially less than the Market Value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so
long as they are held by our sponsor or their permitted transferees. 

In addition, we have the
ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price
of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments
to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description
of Securities Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments ). In such a
case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of shares of our Class A common stock
determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. Please see Description of
Securities Warrants Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Our Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds
 10.00 elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than
the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price
is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of common stock received
is capped at 0.361 shares of our Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of
the warrants. 

57 

Our warrants and founder shares may have
an adverse effect on the market price of the shares of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial
business combination. 

We have issued warrants
to purchase 15,525,000 shares of our Class A common stock, at a price of 11.50 per whole share (subject to adjustment as provided
herein), as part of the units issued in our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
offering, we have issued in a private placement an aggregate of 8,100,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase
one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. Our sponsor, together with our current and former independent directors,
currently owns an aggregate of 5,175,000 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000
of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would
be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Our public
warrants are also redeemable by us for shares of our Class A common stock as described in Description of Securities 
Warrants Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Our Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00. 

To the extent we issue Class
A common stock for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial
number of additional shares of our Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less
attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants when exercised will increase the number of issued and outstanding
shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of our Class A common stock issued to complete the business
transaction. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase
the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The private placement warrants
are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that, so long as they are held by
our sponsor or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the shares of our Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by our sponsor until the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on
a cashless basis and (iv) are subject to registration rights. 

Because each unit contains three-fourths
of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies.

Each unit contains three-fourths
of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only
whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a
share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of our Class A common stock to be issued
to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one common share and one whole
warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive
effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for three-fourths
of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe,
a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to
be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

A provision of our warrant agreement
may make it more difficult for us to complete an initial business combination. 

Unlike most blank check
companies, if (i) we issue additional common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per common stock (with such issue price
or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our
sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial
business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the
warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and
 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of
the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. This may make it more difficult for us to complete an initial business
combination with a target business. 

58 

Provisions in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing
to pay in the future for shares of our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider
to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors
to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business
combination only holders of shares of our Class B common stock, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on
the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise
could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover
provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together, these provisions may make the removal
of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing
market prices for our securities. 

Since only holders of our founder shares
will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, upon the listing of our shares on the Nasdaq, the Nasdaq may consider
us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions
from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Currently, only holders
of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards,
a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled
company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

Subject to applicable phase-in
rules, we have complied with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq. However, if we determine in the future to utilize
some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject
to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

The value of
the founder shares following the completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal
price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Upon
the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor has invested in us an aggregate of 8,125,000, comprised of the 25,000
purchase price for the founder shares and the 8,100,000 purchase price for the private placement warrants. Assuming a trading
price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial business combination, the 5,175,000 founder shares would have an aggregate
implied value of 51,750,000. Even if the trading price of our common stock was as low as 1.57 per share, and the private placement
warrants were worthless, the value of the founder shares would be equal to our sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result,
our sponsor is likely to be able to recoup its investment in us and make a substantial profit on that investment, even if our public
shares have lost significant value. Accordingly, our management team, which owns interests in our sponsor, may have an economic
incentive that differs from that of the public stockholders to pursue and consummate an initial business combination rather than
to liquidate and to return all of the cash in the trust to the public stockholders, even if that business combination were with
a riskier or less-established target business. For the foregoing reasons, you should consider our management team s financial
incentive to complete an initial business combination when evaluating whether to redeem your shares prior to or in connection with
the initial business combination. 

59 

Risks Relating to our Sponsor, Advisors,
and Management Team 

Since our sponsor, executive officers
and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect
to public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On October 21, 2020, our
sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration
of 5,750,000 shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001. On August 30, 2021, the sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 of these
shares, for no consideration, such that there were 4,312,500 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. On October 5, 2021, we
effected a stock dividend of 0.2 of a founder share for each outstanding founder share, which resulted in the sponsor holding an
aggregate of 5,175,000 found shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, we had no assets,
tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would
represent 20 of the outstanding shares after our initial public offering (excluding the representative shares). 

Prior to the consummation
of our initial public offering, our sponsor transferred 50,000 founder shares to each of Steven Gluckstern, John L. Klinck Jr.,
and Douglas C. Mangini, our then independent director nominees, at their original purchase price. The founder shares will be worthless
if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 8,100,000 private
placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, for a purchase price
of 8,100,000, or 1.00 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Holders of founder
shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any
founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain
loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director, and we may pay our sponsor, officers, directors and
any of their respective affiliates fees and expenses in connection with identifying, investigating and completing an initial business
combination. 

The personal and financial
interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business
combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business
combination. This risk may become more acute as the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 

Past performance by our sponsor, our
officers and directors or their respective affiliates, including the businesses referred to herein, may not be indicative of future
performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any business that we may acquire. 

Information regarding past
performance of our sponsor, our officers and directors, their respective affiliates, is presented for informational purposes only.
Any past experience and performance of our sponsor, our management team, their respective affiliates or the other companies referred
to herein is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business
combination or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may complete. You should not rely on the
historical record of our sponsor, our officers and directors, their respective affiliates, or the performance of the other companies
referred to herein as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate
going forward. An investment in us is not an investment in our sponsor or its affiliates nor the other companies referred to in
this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce
the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the
trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.15 per share due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, and our sponsor assert that
it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent
directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we
currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce their indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification
obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below
 10.15 per share. 

60 

If we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination, our initial stockholders and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such
initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Our initial stockholders
own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding shares of our common stock, excluding the representative shares, immediately
following the completion of our initial public offering. Our initial stockholders and members of our management team also may from
time to time purchase Class A common stock prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination, unless otherwise required by
applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative
vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting, including the founder shares. If we submit our initial business combination
to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the terms of letter agreements entered into with us, our sponsor and members
of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any shares of our Class A common stock purchased during or
after the offering, in favor of our initial business combination. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business
combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success
depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination.
In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly,
will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business
combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover, certain of our directors and executive officers have time and
attention requirements for private investment funds of which affiliates of our sponsor are the investment managers. We do not have
an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss
of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our ability to successfully effect our
initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some
of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations
and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully
effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the
target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business
in senior management, director, or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all
of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage
after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.
These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to
have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In addition, the directors
and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business
combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an
acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

61 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business
combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to
receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in
determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be
able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment
or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the
negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations
also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or
her fiduciary duties under Delaware law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion
of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with
any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the
completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management
or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the
time of our initial business combination. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target
business after our initial business combination. 

Upon the loss of control
of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications, or abilities necessary to profitably operate such
business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders
own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business
combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the
target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction
company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to our initial business combination may
collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and
us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of
new shares of our Class A common stock in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares, or other equity
interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a
substantial number of new shares of our Class A common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own
less than a majority of our issued and outstanding Class A common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority
stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s
shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control
of the target business. 

Our initial stockholders control a substantial interest in
us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not
support. 

As of December 31, 2022,
our initial stockholders (and/or their designees) collectively owned 19.8 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock.
Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If our initial stockholders purchase
any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control.
Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, has any current intention to purchase additional securities.
Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of
our shares of common stock. 

62 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and Delaware
law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or
employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, or
(iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may
be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and
the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination),
(B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court
of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court
of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an action is brought
outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in
the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is
enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought
to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased
consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect
of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our executive officers and directors
will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to
devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and
directors are not required to, and do not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in
allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend
to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is
engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers
are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers
and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them
to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability
to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities
or to complete our initial business combination. 

63 

Our officers and directors presently
have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, or contractual obligations to other entities, including another
blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity
a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our
initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another
entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest
in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely
in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer
that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders, and their
respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary
or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have
an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our
directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such
persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us, including the formation or participation
in one or more other blank check companies. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and
ours. 

The personal and financial
interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and
completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting
a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a
particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be
a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such
individuals for infringing on our stockholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may
make against them for such reason. 

64 

We may engage in a business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
directors, or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement
of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated
with our sponsor, executive officers, directors, or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members
for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance-Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor,
officers, and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination
with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination
with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated
entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination
and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm
regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international
businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still
may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they
would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

General Risk Factors 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting
company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available
to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may
make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier,
including if the Market Value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of any June
30th before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot
predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be
lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our
securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out
of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates
for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither
an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

65 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will
remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our Class A common stock
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual
revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Class A common stock held
by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take
advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies
difficult or impossible. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with
any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC
and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming
and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with
applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our
ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in
information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which
we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or
infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information
and sensitive or confidential data. As an early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may
not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination
of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

We would be subject to a second level
of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company (a PHC ),
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

A U.S. corporation generally
will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half
of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals
for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed
to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50 of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least
60 of the corporation s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable
year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain
circumstances, rents). 

Depending on the date and
size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60 of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of
PHC income as discussed above. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including
the members of our sponsor and certain tax exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, it is possible that more
than 50 of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last
half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not become a PHC following our initial public offering or
in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently
20 , on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently maintain our
executive offices at 2 Embarcadero Center, Eighth Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111. The cost for our use of this space is included
in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative support services. We consider our current office
space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We may be subject to legal
proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party
to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation
or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

66 

part
II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our units began to trade
on The Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol AVACU on October 6, 2021. The shares of Class A common stock
and warrants comprising the units commenced separate public trading on Nasdaq on December 3, 2021, under the symbols AVAC 
and AVACW, respectively. Our Class B common stock is not listed on any exchange. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2022,
there were 20,721,427 of our shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding held by two stockholders of record. The number
of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common
stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or
paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent
to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of
our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors
does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability
to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

As of December 31, 2022,
we did not have any equity compensation plans. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

67 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited
financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on October 12, 2020, as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
or IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

68 

As of December 31,
2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from October 12, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2022 relates to our formation, our IPO, and identifying a target company for a business combination. We will not generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income
in the form of income from the proceeds derived from the IPO. We have selected December 31 as our fiscal year end. 

Our sponsor is Avalon Acquisition
Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The registration statement for our IPO was declared effective on October 5,
2021. On October 8, 2021, we closed the IPO and issued 20,700,000 units, which included full exercise by the underwriter of the
over-allotment option to purchase an additional 2,700,000, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 207,000,000, and incurring
offering costs of 10,953,007, inclusive of 7,245,000 in deferred underwriting commissions and net of reimbursement from underwriter
of 399,202. 

On October 8, 2021, simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO, we sold 8,100,000 warrants, at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant to our sponsor,
generating proceeds of 8,100,000. 

Upon the closing of the
IPO and the private placement, 210,105,000 10.15 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located
in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, which was invested in a money market
fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, which invests only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a business combination or (ii) the
distribution of the funds in the Trust Account as described below. 

On January 5, 2023, we extended the period of time to consummate an initial
Business Combination until April 8, 2023, and concurrently The Beneficient Company Group, L.P. deposited 2,070,000 into the Trust Account
in accordance with the terms of the Investment Management Trust Agreement. We have the option to extend further the period of time to
consummate an initial Business Combination until July 8, 2023 (the Combination Period ). If the we are unable to complete
a business combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to us to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each
case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will
be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
a business combination within the Combination Period. 

Proposed Business Combination 

 On September
21, 2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with The Beneficient Company
Group, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership BCG ), Beneficient Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly-owned
subsidiary of BCG Merger Sub I ), and Beneficient Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and direct, wholly-owned
subsidiary of BCG Merger Sub II and together with Merger Sub I, the Merger Subs ), as fully disclosed in a
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2022. 

The
obligations of the parties to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions as further described in the Business Combination Agreement. 

BCG
filed its Form S-4 Registration Statement on December 9, 2022 and Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4 Registration Statement on January
23, 2023 (collectively, Form S-4 and Amendment ). 

69 

Transaction Consideration 

The
aggregate consideration to be paid in the Business Combination to the direct or indirect owners of Avalon consists of 26,030,250
shares of Beneficient Class A common stock (the Beneficient Class A common stock ), 20,855,250 shares of
Beneficient Series A preferred stock (the Beneficient Series A preferred stock and 23,625,000 warrants (the Beneficient
Warrants ). At the Avalon Merger Effective Time, as defined in Form S-4 and Amendment, each
share of Avalon Class A common stock and Avalon Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Avalon Merger Effective Time will be entitled to receive, for each share of Avalon common stock, one share of Beneficent Class A
common stock. As additional merger consideration, each holder of Avalon Class A common stock will also receive, for each share
of Avalon Class A common stock that is not redeemed, one share of Beneficient Series A preferred stock. Each share of Beneficient
Series A preferred stock that is then issued and outstanding is convertible into one-fourth (1/4) of a share of Beneficient
Class A common stock on, and only on, the later of (i) 90 days after the Avalon Merger Effective Time and (ii) 30 days after
a registration statement under the Securities Act has been declared effective with respect to the issuance of Beneficient Class A
common stock and Beneficient Series A preferred stock upon the exercise of the Beneficient Warrants unless the holder thereof elects
to not convert under the optional conversion rights. 

Also
at the Avalon Merger Effective Time, each Avalon warrant issued and outstanding, entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share
of Avalon Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment), will automatically convert
into the right to purchase, at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment), one share of Beneficient Class A
common stock and one share of Beneficient Series A preferred stock upon consummation of the Business Combination. 

There
are a number of conditions to Closing, each of which are set forth in the Business Combination Agreement as fully disclosed
in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2022. 

Refer
to BCG s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on January 23, 2023 for
more information. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of
December 31, 2022, we had 323,525 outside of the trust account and a working capital deficit of approximately 32,000 (not taking
account approximately 59,000 of franchise and income taxes payable as such amounts can be paid from the interest earned in the Trust
Account). 

Prior
to the consummation of its Initial Public Offering, our liquidity needs were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from our
sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares and loan from the sponsor of 197,000 under
a promissory note. We repaid the promissory note in full on October 15, 2021. Subsequent to the closing of our IPO, our liquidity
needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds of 1.18 million from the consummation of the IPO and the private placement
that are held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated
to, provide us working capital loans. 

70 

In connection with our assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity condition
and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after the completion
window. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.
Management plans to complete a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

COVID-19 

 Management continues to evaluate
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a
negative effect on our financial position, results of our operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily
determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Russia-Ukraine War 

 In February 2022, a military
conflict started between Russia and Ukraine. The ongoing military conflict has provoked strong reactions from the United States, the UK,
the European Union and various other countries around the world, including the imposition of broad financial and economic sanctions against
Russia. Further, the precise effects of the ongoing military conflict and these sanctions on the global economies remain uncertain as
of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is also
not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022,
the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other
things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain
U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is
generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating
the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the
fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The
U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance
to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

 Any redemption or other repurchase
that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise
tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise
would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business
combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of the business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE 
or other equity issuances in connection with the business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the business combination
but issued within the same taxable year of the business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury.
In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the
excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business combination
and in our ability to complete a business combination. 

71 

Results of Operations 

Our entire
activity since inception up to October 8, 2021 was related to our formation and IPO. Since the IPO, our activity has been limited to the
search for a prospective initial business combination target. We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion
of our initial business combination. 

For the
year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 8,210,543, which consisted of 1,453,936 in general and administrative expenses,
 282,664 in franchise tax expense and 758,000 in income tax expense, offset by 7,678,125 gain from changes in fair value of derivative
warrant liabilities and 3,027,018 in investment income in the Trust Account. 

For
the year end December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 3,813,684, which consisted 311,329 in general and administrative expenses,
 479,936 in financing costs derivate warrant liabilities, 124,138 in franchise tax expense, offset by 4,725,000 gain
from changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and 4,087 in investment income in the Trust Account. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration and
Stockholder Rights 

The
holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans
(and any Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon
conversion of Working Capital Loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders
of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In
addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the completion of the initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

 The
 underwriter was paid an underwriting discount of 0.125 per unit, or 2,587,500 in the aggregate, upon the closing of our Initial
 Public Offering. In addition, 0.35 per unit, or 7,245,000 in the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriter for deferred
 underwriting commissions from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that that we complete a Business
 Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

We granted
the underwriter a 45-day option from the date of our Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 2,700,000 additional Units at the
Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in
full on October 8, 2021, generating gross proceeds of 27 million. 

72 

Administrative Support Agreement 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an
agreement to pay our sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, administrative and support services to the Company. We
began incurring these fees on October 8, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion
of the Business Combination and our liquidation. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Management s
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of our financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates
and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical
experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified
the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Investments Held in Trust Account 

Our
portfolio of investments held in trust is comprised solely of a money market fund that invests in U.S. government securities, within
the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, with a maturity of 185 days or
less. Our investments held in the trust account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance
sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these investments
are included in net gain from investments held in trust account in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair
values of investments held in the trust account are determined using available market information. 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

We
do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial
instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that
qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative instruments, including
whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

 We issued
15,525,000 warrants to purchase common stock to investors in our IPO and issued 8,100,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor. All
of our outstanding warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, we recognize
the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities
are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our
statements of operations. The fair value of warrants issued in connection with the IPO and the private placement warrants was initially
measured at fair value by an independent valuation consultant using a market-based approach of comparable blank check company warrant
pricing. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the public warrants was based on observable closing market price for such warrants,
and value of the private warrants was fair valued based on the pricing of the public warrants. 

73 

Class A Common Stock Subject to
Possible Redemption 

We
account for our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A common stock
subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable
Class A common stock (including Class A common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control
of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely our control) are classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, Class A common stock is classified as stockholders deficit. 

Our
Class A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the
occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of the Initial Public Offering, 20,700,000 shares of Class A common
stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
deficit section of our balance sheets. 

Under
ASC 480-10-S99, the Company has elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying
value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of the reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting
period as if it were also the redemption date of the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized
the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the
extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net Income Per Share of
Common Stock 

 We comply with accounting and
disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A common
stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per common share is
calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the respective period. 

The calculation of diluted
net income per common stock does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including
exercise of the over-allotment option) and the Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 15,525,000 shares of Class A common stock
in the calculation of diluted income per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be antidilutive
under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income per share is the same as basic net income per share for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption
value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt
 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ),
which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes
certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also simplifies
the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023,
including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact on our unaudited
condensed financial statements. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our unaudited condensed financial
statements. 

74 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022,
we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

JOBS Act 

 The Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting
requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are
allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies.
We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting
standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act.
Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on
such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system
of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the JOBS Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure
that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act,
(iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting and Oversight Board regarding mandatory
audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial
statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation
between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of our Chief Executive Officer s compensation to median employee
compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or
until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 7A.
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our financial statements
and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

Item 9.
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A.
 Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are
procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under
the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive
officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers
concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

75 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls
and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected
all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly
on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving
its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations
implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
 to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
 only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
 of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

This Annual Report does not include
an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during
the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that
Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

76 

part
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The following table sets
forth information about our directors and executive officers as of February 23, 2023. 

Name 
 Age 
 Title 
 
 Donald H. Putnam 
 71 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 S. Craig Cognetti 
 50 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 John Griff 
 67 
 President 
 
 R. Rachel Hsu 
 51 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Stuart H. Bohart 
 57 
 Director 
 
 John L. Klinck Jr. 
 59 
 Director 
 
 Douglas C. Mangini 
 62 
 Director 

Below is a summary of the
business experience of each our executive officers and directors: 

Donald H. Putnam has
been our Executive Chairman since October 12, 2020. Mr. Putnam founded Grail Partners, LLC, a private investment and M A advisory
firm focused on financial services, in 2005. Prior to founding Grail, he founded Putnam Lovell Securities, an investment banking
firm, in 1987, and led the firm as its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board from its founding until the firm s
sale in 2002, after which he served as CEO and Vice Chairman of Putnam Lovell NBF Securities, a subsidiary of Nation Bank/Canada.
From 1985 to 1987, Mr. Putnam served as President and Chief Operating Officer at Inference Corporation, a Rockefeller-backed AI
company serving NASA, AmEx, and investment banks with LISP-based AI solutions, where Mr. Putman initiated an early algorithmic
trading systems and funded the development of MarketMind, the first AI high frequency trading application, later to be delivered
by Jeffries Co and ITG, its publicly traded subsidiary. 

From 1979 to 1985, Mr. Putnam
held senior positions at SEI Corporation, including President of its mutual funds division and head of Corporate Development,
in which capacity he oversaw the acquisition and leadership of Becker Funds Evaluation, Merrill Lynch Funds Evaluation, and other
smaller purchases. Prior to joining SEI, Mr. Putnam was a Senior Consultant at Catallactics Corporation (a subsidiary of SunGard),
in which capacity he devised systematic portfolio management strategies for Bankers Trust Company, J.P. Morgan, The Boston Company,
The Northern Trust Company, and other clients. From 1973 to 1978, he designed index fund and quantitative investment products at
Bankers Trust Company, a trust company. His education includes NYU and Courant Institute, with double major in mathematics (topology)
and computer science (matrix/cluster analysis). 

We believe that Mr. Putnam s
qualifications to serve on our board include his vast experience advising and investing in companies within the financial services
space, his track-record of building and managing financial services companies, and his track-record of identifying industry trends. 

77 

S. Craig Cognetti, CFA, has
been our Chief Executive Officer and a director since October 12, 2020. In addition, Mr. Cognetti leads the principal investing
practice at Grail Partners, a private investment and M A advisory firm focused on financial services. Prior to joining Grail
in 2006, Craig was with a New York City-based alternative investment firm Chelsey Capital. From 2002-2004, he was an officer at
Mellon Ventures, the 1.4 billion private equity division of Mellon Financial, a global financial services firm. He focused on
buyouts and financial services deals credit cards, trading platforms, and portfolio management. From 2000-2002, Craig served in
the Corporate Strategy and Development group at Mellon, working on M A transactions. He led an initiative to increase Mellon s
presence in separate accounts and built an alternative asset management platform. Earlier, Mr. Cognetti led a division of TRL,
a transportation services company. Mr. Cognetti has a BS in Business Administration from Georgetown and an MBA from The Wharton
School. Mr. Cognetti has completed the International Finance and Management program at Oxford University and is a CFA Charterholder. 

We believe that Mr. Cognetti s
qualifications to serve on our board include his vast experience in the financial services space, which includes investing in innovative
companies, advising firms on strategy, and working with senior executives of industry leaders. He has a track record of successful
investments, M A transactions and operating results across multiple industries. 

John Griff has been
our President since October 12, 2020. Mr. Griff s 40-year financial services career has spanned capital markets, investment
banking and asset management. Most recently, Mr. Griff was President of Manifold Partners LLC, an artificial intelligence hedge
fund manager from 2018 to 2022. From 2011 to 2013, he served as COO of the publicly held Gleacher Company, an investment
bank specializing in Advisory, Capital Markets, Fixed Income, and Private Equity, where he was also CEO of the broker-dealer subsidiary
of Gleacher Company. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Griff served as Strategic Advisor to the CEO at LNR Property Corporation, a commercial
real estate company, where he shared responsibility for LNR s European business units, including a Commercial Real Estate
fund, where he was responsible for a 500mil Sterling CRE portfolio. From 2003 to 2007, Mr. Griff served as President of Putnam
Lovell, an investment bank specializing in the financial services sector. 

Prior to Putnam Lovell,
from 1997 to 2002, Mr. Griff was CEO of HSBC USA, Inc., a subsidiary of a global financial services firm, leading the bank s
US based investment banking business, and serving as co-Head of Global Fixed Income. He was responsible for one of the largest
risk positions in Fixed Income. Mr. Griff established Merchant banking businesses at each of NationsBanc, HSBC, Putnam Lovell,
and Gleacher. He chaired each Investment Committee of each group and sat on the Boards of nearly all portfolio companies. 

Mr. Griff also served in
senior roles at then NationsBanc Capital Markets, a banking firm, from 1993 to 1997; Lehman Brothers, a global investment bank,
from 1989 to 1993; and Merrill Lynch, a global investment bank from 1986 to 1989. Mr. Griff advises high school and college coaches
and athlete directors on leadership skills. Mr. Griff is a graduate of Fordham University where he earned a BS degree majoring
in Finance and Marketing. 

R. Rachel Hsu has
been our CFO since October 12, 2020. In 2019, Ms. Hsu joined Grail Partners LLC, a private investment and M A advisory firm
focused on financial services, and Manifold Partners, LLC, an artificial intelligence hedge fund manager, as CFO of both firms,
after a sabbatical to raise her family between 2009 and 2019. Starting in 2003, she spent six years at Hall Capital Partners LLC,
a private investment advisory firm to ultra-high-net-worth families and individuals. She joined Hall Capital Partners LLC as corporate
controller and was CFO of the firm s funds when she departed to raise her daughter. After graduating from the University
of North Carolina with a Masters in Accounting and a B.S. in Business Administration, Ms. Hsu joined accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, a global accounting firm, in 1994. After her public accounting career, Rachel served as the controller at Putnam Lovell Securities
Inc., an investment bank/broker-dealer focused on financial services, from 2000 to 2002. Ms. Hsu holds an inactive CPA license
from North Carolina. 

Our Independent Directors 

 We have assembled a group of experienced
corporate executives and professional advisors to serve as independent directors on our board, alongside Donald H. Putnam, S. Craig Cognetti,
John Griff and R. Rachel Hsu. These executives have been chosen as members to the board of directors for their extensive sector and C-suite
level experience in managing successful companies. In addition to providing us with strategic insights, which include in-depth knowledge
of industry dynamics, competition and operational capabilities, our independent directors provide access to their broad networks of operating
executives and other resources. 

78 

Stuart H. Bohart has
been serving as our director since June 13, 2022. In addition, Mr. Bohart currently serves as President and COO of FORT Investment
Management, a 6 billion quantitative hedge fund with offices in New York City and Washington D.C. Prior to joining FORT, Mr. Bohart
led the Liquid Markets Division at Fortress Investment Group from 2010 to 2015, where he was responsible for business infrastructure,
sales and marketing, development of new investment strategies and served on the Fortress Management and Operating Committees. 

From 1997 to 2010, Mr. Bohart
worked in a variety of senior capacities at Morgan Stanley including co-head of Global Investment Management, global head of Prime
Brokerage, and Portfolio Manager for a multi-strategy hedge fund. He served as a member of the Morgan Stanley Management Committee.
Early in his career, Mr. Bohart held trading and portfolio management positions at Cargill, Harvard Management Company, and Bankers
Trust. He has lived and worked in the PRC, Japan and the UK. He graduated from Northwestern University in 1989 with a BA in economics
and Asian Studies. 

 We believe that Mr. Bohart s
qualifications to serve on our board include his experience in building and leading businesses and his deep knowledge of financial services
sector. 

John L. Klinck Jr. has
been serving our director since October 5, 2021. Since 2016, Mr. Klinck is also an active angel investor and a Managing Partner
of Hyperplane Venture Capital, a venture capital firm, where he has led FinTech investing across a range of seed stage companies
using advanced technologies such as machine learning to solve front and back office business problems. From 2006 to 2015, Mr. Klinck
was an executive vice president at State Street, a global financial services firm, where he founded Alternative Investment Solutions
providing hedge fund and private equity administration. He also founded the data and analytics business called Global Exchange
and served as Head of Strategy/M A. Before joining State Street in 2006, Mr. Klinck was a Vice Chairman at BNY Mellon, a global
financial services firm, President of Investment Manager Solutions and CEO of the company s European businesses. He is also
a current member of the Boards of Directors of Cardlytics, Xpansiv and Notarize. Mr. Klinck has a BA from Middlebury College and
an M.B.A from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. 

We believe that Mr. Klinck s
qualifications to serve on our board include his experience in managing and innovating large financial services organizations,
his deep knowledge of financial services and financial technology and his experience in identifying and investing in technology
driven financial services companies. 

Douglas C. Mangini has
been serving as our director since October 5, 2021. From June 2020 through December 2020, Mr. Mangini served as Senior Managing
Director, Senior Advisor to Intermediary Distribution and member of Guggenheim Partners Senior Leadership Committee. From
May 2012 through June 2020, Mr. Mangini served as Senior Managing Director, Head of Intermediary Distribution at Guggenheim Investments
and member of Guggenheim Partners Senior Leadership Committee. Prior to joining Guggenheim, he held senior distribution
roles at Morgan Stanley Investment Management and Nationwide Financial Services. Over his 30 plus year career in financial services
industry, he has built and managed investment and insurance distribution platforms at firms including, Guggenheim Investments,
Morgan Stanley Investment Management and Nationwide Financial Services. Within financial product distribution, Mr. Mangini has
managed strategy, product, marketing, relationship management and sales groups. He has distributed a broad range of financial products
including mutual funds, ETFs, alternative investments, UITs, retirement plans, annuities and life insurance to a broad spectrum
of financial intermediaries including wirehouse and regional broker-dealers, independent broker-dealers, registered investment
advisors, third-party investment advisors and retirement platforms. At Guggenheim and Morgan Stanley, he participated in the sale
of ETF and mutual fund business units, respectively. Mr. Mangini received a BS Accounting from St. Joseph s University and
JD from New York Law School. 

79 

We believe that Mr. Mangini s
qualifications to serve on our board include his experience in managing and innovating large financial services organizations,
his deep knowledge of financial services and his experience in identifying and capitalizing on trends that drive growth across
the industry. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

 Our board of directors is divided
into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed
prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. The
term of office of the first class of directors, Stuart H. Bohart, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of
office of the second class of directors, consisting of Douglas C. Mangini and John L. Klinck Jr., will expire at our second annual meeting
of the stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of S. Craig Cognetti and Donald H. Putnam will expire
at our third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we complete our initial business
combination. 

Prior to the completion
of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority
of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder
shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

Pursuant to an agreement
entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our sponsor, upon completion
of an initial business combination, are entitled to nominate individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the
sponsor hold any securities covered by the registration rights agreement. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our
board of directors is authorized to nominate persons to the offices set forth in our certificate of incorporation as it deems appropriate.
Our certificate of incorporation will provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board of directors,
chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may
be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as
a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which
in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Steven Gluckstern, John L. Klinck
Jr., and Douglas C. Mangini are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC
rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation

None of our executive officers
or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first
listed on the Nasdaq through the earlier of completion of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse
our sponsor for office space and administrative support services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. In addition,
our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor,
executive officers, directors or their respective affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be
made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not
expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for
their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and completing
an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s
and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

80 

After the completion of
our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy
solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members
of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because
the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation.
Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination,
either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on
our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the completion of our initial business
combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting
arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting
arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target
business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to
any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a corporate governance and nominating committee. Subject
to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq and Rule 10A of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee
of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules
of the Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Each committee operates
under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below.
Copies of the audit committee charter and compensation committee charter are available on our website at www.AvalonSPAC.com, provided,
however, that our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit Committee 

 We have established an audit committee
of the board of directors. Steven Gluckstern, John L. Klinck Jr. and Douglas C. Mangini serve as members of our audit committee. Our board
of directors has determined that each of Stuart H. Bohart, John L. Klinck Jr. and Douglas C. Mangini are independent under the Nasdaq
listing standards and applicable SEC rules. John L. Klinck Jr. serves as the chairman of the audit committee. John L. Klinck Jr. qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. A copy of our audit committee charter is available
on our website: www.AvalonSPAC.com. 

81 

The primary functions of
the audit committee include: 

appointing, compensating and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm; 

reviewing and approving the annual audit plan for our company; 

overseeing the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; 

discussing the annual audited financial statements and unaudited quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints (including anonymous complaints) we receive concerning accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing matters or potential violations of law; 

monitoring our environmental sustainability and governance practices; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

approving audit and non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing earnings press releases and financial information provided to analysts and rating agencies; 

discussing with management our policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing any material transaction between our Chief Financial Officer that has been approved in accordance with our Code of Ethics for our officers, and providing prior written approval of any material transaction between us and our Chief Executive Officer; and 

producing an annual report for inclusion in our proxy statement, in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 

The audit committee is a
separately designated standing committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Stuart H. Bohart, John L. Klinck Jr. and Douglas
C. Mangini. Stuart H. Bohart serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

Under the Nasdaq listing
standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors.
Our board of directors has determined that each of Stuart H. Bohart, John L. Klinck Jr., and Douglas C. Mangini are independent.
We have adopted a compensation committee charter, a copy of which is available at our website. The principal functions of the compensation
committee include: 

reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and setting our Chief Executive Officer s compensation level based on this evaluation; 

setting salaries and approving incentive compensation and equity awards, as well as compensation policies, for all other officers who file reports of their ownership, and changes in ownership, of our company s common stock under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act (the Section 16 Officers ), as designated by our board of directors; 

making recommendations to the board with respect to incentive compensation programs and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval; 

approving any employment or severance agreements with our Section 16 Officers; 

granting any awards under equity compensation plans and annual bonus plans to our Chief Executive Officer and the Section 16 Officers; 

approving the compensation of our directors; and 

producing an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in our proxy statement, in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 

82 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel
or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers
currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or
more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee 

We have established a corporate
governance and nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our corporate governance and nominating committee
are Stuart H. Bohart, John L. Klinck Jr. and Douglas C. Mangini, and Douglas C. Mangini serves as chairman of the corporate governance
and nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a corporate governance and nominating committee
composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Stuart H. Bohart, John L. Klinck
Jr. and Douglas C. Mangini are independent. A copy of our corporate governance and nominating committee charter is available on
our website, www.AvalonSPAC.com. 

The primary function of
the corporate governance and nominating committee include: 

identifying individuals qualified to become members of the board of directors and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding nominees for election; 

reviewing the independence of each director and making a recommendation to the board of directors with respect to each director s independence; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors the corporate governance principles applicable to us and reviewing our corporate governance guidelines at least annually; 

making recommendations to the board of directors with respect to the membership of the audit, compensation and corporate governance and nominating committees; 

overseeing the evaluation of the performance of the board of directors and its committees on a continuing basis, including an annual self-evaluation of the performance of the corporate governance and nominating committee; 

considering the adequacy of our governance structures and policies, including as they relate to our environmental sustainability and governance practices; 

considering director nominees recommended by stockholders; and 

reviewing our overall corporate governance and reporting to the board of directors on its findings and any recommendations. 

Guidelines for Selecting
Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting
nominees, as specified in the charter provide that persons to be nominated: 

should possess personal qualities and characteristics, accomplishments and reputation in the business community; 

should have current knowledge and contacts in the communities in which we do business and in our industry or other industries relevant to our business; 

should have the ability and willingness to commit adequate time to the board of directors and committee matters; 

should demonstrate ability and willingness to commit adequate time to the board of directors and committee matters; 

should possess the fit of the individual s skills and personality with those of other directors and potential directors in building a board of directors that is effective, collegial and responsive to our needs; and 

should demonstrate diversity of viewpoints, background, experience, and other demographics, and all aspects of diversity in order to enable the board to perform its duties and responsibilities effectively, including candidates with a diversity of age, gender, nationality, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation. 

83 

Each year in connection
with the nomination of candidates for election to the board of directors, the corporate governance and nominating committee will
evaluate the background of each candidate, including candidates that may be submitted by our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

Effective October 5, 2021,
we adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors, and employees. The code of ethics codifies
the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on our website
at www.AvalonSPAC.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current
Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest

In general, officers and
directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities
to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Certain of our officers
and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of
a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity
to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or
contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

84 

Below is a table summarizing
the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material
management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Donald H. Putnam 
 
 Grail Partners, LLC 
 
 M A advisory private equity fund manager 
 
 Managing Partner 

The Chalice Fund 
 
 Private equity fund 
 
 Manager 

Manifold Partners, LLC 
 
 Artificial intelligence hedge fund manager 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Welton Investment Partners 
 
 Quantitative investment firm 
 
 Board member 

S. Craig Cognetti 
 
 Grail Partners, LLC 
 
 M A advisory private equity fund manager 
 
 Managing Partner 

The Chalice Fund 
 
 Private equity fund 
 
 Manager 

Stuart H. Bohart 
 
 Fort L.P. 
 
 Quantitative investment management firm 
 
 President and COO 

John L. Klinck Jr. 
 
 Hyperplane Venture Capital 
 
 Venture capital firm 
 
 Managing Partner 

Cardlytics 
 
 Purchase intelligence platform company 
 
 Board member 

Xpansiv Limited 
 
 Global carbon and environmental commodities exchange platform 
 
 Board member 

R. Rachel Hsu 
 
 Grail Partners, LLC 
 
 M A advisory private equity fund manager 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Manifold Partners, LLC 
 
 Artificial intelligence hedge fund manager 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

85 

Potential investors should
also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares on October 21, 2020 and purchased 8,100,000 private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the completion window. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. The private placement warrants will not be transferable until the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and director nominees will own common stock or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors
or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In
the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor,
executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, that such initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore,
in no event will either of our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be
paid by the company any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order
to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, we will also reimburse our sponsor for office space
and administrative support services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. 

We cannot assure you that any of
the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

In the event that we submit
our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder
shares, and our sponsor and the members of our management team have agreed to vote any shares purchased during or after the offering,
in favor of our initial business combination. 

86 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity
securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other
equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. As a result of an inadvertent delay, Form
3 for all reporting persons were filed untimely. Specifically, initial statements of beneficial ownership on Form 3 for each of
our executive officers and directors, Donald H. Putnam, S. Craig Cognetti, Joh Griff, R. Rachel Hsu, Steven Gluckstern, John L.
Klinck Jr., and Douglas C. Mangini were not filed on the effective date of the registration statement first registering our securities
under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (i.e., on October 5, 2021) and instead the Form 3 were filed on October 14, 2021. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized
by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their
fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly
or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions,
or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. 

We have entered into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our certificate
of incorporation. Our amended and restated bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee
for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. 

We have purchased a policy
of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and
directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a
result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever
(except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly,
any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account
or (ii) we complete an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations
may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These
provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even
though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment
may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant
to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions,
the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into
any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of
employment. 

87 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

None of our executive officers
or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or
any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or
our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust
account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in
place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination.
Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be
paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion
of our initial business combination. There have not been any material out-of-pocket expenses subject to reimbursement incurred
or accrued as of December 31, 2022. 

After the completion of
our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy
solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members
of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because
the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation.
Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination,
either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on
our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial
business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment
or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or
selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of
our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination.
We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets
forth, as of December 31, 2022, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known
by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (ii) each of our
officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. There were 20,855,250 shares of Class A common
stock and 5,175,000 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership
of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2022. Unless otherwise
noted, the business address of each of our stockholders is 2 Embarcadero Center, 8 th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111. 

88 

Name of Securityholder 
 Class A Shares 
 
 Class B Shares (1) 
 
 Total Shares 

Avalon Acquisition Holdings LLC (2) 

5,025,000 
 97.1 
 5,025,000 
 19.3 
 
 Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (3) 
 1,336,805 
 6.4 

Saba Capital Management, L.P. (4) 
 1,400,416 
 6.7 

Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC (5) 
 1,064,119 
 5.1 

Donald H. Putnam (2) 

S. Craig Cognetti (2) 

Stuart H. Bohart 

John Griff 

R. Rachel Hsu 

John L. Klinck Jr. 

50,000 
 1.0 

Douglas C. Mangini 

50,000 
 1.0 

All directors and executive officers as a group (seven individuals) (6) 

5,175,000 
 100 
 
 19.8 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination as described in the section entitled Description of Securities. 

(2) 
 Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. S. Craig Cognetti and Donald H. Putnam are the co-managing members of our sponsor and have shared voting and dispositive power over the founder shares owned by our sponsor. S. Craig Cognetti and Donald H. Putnam disclaim beneficial ownership of these shares except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. All but one of our officers and directors have a direct or indirect interest in our sponsor. 

(3) 
 Information based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 31, 2023, by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC and certain funds and accounts to which Highbridge Capital Management, LLC is the investment adviser. The principal business address of the foregoing reporting persons is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. 

(4) 
 Information based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on
February 14, 2023 by Saba Capital Management, L.P., Saba Capital Management GP, LLC and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein. The principal
business address of the foregoing reporting persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58 th Floor, New York, New York
10174. 

(5) 
 Information based on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by Lighthouse
Investment Partners, LLC and certain portfolios to which Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC is the investment manager, including certain
sub-trust and sub-funds to which LHP Ireland Fund Management Limited serves as the manager. The principal business addresses
of the foregoing reporting persons are 3801 PGA Boulevard, Suite 500, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 and 32 Molesworth Street, Dublin,
D02 Y512, Ireland. 

(6) 
 Include s 50,00 0 share s issue d t o Steve n Gluckster n prio r t o hi s resignatio n fro m th e Board o f Directors. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any
equity compensation plans. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence. 

The following is a summary
of transactions since our formation on October 12, 2020, to which we have been a participant in which the amount involved exceeded
or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets as of December 31, 2022, and in which any of our
directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing
persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Founder Shares 

On October 21, 2020, our
sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration
of 5,750,000 shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001. On August 30, 2021, our sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 of these
shares, for no consideration, such that there were 4,312,500 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. On October 5, 2021, we
effected a stock dividend of 0.2 of a founder share for each outstanding founder share, which resulted in our sponsor holding an
aggregate of 5,175,000 founder shares. On October 5, 2021, our sponsor transferred 150,000 Founder Shares to our then independent
directors. 

89 

Private Placement Warrants 

Our sponsor purchased an
aggregate of 8,100,000 private placement warrants for an aggregate purchase price of 8,100,000, in connection with our initial
public offering. Each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share.
The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold in the public offering except that the private placement warrants,
so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) are not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including
the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised
by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. 

Related Party Loans 

On October 31, 2020, our
sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 250,000 to cover expenses related to initial public offering pursuant to a promissory
note. This loan was non-interest bearing and payable, as amended, on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion of the
Initial Public Offering. We borrowed 197,000 under the promissory note, and on October 14, 2021, we repaid the promissory note
in full. 

Our officers and directors
are entitled to reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating
and completing an initial business combination. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to
the Sponsor, our officers, directors or its or their affiliates. 

In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor, or our officers and directors may, but are not
obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such working capital loans
out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a
portion of proceeds held outside the trust account to repay the working capital loans but no proceeds held in the trust account
would be used to repay the working capital loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such working capital loans, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

We currently utilize office
space at Two Embarcadero Center, 8 th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111 from our sponsor as our executive offices. Commencing
upon consummation of the initial public offering, we have paid the sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial
and administrative support services provided to members of our management team. Upon completion of our initial business combination
or our liquidation, we will cease paying these fees. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

The holders of the Founder
Shares, private placement warrants, warrants and representative shares that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
(and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may
be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement.
The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. However, the registration rights agreement provides that
we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable
lockup period. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

90 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee of our
board of directors has adopted a charter, providing for the review and approval of related party transactions, which
are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the
SEC, by the audit committee. We have also adopted a formal policy for the review and approval of related party transactions. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see above Part
III, Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and
Officers 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized
by Delaware law as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors,
unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the
law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal
benefit from their actions as directors. We have entered into indemnity agreements with each of our officers and directors. These
agreements require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law and to advance expenses
incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. 

Our amended and restated
bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or
her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit indemnification. We have purchased a directors and officers 
liability insurance policy that insures our directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment
in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify the directors and officers. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

 Audit fees consist of fees billed
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered for the
audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective
periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 134,160 and 88,700, respectively.
The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

 Audit-related
services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of
our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required
by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Withum for consultations
concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees 

 Tax services include fees billed
for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. The aggregate tax fees billed by Withum during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 8,840 and 4,000, respectively. 

All Other Fees 

 All other fees consist of fees
billed for all other services. We did not pay Withum any other fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval of Services 

Our audit committee was
formed upon the closing of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee was not able to pre-approve all of the
foregoing services, although all such services were approved by our board of directors. All services subsequent to the formation
of the audit committee have been pre-approved by the audit committee (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit
services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

91 

part
IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following are filed with this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements - The financial statements listed on the Index to Financial Statements 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules - Not applicable 

(3) 
 Exhibits - The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed with this
report. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2022, by and among Avalon Acquisition, Inc., The Beneficient Company Group, L.P., Beneficient Merger Sub I, Inc., and Beneficient Merger Sub II, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form
 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 12, 2021) 

3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872)
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 12, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form
 S-1/A (File No. 333-253654) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Class A Common Stock Share Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration
 Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253654) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on
 Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253654) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and Avalon Acquisition Inc. (Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on October 12, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and Avalon Acquisition
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 12, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, among Avalon Acquisition Inc. and certain security holders (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on October 12, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Avalon Acquisition Inc. and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on October 12, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Avalon Acquisition Inc. and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 October 12, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement
 on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253654) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Avalon Acquisition Inc. and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
 12, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Avalon Acquisition Inc. and Donald H. Putnam (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
 12, 2021) 

92 

10.8 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Avalon Acquisition Inc. and Douglas C. Mangini (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
 14, 2021) 

10.9 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Avalon Acquisition Inc. and John Griff (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 15,
 2021) 

10.10 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Avalon Acquisition Inc. and John L. Klinck Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
 12, 2021) 

10.11 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Avalon Acquisition Inc. and R. Rachel Hsu (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
 12, 2021) 

10.12 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Avalon Acquisition Inc. and S. Craig Cognetti (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
 12, 2021) 

10.13 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, between Avalon Acquisition Inc. and Steven Gluckstern (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
 12, 2021) 

10.14 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated October 31, 2020, issued to our Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Amendment No.
 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253654) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2021) 

10.15 
 
 Amendment
 to Promissory Note, dated October 31, 2020, issued to our Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s
 Amendment No. 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253654) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 September 7, 2021) 

10.16 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, dated October 21, 2020, between Avalon Acquisition Inc. and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.4 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253654) filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2021) 

10.17 
 
 Form of Amendment to Letter Agreement of October 5, 2021, dated as of September 21, 2022, to be executed by and among the Company, Avalon Acquisition, Inc. and certain Sponsor Persons. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2022). 

10.18 
 
 Founder Voting and Support Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2022, by and among The Beneficient Company Group, L.P., Avalon and certain holders named therein. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2022). 

14 
 
 Code
 of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A
 (File No. 333-253654) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2021) 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant
 to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant
 to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2022, by and between The Beneficient Company Group, L.P. and Sponsor. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2022). 

99.2 
 
 Sponsor Voting and Support Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2022, by and between The Beneficient Company Group, L.P. and Sponsor. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40872) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2022). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

93 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AVALON ACQUISITION INC. 

Date: 
 February 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ S. Craig Cognetti 

Name: 
 S. Craig Cognetti 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ S. Craig Cognetti 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 S. Craig Cognetti 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ R. Rachel Hsu 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 R. Rachel Hsu 
 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Donald H. Putnam 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 Donald Putnam 

/ s/ Stuart H. Bohart 

Stuart H. Bohart 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 

/s/ John L. Klinck Jr. 

John L. Klinck Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 

/s/ Douglas C. Mangini 

Douglas C. Mangini 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 

94 

AVALON ACQUISITION INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Financial Statements 
 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 100) 
 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

 Avalon Acquisition Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Avalon Acquisition Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in
stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional
funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by April 8, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except
for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2020. 

New York,

February
23, 2023 

PCAOB
ID NUMBER 

F- 2 

AVALON ACQUISITION INC. 
 Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Franchise tax payable 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting compensation 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A Common stock subject to possible redemption, par value per share, shares authorized; issued and outstanding at and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, shares authorized; issued or outstanding 

Class A Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; non-redeemable shares issued and outstanding (excluding 20,700,000 common shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B Common stock, Par Value per share, shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

AVALON ACQUISITION INC. 
 Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended 
 For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses - related party 

Franchise tax expense 

Total operating expenses 

Income on investments held in Trust Account 

Financing costs - derivative warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Income before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net Income 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted - Class A 

Basic and diluted - Class B 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

Class A 

Class B 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

AVALON ACQUISITION INC. 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Common Stock 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Common Stock 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Excess of cash received over fair value of private placement warrants 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Representative shares issued 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

AVALON ACQUISITION INC. 
 Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Financing costs - derivative warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative warrants liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Franchise taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 

Redemption of Trust Account income for taxes 

Net cash provided by(used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from note payable to related party 

Repayment of note payable to related party 

Proceeds received from initial public offering 

Proceeds received from private placement 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Income taxes paid 

Supplemental disclosure for non-cash financing activities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

AVALON ACQUISITION INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock
included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of the over-allotment
option to purchase an additional Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described
in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (each, a Private Placement
Warrant and, collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant
in a private placement to Avalon Acquisition Holdings, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of ,
which is described in Note 3. 

Following the closing
of the Initial Public Offering on October 8, 2021, an amount of 10.15 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale
of the units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust
Account located in the United States and held as cash and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning
set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with
a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected
by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the
earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account,
as described below. 

The Company s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally
toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination
successfully. The Company s initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a
fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding taxes payable on interest
income earned from the Trust Account and the deferred underwriting commissions) at the time of the agreement to enter into the
initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the
Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

The Company will provide
its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called
to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public
Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially
 10.15 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public
Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 5).
There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants.
The Public Shares subject to redemption are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity in accordance with
the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

The Company will proceed
with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business
Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
If a stockholder vote is not required by law or stock exchange requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder
vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain
stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection
with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor has agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) and
any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally,
each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding the above,
if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted
from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent
of the Company. 

The Company s Sponsor
has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection
with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of its
Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with
the opportunity to redeem their shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

On January 5, 2023, the
Company extended the period of time to consummate an initial Business Combination until April 8, 2023, and concurrently The Beneficient Company Group, L.P. deposited into the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Investment Management
Trust Agreement. It has the option to extend further the period of time to consummate an initial Business
Combination until July 8, 2023 (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and
(iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining
stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The Sponsor has agreed to waive
its right to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such
Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to its deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5)
held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such
event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the
Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution
will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit 10.00). 

In order to protect the
amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third
party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) 10.15 per Public Share
or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except
as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as
to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any
liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify
the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Proposed Business Combination 

On September 21, 2022,
the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with The Beneficient
Company Group, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership BCG ), Beneficient Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of BCG Merger Sub I ), and Beneficient Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of BCG Merger Sub II and together with Merger Sub I, the Merger
Subs ), as fully disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2022. 

The obligations of the
parties to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of certain customary closing conditions as further described in the Business Combination Agreement. 

BCG filed its Form S-4
Registration Statement on December 9, 2022 and Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4 Registration Statement on January 23, 2023 (collectively,
 Form S-4 and Amendment ). 

Transaction Consideration 

The
aggregate consideration to be paid in the Business Combination to the direct or indirect owners of Avalon consists of 
shares of Beneficient Class A common stock (the Beneficient Class A common stock ), shares of
Beneficient Series A preferred stock (the Beneficient Series A preferred stock and warrants (the Beneficient
Warrants ). At the Avalon Merger Effective Time, as defined in Form S-4 and Amendment, each
share of Avalon Class A common stock and Avalon Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Avalon Merger Effective Time will be entitled to receive, for each share of Avalon common stock, one share of Beneficent Class A
common stock. As additional merger consideration, each holder of Avalon Class A common stock will also receive, for each share
of Avalon Class A common stock that is not redeemed, one share of Beneficient Series A preferred stock. Each share of Beneficient
Series A preferred stock that is then issued and outstanding is convertible into one-fourth (1/4) of a share of Beneficient
Class A common stock on, and only on, the later of (i) 90 days after the Avalon Merger Effective Time and (ii) 30 days after
a registration statement under the Securities Act has been declared effective with respect to the issuance of Beneficient Class A
common stock and Beneficient Series A preferred stock upon the exercise of the Beneficient Warrants unless the holder thereof elects
to not convert under the optional conversion rights. 

Also at the Avalon
Merger Effective Time, each Avalon warrant issued and outstanding, entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Avalon
Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share (subject to adjustment), will automatically convert into the
right to purchase, at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment), one share of Beneficient Class A common
stock and one share of Beneficient Series A preferred stock upon consummation of the Business Combination. 

There
are a number of conditions to closing, each of which are set forth in the Business Combination Agreement as fully disclosed
in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2022. 

Refer
to BCG s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4 Registration Statement filed on January 23, 2023 for
more information. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had in its operating bank account, in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business
Combination or to repurchase or redeem its common stock in connection therewith and working capital deficit of approximately 
(not taking account approximately of franchise and income taxes payable as such amounts can be paid from the income earned
in the Trust Account). 

Until the consummation
of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective
acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the
target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

Prior to the consummation
of its Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity needs were satisfied through the payment of from the
Sponsor to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in consideration of Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), and the loan
from the Sponsor of under the Note (as defined in Note 4). The Company repaid the Note in full on October 15,
2021. Following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net
proceeds of million from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (including the Over-Allotment) and the Private
Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated
to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

 In connection with the
 Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
 of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity
 condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
 continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be
 required to liquidate after April 8, 2023. Management plans to complete a business combination prior to the mandatory
 liquidation. 

. The Company has not experienced losses
on this account, and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

), together with of underwriter s
discount, were allocated to temporary equity instruments and derivative warrant liabilities ), based on
their relative values, and charged to temporary equity or expensed (in the case of the portion allocated to derivative warrant
liabilities) upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

and , respectively, with a full valuation allowance against them. 

The Company s current
taxable income primarily consists of income earned on the Trust Account. The Company s general and administrative costs are
generally considered start-up costs and are not currently deductible. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded
 in income tax expense. The Company s effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately
 and , respectively, which differs from the expected income tax rate due to the start-up costs (discussed above), the change
in value of warrant liabilities, and the transaction costs allocated to the warrant liabilities which are not currently deductible. 

FASB ASC Topic 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in
significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major
taxing authorities since inception. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per common stock 

public shares sold as part of Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows
for the redemption of public shares if the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection
with a Business Combination. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company
require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and
liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company
did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its public shares in an amount
that would cause its net tangible assets (i.e., total assets less intangible assets and liabilities) to be less than 
upon the closing of a Business Combination. 

While redemptions cannot
cause the Company s net tangible assets to fall below 5,000,000, all shares of Class A common stock sold in the Initial
Public Offering are redeemable and are classified as temporary equity on the Company s balance sheet until such time as a
redemption event takes place. The value of Class A common stock that may be redeemed is equal to 10.24 and 10.15 per share, respectively,
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (which is the assumed redemption price) multiplied by 20,700,000 shares of Class A common stock. 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its option
to purchase an additional Units, at a price of per unit (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one share
of the Company s Class A common stock, par value and three-fourths of one redeemable warrant Public
Warrant ). Each whole Warrant offered in the Initial Public Offering is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A
common stock at per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants for an aggregate
purchase price of . Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock
at a price of per share. 

, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of the Company s offering
costs in consideration of shares of the Class B common stock, par value . On August 30, 2021, the Sponsor
forfeited of these shares, for no consideration, such that there were shares of Class B common stock outstanding.
On October 5, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of 0.2 of a founder share for each outstanding founder share, which resulted
in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of Founder Shares (up to 675,000 of which were subject to forfeiture by
the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriter s option to purchase additional units is exercised). All share
and per share amounts have been retroactively restated for the share forfeiture and stock dividend. The Founder Shares include
an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option is
not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the Company s issued and
outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriter s election to exercise fully its over-allotment
option, Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. On October 5, 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder
Shares to its then independent directors. 

The Sponsor has agreed,
subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one
year after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported
sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange
or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On October 31, 2020, the
Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Proposed Public Offering pursuant
to a promissory note (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and was payable, as amended,
on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. On October 15, 2021, the Company repaid the
balance of in full to the Sponsor. Because the balance of the Promissory Note has been repaid, it is no longer available
to the Company. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

Commencing on the effective
date of the Initial Public Offering, on October 5, 2021 the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for
office space and administrative support services. Upon completion of an initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred of these fees which
are included in general and administrative expenses related party on the accompanying statement of operations. For the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred of these fees which are included in general and administrative expenses
 related party on the accompanying statement of operations and prepaid of these fees which are included in prepaid
expenses on the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated
to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination,
the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. In the event
that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the
Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the
foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price
of per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, there were working capital loans outstanding. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On October 8, 2021, the underwriter
exercised such option in full. 

The underwriter received an
underwriting discount of 0.125 per Unit, or 
in the aggregate of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of
 0.35 per Unit, or 
in the aggregate; (but who are members of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or
regulated broker-dealers) that assist the underwriter in consummating the initial Business Combination. The deferred fee will be
waived by the underwriter in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. 

In addition, the Company
issued to the underwriter non-redeemable shares of Class A common stock upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, at
a price of (the Representative Shares ). These shares were fair valued at at the Initial
Public Offering using Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing Level 3 inputs. The holder of the Representative Shares
has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares without the Company s prior consent until the completion of the
Company s initial Business Combination. In addition, the holder of the Representative Shares has agreed (i) to waive its
conversion rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of
the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust account
with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the required time period.
The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days
immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement. 

Public Warrants and Private Warrants were outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number
of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants
will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be
obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A
common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying
its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable
and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the share
of Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the
securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 

The Company has agreed
that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company
will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities
Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the closing of the initial business combination
and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration
or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering
the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business
day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a
 cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In addition, if
the Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that
they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company
may, at its option, require holders of the Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company elects to do so, the Company will not
be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will use its best efforts to register or qualify the
shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption of warrants
when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the Public Warrants become exercisable,
the Company may redeem the Public Warrants (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of the Company s Class A common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted). 

If and when the warrants become redeemable
by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities
for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

Redemption of warrants
when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the Public Warrants become exercisable,
the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A common stock; 

if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted); and 

if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 

If and when the Public
Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify
the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If the Company calls the
Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants
to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock
dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not
be adjusted for issuances of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the
Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with
respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account
with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

The Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private
Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the
Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial
purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders
on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value
of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock outstanding, of which shares are subject to
possible redemption and are classified outside of permanent equity in the balance sheets. 

The Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption reflected on the balance sheets is reconciled on the following table: 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Offering costs allocated to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Plus: 

Accretion on Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with
such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board
of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class A Common
Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of 
per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock were issued and outstanding, of which 20,700,000 shares are subject
to redemption. 

Class B Common
Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Holders of Class B
common stock will have the right to elect all of the Company s directors prior to a Business Combination. Holders of Class A
common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders
except as required by law. 

The shares of Class B
common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock on the first business day following the completion
of a Business Combination at a ratio such that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all
Founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of shares of
the Company s common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the sum of (a) all
shares of the Company s common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or deemed issued by the Company in connection with or in relation to the completion of a Business Combination, excluding
(1) any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A
common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any (2) Private Placement Warrants issued
to the Sponsor or any of its affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans minus (b) the number of Public Shares redeemed
by public stockholders in connection with a Business Combination. 

Liabilities: 

Private Placement Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Fair Value Measured as of December 31, 2021 
 
 Description 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Assets: 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Liabilities: 

Private Placement Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Transfers to/from Levels
1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the end of each reporting period. 

Initial Measurement 

The
Company established the initial fair value for the warrants on October 8, 2021, the date of the Company s Initial Public
Offering, using a market-based approach for the Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants. The Company allocated the proceeds
received from (i) the sale of Units (which is inclusive of one share of Class A common stock and three-fourth of
one Public Warrant), (ii) the sale of Private Placement Warrants, and (iii) the issuance of Class B common stock, first
to the Warrants based on their fair values as determined at initial measurement, with the remaining proceeds allocated to Class A
common stock subject to possible redemption (temporary equity), Class A common stock (permanent equity) and Class B common
stock (permanent equity) based on their relative fair values at the initial measurement date. The Warrants were classified as Level 3
at the initial measurement date due to the use of unobservable inputs. On October 8, 2021, the Private Placement Warrants and Public
Warrants were determined to have aggregate values of and , respectively. 

Subsequent Measurement 

The Warrants are measured
at fair value on a recurring basis. The subsequent measurement of the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is classified
as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market under the ticker AVACW. As the transfer of Private
Placement Warrants to anyone outside of a small group of individuals who are permitted transferees would result in the Private
Placement Warrants having substantially the same terms as the Public Warrants, the Company determined that the fair value of each
Private Placement Warrant is equivalent to that of each Public Warrant, with an insignificant adjustment for short-term marketability
restrictions. As such, the Private Placement Warrants are classified as Level 2. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate values
of the Private Placement Warrants and Public Warrants were and , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the
aggregate values of the Private Placement Warrants and Public Warrants were and , respectively. 

The change in the fair value of the derivative
warrant liabilities, measured using Level 3 inputs, for the year ended December 31, 2021 is summarized as follows: 

Transfer of public warrant liabilities to Level 1 

Transfer of private warrant liabilities to Level 2 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021 

State 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company had a total of and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to
offset future taxable income. The federal net operating loss can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had a total of and , respectively, of state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable
income. 

The Company s net
deferred tax assets are as follows: 

Start-up/organization costs 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

In assessing the realization
of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income
during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers
the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.
After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to
future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. 

There were unrecognized
tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31,
2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals
or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 

A reconciliation of the statutory
federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

Financing cost derivative warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

F-23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e4400_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OR 15D-14(A) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, S. Craig Cognetti, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avalon Acquisition Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; and 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

By: /s/ S. Craig Cognetti 

S. Craig Cognetti 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e4400_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OR 15D-14(A) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, R. Rachel Hsu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avalon Acquisition Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; and 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

By: /s/ R. Rachel Hsu 

R. Rachel Hsu 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Accounting and Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e4400_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Avalon
Acquisition Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, S. Craig Cognetti, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

By: /s/ S. Craig Cognetti 

S. Craig Cognetti 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e4400_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Avalon
Acquisition Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, R. Rachel Hsu, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

By: /s/ R. Rachel Hsu 

R. Rachel Hsu 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Accounting and Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 avacu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 avacu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 avacu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 avacu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

