<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1817358_0001817358-23-000062.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11493640</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>403250</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2086316</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4097896</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2456965</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2246665</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001817358-23-000062.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316160505
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001817358-23-000062
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230128
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Academy Sports & Outdoors, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001817358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS SHOPPING GOODS STORES [5940]
		IRS NUMBER:				851800912
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0128

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39589
		FILM NUMBER:		23738748

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1800 NORTH MASON ROAD
		CITY:			KATY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77449
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 646-5200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1800 NORTH MASON ROAD
		CITY:			KATY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77449

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001817358-23-000062.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 aso-20230128.htm
 10-K

aso-20230128 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2023 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ . 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on July 29, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion. 
 As of March 9, 2023, Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. had shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 3 
 PART I 6 
 Item 1. Business 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 40 
 Item 2. Properties 40 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 40 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 41 
 PART II 41 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 41 
 Item 6. Reserved 42 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 43 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 58 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 58 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 59 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 60 
 Item 9B. Other Information 62 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 62 
 PART III 62 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 62 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 62 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 62 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 63 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 63 
 PART IV 64 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 64 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 101 
 SIGNATURES 107 

2 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Annual Report") includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), which are subject to the "safe harbor" created by those sections. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts, including statements reflecting our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are included throughout this Annual Report, including in the section entitled "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and in the section entitled "Risk Factors," and relate to matters such as our industry, business strategy, goals and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, capital expenditures, liquidity and capital resources and other financial and operating information. We have used the words "anticipate," "assume," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "future," "will," "seek," "foreseeable," the negative version of these words or similar terms and phrases to identify forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on management s current expectations and are not guarantees of future performance. The forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, assumptions or changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict or quantify. Our expectations, beliefs, and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that management s expectations, beliefs and projections will result or be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations due to changes in global, regional or local economic, business, competitive, market, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We believe that these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report, as such risk factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and are accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Annual Report speaks only as of the date of this Annual Report and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this Annual Report. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, investments or other strategic transactions we may make. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by any applicable securities laws. 

BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 
 All references to "Academy," "we," "us," "our" or the "Company" in this Annual Report refer to (1) prior to October 1, 2020, New Academy Holding Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the prior parent holding company of our operations, and its consolidated subsidiaries; and (2) on and after October 1, 2020, Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc., a Delaware corporation and the current parent holding company of our operations, and its consolidated subsidiaries. We conduct our operations through our subsidiaries, including our indirect subsidiary, Academy, Ltd., an operating company which is doing business as Academy Sports + Outdoors. All of the Company s sales and business operations occur at Academy, Ltd., and Academy, Ltd. is also the borrower and/or issuer of the Company s long-term debt and lessee of facilities. 
 
 We operate on a retail fiscal calendar pursuant to which our fiscal year consists of 52 or 53 weeks, ending on the Saturday closest to January 31 (which such Saturday may occur on a date following January 31) each year. References to any year, quarter, or month mean our fiscal year, fiscal quarter, and fiscal month, respectively, unless the context requires otherwise. References to 2020, 2021, and 2022 relate to our fiscal years ended January 30, 2021, January 29, 2022, and January 28, 2023, respectively, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 
 Numerical figures included in this Annual Report have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, numerical figures shown as totals in various tables may not be arithmetic aggregations of the figures that precede them. 

3 

RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described below in the section entitled Risk Factors. In addition to the following summary, you should consider the information set forth in the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report before investing in our securities. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 overall decline in the health of the economy and consumer discretionary spending; 
 our ability to predict or effectively react to changes in consumer tastes and preferences, to acquire and sell brand name merchandise at competitive prices and/or to manage our inventory balances; 
 the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and the communities we serve; 
 risks associated with our reliance on internationally manufactured merchandise; 
 our ability to safeguard sensitive or confidential data relating to us and our customers, team members and vendors; 
 intense competition in the sporting goods and outdoor recreation retail industries; 
 our ability to operate, update or implement our information technology systems; 
 risks associated with disruptions in our supply chain and losses of merchandise purchasing incentives; 
 harm to our reputation; 
 any failure of our third-party vendors of outsourced business services and solutions; 
 our ability to successfully continue our store growth plans or manage our growth effectively, or any failure of our new stores to generate sales and/or achieve profitability; 
 risks associated with our e-commerce business; 
 risks related to our private label brand merchandise; 
 any disruption in the operation of our distribution centers; 
 quarterly and seasonal fluctuations in our operating results; 
 the occurrence of severe weather events, catastrophic health events, natural or man-made disasters, social and political conditions or civil unrest; 
 our dependence on our ability to meet our labor needs; 
 our ability to retain key personnel; 
 the geographic concentration of our stores; 
 fluctuations in merchandise (including raw materials) costs and availability; 
 payment-related risks; 
 the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising programs; 
 our ability to successfully pursue strategic acquisitions and integrate acquired businesses. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 our ability to comply with laws and regulations affecting our business, including those relating to the sale, manufacture and import of consumer products; 
 risks related to climate change and other sustainability-related matters; 
 claims, demands and lawsuits to which we are, and may in the future, be subject and the risk that our insurance or indemnities coverage may not be sufficient; 
 risks related to product safety; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property and avoid the infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 our level of indebtedness and related debt service payments and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy all of our obligations under our indebtedness; 
 our ability to incur substantially more debt; 
 our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk; 
 restrictions on our current and future operations imposed by the terms of our indebtedness; 
 our ability to borrow under the ABL Facility (as defined below); 
 our level of indebtedness may hinder our ability to negotiate favorable terms with our vendors; 

4 

Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 our stock price is volatile or may decline; 
 our ability or decision to pay dividends on our common stock or conduct stock repurchases; 
 lack of or negative coverage by securities analysts; 
 anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control; 
 our board of directors is authorized to issue and designate shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval; 
 our exclusive forum provision; and 
 you may be diluted by any future issuances of shares by us. 
 
 These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this Annual Report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in our forward-looking statements. 

5 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See the section of this Annual Report entitled "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements." When reviewing the discussion below, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that characterize our business. Known material factors that could affect our financial performance and actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements included in this discussion or otherwise made by our management, are described in the "Risk Factors" section of this Annual Report. 

Who We Are 
 Academy Sports + Outdoors is a leading full-line sporting goods and outdoor recreation retailers in the United States. Originally founded in 1938 as a family business in Texas, we now operate 268 stores across 18 contiguous states. Our mission is to provide Fun for All and we fulfill this mission with a localized merchandising strategy and value proposition that deeply connect with a broad range of consumers. Our product assortment focuses on key categories of outdoor, apparel, sports recreation and footwear (representing 31 , 28 , 21 , and 20 of our 2022 net sales, respectively) through both leading national brands and a portfolio of 20 private label brands, which go well beyond traditional sporting goods and apparel offerings. 
 
 We believe the following attributes differentiate us from our competitors: 
 Value-based assortment that enables our customers to participate and have fun, no matter their budget. 
 Broad assortment that extends beyond sporting goods and apparel to outdoor recreation and is localized for individual stores. 
 Emerging, growing and profitable omnichannel strategy that leverages our buy-online-pickup-in-store program ("BOPIS") and shipping fulfillment capabilities. 
 Strong customer loyalty, with opportunities to increase penetration in existing markets. 
 Regional focus in the southern United States with a growing presence in some of the fastest-growing Metropolitan Statistical Areas (or "MSAs"). 
 Core customers comprising active families that we support with one-stop shop convenience. 
 Significant whitespace opportunity for new stores for both in-fill and adjacent geographies and new markets. 
 
 We believe we sit in a sweet-spot of consumer demand, offering a broad, value-based assortment of sporting goods and outdoor recreation products, so our customers can participate and have fun, no matter their budget. Sporting goods shoppers consistently rate us as the top retailer for offering sporting and outdoor recreation products for a wide range of customers and being a one-stop shop. We carefully curate our products to provide the right assortment that appeals to customers from beginners to experts, including families and casual participants. 
 
 Our access to national brand and private label brand merchandise creates a comprehensive portfolio of value-based and diversified products, spanning various price-points, that differentiates our assortment from our peers. Our category, brand and price-point mix is unique to Academy and difficult to replicate at other retailers. Approximately 80 of our 2022 merchandise sales was comprised of national brand products, with the remainder coming from exclusive products in our portfolio of private label brands. No single brand we carry accounted for more than 11 of our 2022 sales. 
 
 We endeavor to offer products for customers of all ages, incomes and aspirations across sporting and outdoor recreation activities, seasons and experience levels. As such, we have a balanced, year-round business and a large customer base. Our average customer visits our stores anywhere from two to three times per year. 

6 

Our Industry 
 The retail business is highly competitive based on many variables including price, product assortment, customer service, omnichannel experience and store locations. 
 The retail sporting goods and outdoor recreation retail industry comprises six principal categories of retailers: 
 Mass general merchants (examples: Walmart, Kohl s and Target) generally range in size from 50,000 to over 200,000 square feet and are typically located in shopping centers, free-standing sites or regional malls. Sporting goods merchandise and apparel and outdoor recreation products may represent a small portion of the total merchandise in these stores. 
 Large format sporting goods stores (examples: Dick s Sporting Goods and Scheels) generally range in size from 20,000 to over 100,000 square feet and offer a broad selection of sporting goods and outdoor recreation merchandise. 
 Traditional sporting goods stores (examples: Hibbett Sports and Big 5 Sporting Goods) generally range in size from 5,000 to 20,000 square feet and are frequently located in regional malls and shopping centers and typically carry a varied assortment of primarily sporting goods merchandise. 
 Specialty outdoor retailers (examples: Bass Pro Shop/Cabela s and Sportsman s Warehouse) generally range in size from 7,500 to over 100,000 square feet and typically focus on specific categories such as outdoor recreation. 
 Specialty footwear retailers (examples: Foot Locker, Boot Barn and The Finish Line) generally range in size from 2,000 to 20,000 square feet and typically focus on specific categories such as athletic footwear. 
 Catalogue Internet retailers (examples: Amazon, eBay, and Fanatics) do not typically operate brick and mortar stores and primarily rely on delivery of goods. Sporting goods merchandise and apparel and outdoor recreation products may represent a small portion of the total merchandise on their websites. 
 Our primary competitors are large format sporting goods stores and mass general merchants that offer sporting goods, outdoor recreation products and other lifestyle and recreational merchandise. 

Merchandising 
 
 Our merchandise consists of national brand products that we purchase and license from various vendors, private label brand products that we brand with our internal brands and exclusive license products that we purchase and license from vendors and carry exclusively. We have long-standing relationships with many of our suppliers and have partnered with them to grow our business over time. In 2022, we purchased merchandise from approximately 1,400 vendors. For 2022, 2021 and 2020 no vendor represented more than 11 , 11 , and 12 of our total purchases, respectively. 
 
 We have preferred access to hundreds of well-recognized national brands, such as Nike, Under Armour, adidas, Winchester, Brooks, Crocs, Wilson, Spaulding, Yeti, the North Face, and Columbia Sportswear, which are critical to our market penetration. These and some of our other national brands rely on us to broaden their consumer reach, which fosters a mutually beneficial relationship when it comes to pricing and assortment, and we play a critical role in delivering customer volume for these brands. Our national brand assortment spans across each brand s price spectrum, which we complement with an assortment of our private label brands priced below the national brand price spectrum. As such, we receive favorable product allocations from leading suppliers. 
 
 Our private label brand portfolio consists of 20 brands, including Academy Sports + Outdoors, Magellan Outdoors, BCG, O'rageous, Game Winner, Outdoor Gourmet and Freely. Our private label brand strategy focuses on in-filling categories and price points that our national brand products may not satisfy. Our private label brand offerings support and complement our overall merchandising strategy due to limited price-point overlap with national brands. Additionally, our private label brands generate strong brand equity and drive significant customer loyalty. Approximately 56 of our customers purchased a private label brand from us in 2022. 

7 

As of January 28, 2023, we generally organized our merchandise in four divisions made up of sixteen categories as follows: 
 
 Division Category Primary product types Outdoors Camping Coolers and drinkware, camping accessories, camping equipment, sunglasses, backpacks and sports bags Fishing Marine equipment and fishing rods, reels, baits and equipment Hunting Firearms, ammunition, archery and archery equipment, camouflage apparel, waders, shooting accessories, optics, airguns and hunting equipment 
 Sports and Recreation Fitness Fitness equipment, fitness accessories and nutrition supplies Team sports Team and specialty sports equipment, including baseball, football, basketball, soccer, golf, racket sports, and volleyball Recreation Patio furniture, outdoor cooking, wheeled goods (bicycles, skateboards and other ride-on toys), trampolines, play sets, watersports and pet equipment Front end Electronics, watches, and front-end (consumables, batteries, etc.) Apparel Outdoor and seasonal apparel Outdoor apparel, seasonal apparel, denim, work apparel, graphic t-shirts and accessories Youth apparel Boys and girls outdoor and athletic apparel Athletic apparel Sporting apparel and apparel for fitness Licensed apparel Professional and collegiate team licensed apparel and accessories Footwear Casual and seasonal footwear Casual shoes, slippers, seasonal footwear and socks Work footwear Work and western boots, shoes and hunting footwear Youth footwear Boys and girls athletic footwear Athletic footwear Running shoes, athletic lifestyle and training shoes Team sports footwear Team and specialty sports footwear and slides 

8 

The following table sets forth the approximate amount of sales (all of which are based in the U.S.) by merchandise divisions for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 Merchandise sales Outdoors 1,940,811 2,174,650 1,968,514 Sports and recreation 1,366,785 1,463,172 1,256,357 Apparel 1,759,005 1,810,345 1,390,519 Footwear 1,291,224 1,290,197 1,044,502 Total merchandise sales (1) 
 6,357,825 6,738,364 5,659,892 Other sales (2) 
 37,248 34,764 29,341 Net sales 6,395,073 6,773,128 5,689,233 
 (1) E-commerce sales consist of 10.7 , 9.3 and 10.4 of merchandise sales for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Other sales consists primarily of the gift card breakage income, credit card bounties and royalties, shipping income, net hunting and fishing license income, sales return allowance and other items. 

Stores 
 
 Our stores, all of which are based in the U.S., are designed to provide our customers with an easy-in, easy-out shopping experience. The interior of most of our stores are built around a central racetrack aisle that allows customers to efficiently navigate our selling floor. Additionally, our stores generally have consistent store layouts providing our customers familiarity across our entire store base. We seek to offer our customers strong merchandise assortment and a localized customer experience, which is facilitated by various types of merchandise fixtures and our large selling floor. Our central racetrack aisle and adjacent end-cap merchandising space allows us to adjust our inventory presentations throughout our various selling seasons. 
 
 Our stores average approximately 70,000 gross square feet, of which approximately 85 is dedicated to selling space. Our store locations are typically positioned adjacent to major highways or thoroughfares, allowing customers to easily locate our stores. We seek to position our stores in areas with certain population densities, demographics and other characteristics to maximize sales. These markets consist of metropolitan, suburban and smaller cities. Additionally, our stores are typically placed in retail centers adjacent to co-tenants who drive significant traffic, with no store tethered to crowded mall spaces. We seek to lease all of our stores in long-term lease agreements with third-party landlords, which typically range from 15 to 20 years. Other than stores that we may temporarily own, and for which we are in the process of executing sale-leaseback transactions, we do not own our retail locations. 
 
 We are active members of the communities in which we operate, and our long-time customers have grown up with Academy and passed their passion for us on to the next generation, enabling us to benefit from strong customer loyalty and shopping frequency. 

9 

As of January 28, 2023, the number of stores that we operated, exclusively in the U.S., by state was as follows: 
 
 State Number of Stores Texas 107 Georgia 20 Louisiana 18 Alabama 15 North Carolina 15 Florida 14 Tennessee 13 Oklahoma 13 Missouri 10 South Carolina 9 Arkansas 8 Mississippi 8 Kansas 6 Kentucky 6 Indiana 3 Illinois 1 Virginia 1 West Virginia 1 268 
 
 We have a strong and growing presence in some of the fastest-growing MSAs in the United States, including Austin, Atlanta and Raleigh, which we believe presents significant growth opportunities in both our core markets and outside our footprint. We believe our real estate strategy has positioned us well for further expansion, and our track record has demonstrated that we can open and operate stores profitably. We believe there is significant near-term opportunity for expansion with stores in in-fill markets, where we already have an established presence, and in adjacent markets, markets nearby to current locations which are not fully represented. We expect to open 13 to 15 stores in fiscal 2023. 

Marketing 
 
 Our marketing strategy is designed to reinforce our fun brand, broad selection of merchandise, and our value offering. We regularly analyze consumer trends on media consumption and rely on various media channels to communicate with our customers. We are continually expanding our targeting and personalization capabilities to deliver the right products and messages at the right time and in the media channel they prefer. Our media mix is a blend of digital and traditional, including paid search, email, affiliate, and social media along with linear and streaming broadcast and radio, print, outdoor and direct mail. Our advertising features a broad assortment of products and messaging tailored to the current selling season. 
 
 We utilize certain customer data obtained from our customer relationship management, or CRM, platform, which enable us to create effective customer-targeting strategies. Our current CRM programs focus on welcoming our first-time customers, recognizing our top spenders, reactivating our lapsed customers and cross-selling our category customers. We also utilize customer demographic data that we capture to better localize our marketing, to know when our customers buy from us and what items they purchase. With over 45 million customers in our database, there is ample opportunity to increase our communication directly with our customers via one-on-one marketing. 
 
 In addition to our CRM tools, our Academy Credit Card program also provides data to track our customers purchases across all channels, giving us the ability to better serve and target those loyal customers. 

10 

We often create events at our stores to drive customer traffic. These events range from small, private local league shopping nights to large grand opening celebrations to commemorate new store openings that offer various indoor and outdoor activities, athlete and celebrity appearances, fun activities to test our products and meet our suppliers along with food and games. We also leverage sports championship moments when professional or collegiate sports teams in our markets win league titles. At these events we extend our store hours and offer official commemorative merchandise and may also host autograph signings and/or meet-and-greet events with players or coaches from the championship team. We are committed to making a positive impact on the communities we serve and partner with over 700 organizations, including youth sports leagues that reach more than 500,000 participants. We also partner with school districts, Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), local parks, hunting and fishing organizations, military bases and local first responders. 

Distribution Centers 
 
 We operate three distribution centers in Katy, Texas; Twiggs County, Georgia; and Cookeville, Tennessee. The distribution centers receive and store products from vendors and use sophisticated sorting and logistical equipment to fill the product needs of the retail store locations they serve, as well as to fulfill e-commerce orders. Our distribution centers are leased under long-term agreements. Third-party trucking companies are used to disburse inventory from the distribution centers to and from our stores. These distribution centers are strategically located throughout our footprint to efficiently serve our retail locations and have the capacity to service up to approximately 120 stores per distribution center. 

Information Technology 
 
 Our information technology systems are critical to our day-to-day operations as well as to our long-term growth strategies. Our technology is integrated across multiple functions throughout the organization, providing the data analysis, automation and solutions necessary to support our communications, inventory and supply chain management, store operations, distribution, point-of-sale, e-commerce, financial reporting and accounting functions. Our technology is the foundation of our merchandising and marketing functions; it processes our customers orders and integrates our e-commerce sales with stores. We are leveraging our data to make more informed decisions around inventory, marketing, and store-level operations. We have agreements with third parties to provide hosting services and administrative support for portions of our infrastructure, and utilize cloud-based systems in addition to those hosted on premises. 

Seasonality 
 
 Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. A significant portion of our net sales and profits is driven by summer holidays, such as Memorial Day, Father s Day and Independence Day, during the second quarter. Our net sales and profits are also impacted by the November/December holiday selling season, and in part by the sales of cold weather sporting goods and apparel during the fourth quarter. 

Our Team Members 
 Our mission is to provide Fun for All and a critical component to our success is our people. As of January 28, 2023, we employed approximately 22,000 team members in the U.S. and ten team members in Hong Kong. Of those team members, approximately 50 were full-time and 50 were part-time. Our employment levels fluctuate over the course of the year mainly due to the seasonality of our business. None of our team members are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The Company believes that it has a good working relationship with its team members. 

11 

Culture and Core Values. We strive to provide rewarding careers, benefits, and a workplace culture where team members are empowered to be their authentic self drawing on their unique perspectives, passions, skills, interests, and experiences in their day-to-day jobs. Our core values establish a strong foundation for our culture and represent the key expectations we have of our team members. These include the following: 
 Customer focus and service 
 Excellence in all we do 
 Responsible leadership 
 Initiative with urgency 
 Students of the business 
 Integrity always 
 Positive impact on our communities 
 Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging. At Academy, we believe the diversity of our team members, customers, and all others with whom we interact enhances the quality of our work environment and our customers shopping experience. Academy encourages team members to work together and to value the strengths each team member brings to the team. Our strategy begins with attracting, recruiting, developing, and retaining team members with backgrounds that are representative of our diverse communities because it makes our company and communities stronger. We require all team members to complete unintentional bias training to help eliminate biases from recruiting, hiring, promotions, job assignments and opportunities, evaluations, compensation, and customer service. 
 In 2020, we established our Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging Committee, and they led the organization in the creation of our team member led Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging groups throughout the Company. These groups provide a forum for team members with common interests and/or backgrounds to connect, network, and provide input on issues related events while helping educate and celebrate our team members' diverse backgrounds and experiences. 
 
 Talent Management. We believe the best way to serve our customers is to invest in top talent, be open to innovation, and have the vision to succeed. We are focused on creating a winning team by recruiting and retaining great people, promoting teamwork, and fostering an enjoyable and rewarding work environment. We also strive to provide all team members with opportunities for personal growth, cross functional training, job opportunities and career advancement. We offer a mix of instructor-led, online, and blended courses in several key areas, including Career Development and Leadership Development. Our wide variety of courses ranges from job specific (i.e., functional) to broad based leadership training to safety, security, ethics, and compliance training. We also engage in regular and ongoing feedback, annual performance reviews and annual talent calibration conversations. Succession planning is conducted on an annual basis to identify suitable internal candidates for key positions within the Company. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits. We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package. Our benefits package is designed to allow team members the ability to pick and choose which benefits are the best for their and their family s health and well-being. Depending on the team member s employment and work status, they may be eligible for: medical, dental, and vision insurance; participation in the Company s 401(k) Plan with a six percent dollar for dollar match up to the IRS deferral limit; participation in the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan which provides a 15 percent discount on the lower of the stock price at the beginning or the end of each offering period; paid time off and paid vacations; the ability for team members to get a portion of their earnings paid daily; tuition reimbursement programs; professional license/certification reimbursement; medical, family, and bereavement leave; additional voluntary short/long term, life, legal, pet, and accident insurance; paid maternity and parental leave; and a 20 percent team member discount on most all of our merchandise, to name a few. We also provide, in all our distribution centers and our Katy corporate office, subsidized meals for all team members at our onsite caf and an annual health and benefits fair. Specific to our Katy corporate office, we engage our team members through the opportunity to participate in intramural sport teams, 5K fun walk/run events, subsidized membership in the company gym and exercise classes (this is also open to our Katy distribution team members); food truck Thursdays onsite dental and car wash service; and a company holiday party and other team member appreciation events. In 2022, the Company increased the annual merit and adjustment pool over prior years to recognize and reward our team member s efforts and support in a unique and challenging year. 
 Workplace, Health and Safety. The health and safety of our customers, team members, and communities is our top priority. We strive to ensure that a safe and hygienic working environment is provided and that occupational health and safety practices which prevent accidents and injury are promoted. Throughout our stores, distribution centers, and corporate headquarters, we employ policies, procedures, and training to promote safe and healthy work environments. 

12 

Our team member handbook outlines safety expectations, but we also empower our team members with knowledge and skills from various safety training courses during the onboarding process and on an ongoing basis through our learning engagement system with topics such as incident reporting, behavior-based safety, evacuation, active shooter response, hazardous materials, ergonomics, heat safety, electrical safety, industrial truck and pallet jack safety, confined space entry and parking lot and garage safety. We continue to focus on developing and driving our safety-first culture through awareness, training, and actions to reduce the frequency and severity of safety incidents. 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 Below is a list of our executive officers, their respective ages as of January 28, 2023 and a brief account of the business experience of each of them. 
 Name Age Position Ken C. Hicks 70 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Michael P. Mullican 47 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Steven P. Lawrence 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer Samuel J. Johnson 56 Executive Vice President, Retail Operations Sherry Harriman 53 Senior Vice President, Logistics and Supply Chain 
 Jamey Traywick Rutherford 49 Senior Vice President, Omnichannel Manish Maini 49 Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer William S. Ennis 53 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer Rene G. Casares 47 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 Ken C. Hicks has served as the Chairman and our President and Chief Executive Officer since May 2018. Mr. Hicks has served as a member of the board of managers of New Academy Holding Company, LLC (our predecessor company) since May 2017 and as a member of the board of directors of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. since June 2020. Mr. Hicks served on the compensation committee of the board of managers of New Academy Holding Company, LLC from May 2017 to May 2018. Mr. Hicks previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Foot Locker, Inc. from August 2009 to February 2010, and also served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at Foot Locker, Inc. from February 2010 to November 2014, and as Executive Chairman at Foot Locker, Inc. from December 2014 to May 2015. Prior to joining Foot Locker, Inc., Mr. Hicks held senior positions at J.C. Penney Company, Inc., Payless ShoeSource, Home Shopping Network, May Department Stores Company, and McKinsey Company. Mr. Hicks has served on the board of directors of Avery Dennison Corporation since July 2007 and served on the board of directors of Whole Foods Market, Inc. from May 2017 to August 2017. Mr. Hicks graduated from the United States Military Academy located in West Point, NY, and served in the U.S. Army. He also earned a Masters of Business Administration with highest distinction from Harvard Business School. 
 
 Michael P. Mullican has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2018. He previously served as our Executive Vice President and General Counsel from February 2017 to January 2018. Prior to joining Academy Sports + Outdoors, Mr. Mullican served as the Managing Director of Aureus Health Services, a specialty pharmacy owned by Meijer, Inc. Before being named Managing Director at Aureus, Mr. Mullican held several leadership roles at Meijer, including Vice President of Business Development, and Vice President and Assistant General Counsel. Additionally, Mr. Mullican served as Divisional Counsel and Assistant Secretary at Family Dollar Stores, Inc., and Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary at Horizon Lines, Inc. Mr. Mullican holds a Bachelor of Arts in Communication from North Carolina State University and a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Chicago Law School. 
 
 Steven (Steve) P. Lawrence has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer since joining the Academy Sports + Outdoors team in February 2019. Prior to joining Academy Sports + Outdoors, Mr. Lawrence was President and Chief Executive Officer at francesca s. From May 2012 to September 2016, he served as Chief Merchandising Officer at Stage Stores. Mr. Lawrence also spent nearly 12 years working in various merchandising leadership roles at J.C. Penney after 10 years at Foley s. Mr. Lawrence also served on the board of directors of francesca s from October 2016 to January 2019. Mr. Lawrence obtained his Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Notre Dame. 

13 

Samuel (Sam) J. Johnson has served as our Executive Vice President, Retail Operations since joining the Academy Sports + Outdoors team in April 2017. Prior to joining Academy Sports + Outdoors, Mr. Johnson spent seven years with hhgregg, Inc., where he most recently served as Chief Retail Officer. While at hhgregg, Inc., he led functions including store operations, customer relations, commercial sales, real estate and visual merchandising. Prior to hhgregg, Inc., he spent more than 20 years in various leadership roles with Sears Holdings Corporation, including Vice President of Small Stores. 
 
 Sherry L. Harriman has served as our Senior Vice President, Logistics and Supply Chain since joining the Academy Sports + Outdoors team in August 2018. Prior to joining Academy Sports + Outdoors, Mrs. Harriman spent 29 years at Walmart, Inc., where she served in various logistics and operations roles until she was promoted to Regional Vice President Logistics in 2007. In 2010, she was promoted to Divisional Vice President Supply Chain for Florida and Puerto Rico, where her team delivered innovative Supply Chain solutions that supported omnichannel strategies and disaster relief initiatives. Ms. Harriman holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire and a Master of Business Administration from John Brown University. 
 
 Jamey Traywick Rutherford has served as our Senior Vice President, Omnichannel since joining the Academy Sports + Outdoors team in May 2018. Prior to joining Academy Sports + Outdoors, Ms. Traywick Rutherford spent over 17 years at AutoZone where she served in various e-commerce roles until she was promoted to Vice President, e-commerce in 2010. She transitioned to Vice President, Merchandising in 2017. She holds a Bachelor of Science in Environmental Science from the University of Denver, and a Master of Science in e-commerce from the University of Memphis. 
 
 Manish Maini has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer since joining the Academy Sports + Outdoors team in June 2017. Prior to joining Academy Sports + Outdoors, he served as the Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President at The Children s Place U.S. where he led a 120-member team, and was responsible for the development and implementation of the company-wide IT strategy. Mr. Maini also spent nine years at Ann, Inc., formerly Ann Taylor Stores Inc., where he served in various IT leadership roles, including Vice President of Enterprise Systems. Mr. Maini holds a Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics and Communication from STJ Institute of Technology in Karnatak, India. 
 
 William (Bill) S. Ennis has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since March 2016. Mr. Ennis joined the Academy Sports + Outdoors team as Vice President of Human Resources in April 2008 and served in that role until October 2010 when he was appointed as Senior Vice President, Human Resources. Prior to joining Academy Sports + Outdoors, Mr. Ennis spent over 19 years with Stage Stores, May Department Stores and Federated Department Stores in multiple capacities including human resources, stores, buying group, store operations and finance areas. He currently sits on advisory boards for the Texas A M Center for Retailing Studies and Texas Retailers Education Foundation, and he is also the governing body chair for the Houston HR Leadership Summit. Mr. Ennis graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of Texas. 
 
 Rene G. Casares has served as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since March 2018. He joined the company in July 2013 as Senior Director, Associate General Counsel and served as Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary from March 2016 to March 2018. Prior to joining Academy Sports + Outdoors, Mr. Casares served as an Associate Attorney at the global law firm, Vinson Elkins LLP, from 2008 to 2013, where he advised major and middle-market companies with mergers and acquisitions, private equity, corporate governance and capital markets. He also served in a similar capacity as an Associate Attorney at the global law firm, Latham Watkins LLP, from 2006 to 2008. Additionally, Mr. Casares has a background in finance and consulting after serving as an Associate at Growth Capital Partners. L.P., a Strategy Consultant at KPMG Consulting, Inc., and an Analyst at Merrill Lynch Co. Mr. Casares holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Notre Dame and a Juris Doctor degree from Stanford Law School. 

Intellectual Property 
 
 Our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, processes, trade secrets, domain names and other intellectual property, including our Academy Sports + Outdoors brand, our private label brands, such as Academy Sports + Outdoors, Magellan Outdoors, BCG, O rageous, Game Winner, Outdoor Gourmet and Freely, and our designs, names, slogans, images and trade dress associated with these brands, are valuable assets that are critical to our success. 
 
 We also enter into intellectual property agreements whereby the Company receives the right to use third-party owned trademarks typically in exchange for royalties on sales. These agreements typically contain a one to three-year term and contractual payment amounts required to be paid by the Company. 

14 

Governmental Regulations 
 
 We operate in a complex regulatory and legal environment that exposes us to regulatory, compliance and litigation risks that could materially affect our operations and financial results. Specifically, we are subject to regulation by numerous federal, state and local regulatory agencies and authorities, including the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Department of Justice, Department of Treasury, Federal Trade Commission, Customs and Border Protection, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, SEC, Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, and Environmental Protection Agency and comparable state and local agencies. 
 
 Laws and regulations affecting our business may change, sometimes frequently and significantly, as a result of political, economic, social or other events. Some of the federal, state or local laws and regulations that affect us include but are not limited to: 
 
 consumer product safety, product liability or consumer protection laws; 
 laws related to advertising, marketing, pricing and selling our products, including but not limited to firearms, ammunition, and related accessories; 
 labor and employment laws, including wage and hour laws and forced labor prevention laws; 
 tax laws or interpretations thereof, including collection of state sales tax on e-commerce sales; 
 data protection and privacy laws and regulations; 
 environmental laws and regulations; 
 hazardous material laws and regulations; 
 customs or import and export laws and regulations, including collection of tariffs on product imports; 
 intellectual property laws; 
 antitrust and competition regulations; 
 banking and anti-money laundering regulations; 
 Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, and similar state and local laws and regulations; 
 website design and content regulations; 
 U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, or UKBA, and other anti-corruption laws; and 
 securities and exchange laws and regulations. 
 
 We are a federally licensed firearms dealer, and we sell firearms, ammunition, and related accessories. Firearms represented approximately 6 of our net sales in 2022. Numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the procurement, transportation, storage, distribution and sale and marketing of firearms, ammunition, and related accessories, including the regulations governing the performance of federally and state mandated procedures for determining customer firearm purchase eligibility (such as age and residency verification, background checks and proper completion of required paperwork). In June 2021, the United States Department of Justice announced a new policy to underscore zero tolerance for willful violations of the law by federally licensed firearms dealers that put public safety at risk. In the future, there may be increased federal, state or local regulation and enforcement affecting the sale of firearms, ammunition, and related accessories, including taxation or restrictions on the type of firearms and ammunition available for retail sale, which could reduce our sales and profitability. 
 
 For additional information, see the risk factors herein in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" under the sub-caption "Legal and Regulatory Risks". 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our website address is www.academy.com. We use our website as a channel of distribution for company information. We will make available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We will also make available through our website other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange Act, including our proxy statements and reports filed by officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as our Ethics and Code of Conduct Policy. Financial and other material information regarding the Company is routinely posted on our website and is readily accessible. We do not intend for information contained on our website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report, you should consider the following risk factors before investing in our securities. Risks in this section are grouped in the following categories: (1) Risks Related to Our Business and Industry; (2) Legal and Regulatory Risks; (3) Risks Related to Our Indebtedness; and (4) Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 Our results of operations are highly dependent on the U.S. economy and U.S. consumer discretionary spending and an economic and financial downturn may cause a decline in U.S. consumer discretionary spending and may adversely affect our business, operations, liquidity, capital resources and financial results. 
 Our results of operations are affected by the relative condition of the U.S. economy. All of our sales are generated within the United States, making our results of operations highly dependent on the U.S. economy and U.S. consumer discretionary spending. A decline in discretionary spending by U.S. consumers could negatively affect our business and results of operations. 
 The general conditions that affect U.S. consumer discretionary spending in our markets include: 
 health of the economy; 
 consumer confidence in the economy; 
 financial market volatility; 
 wages, jobs and unemployment trends; 
 public health events (including the COVID-19 pandemic) and their effect on our customers, team members, vendors/suppliers and other stakeholders; 
 the housing market, including real estate prices and mortgage rates; 
 consumer credit availability; 
 consumer debt levels; 
 gasoline and fuel prices; 
 interest rates and inflation; 
 tax rates and tax policy; 
 immigration policy; 
 import and customs duties/tariffs and policy; 
 impact of natural or man-made disasters; 
 legislation and regulations; 
 international unrest, trade disputes, labor shortages, and other disruptions to the supply chain; 
 changes to raw material and commodity prices; and 
 national and international security and safety concerns. 
 Increasing volatility in financial markets may cause some of the aforementioned conditions to change with even greater degree of frequency and magnitude. In addition, COVID-19 has had, and may continue to have, far-reaching adverse impacts on aspects of our operations, directly and indirectly, including our team members, consumer behavior, inventory, distribution and logistics, our suppliers and the market overall. 
 Our comparable sales, net sales per square foot, customer traffic or average value per transaction may be adversely affected if, for example, our customers reduce their purchases with us due to continued high inflation, job losses, foreclosures, bankruptcies, higher consumer debt and interest rates, higher taxes, reduced access to credit, falling home prices and lower consumer confidence. A reduction in overall consumer spending which causes customers to shift their spending to products other than those sold by us or to products sold by us that are less profitable could result in lower net sales, decreases in inventory turnover or a reduction in profitability due to lower margins, which could make it more difficult for us to generate cash flow sufficient to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness. A prolonged period of depressed consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

16 

Additionally, if the U.S. or global economy experiences a crisis or downturn, including any capital markets volatility or government intervention in the financial markets, or if the U.S. or global economy experiences a prolonged period of decelerating or negative growth, then our liquidity, capital resources or results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. For example, although we typically generate funds from our operations to pay our operating expenses and fund our capital expenditures, our ability to continue to meet these cash requirements over the long-term may require access to additional sources of funds, including our ABL Facility, incremental term loan facilities and the equity and debt capital markets. Adverse financial and economic conditions, including as a result of continued increases in interest rates, may adversely affect our ability to draw on our ABL Facility, the ability of banks to honor draws on our ABL Facility or our ability to obtain incremental term loan facilities or access the equity and debt capital markets. In addition, adverse economic conditions could adversely affect our suppliers access to the capital and liquidity required to maintain their inventory, production levels, timeliness and product quality and to operate their businesses, which could adversely affect our supply chain, or could reduce our suppliers offerings of trade credit, customer incentives, vendor allowances, cooperative marketing expenditures and product promotions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Adverse economic conditions could also make it difficult for both us and our suppliers to accurately forecast future product demand trends, which could cause us to carry too much or too little merchandise in various product categories or could adversely affect our landlords and real estate developers of retail space, which may limit the availability of attractive leased store locations. The potential ongoing effects of an economic and financial crisis are difficult to forecast and mitigate. We may experience difficulties in operating and growing our operations to react to a U.S. or global financial or economic crisis or downturn. We may be unable, in such cases, to predict how robust a recovery of the U.S. or global economy will be or whether or not it will be sustained. 
 
 If we are unable to predict or effectively react to changes in consumer tastes and preferences, or if we fail to acquire and sell brand name merchandise at competitive prices, or if we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, then we may lose customers and our sales may decline and our results of operations may be negatively affected. 
 The level of success we achieve is dependent on, among other factors, the frequency of merchandise and service innovations, how accurately and timely we predict consumer tastes and preferences regarding sporting goods and outdoor recreation merchandise, the level of consumer demand, the availability of merchandise, the related impact on the demand for existing merchandise, and the competitive environment. Our products must appeal to a broad range of customers whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to change. We must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our customers, attractive, innovative and high-quality merchandise on a continuous basis. It is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services our customers will demand as we often purchase products from our vendors several months in advance of the proposed delivery. Our failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our merchandise and services and our market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our net sales and results of operations. 
 An unexpected major shift in consumer demand away from sporting goods, sports and casual apparel and footwear, and outdoor recreation products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Consumer spending on sporting goods, sports and casual apparel and footwear, and outdoor recreation products could decrease or be displaced by spending on other activities due to a number of factors, including: 
 shifts in behavior away from team sports and outdoor activities in favor of media (including social media) and electronics-driven leisure activities; 
 state, local and federal government budget cuts on facilities and activities, such as school athletic budgets, parks, ball fields, recreational sports leagues, hunting and fishing services, etc.; 
 weak economic conditions, recession, inflation or other factors, such as global or local pandemics; 
 legal and regulatory changes in federal and state hunting and fishing seasons, bag limits and firearm and ammunition restrictions; 
 consumer activism relating to controversial products we may carry, services we may perform, or our corporate philosophy, including those relating to firearms and ammunition, which could cause them to take their retail business elsewhere; 
 escalating costs of sporting and outdoor activities due to adverse changes in economic conditions, including rising fuel prices, rising participation fees and rising sporting license fees; and 
 severe weather and natural or man-made disasters (e.g., an oil spill closing large areas of hunting or fishing), including heat waves, freezes, hurricanes, tornadoes, large storms and floods, and the effects of such events on the ability of large urban areas to continue spending on sporting goods and outdoor recreation products. 

17 

Total consumer spending may not continue to increase at historical rates due to slowed production growth and shifts in population demographics, and it may not increase in certain product categories given changes in consumer interests and participation rates. Our results of operations could be negatively affected if consumer spending on sporting goods and outdoor recreation products or sports participation rates decline. 
 Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to purchase brand name merchandise from our vendors at competitive prices. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to acquire such brand name merchandise at competitive prices or on competitive terms in the future. In this regard, brand name merchandise that is in high demand may be allocated by brand name vendors based upon the vendors internal criterion which is beyond our control. If we lose any of our brand name vendors or if any of our brand name vendors fail to supply us with their brand name merchandise, we may not be able to meet the demand of our customers for their brand names. 
 We must maintain sufficient inventory levels of merchandise that our customers desire to successfully operate our business. A shortage of popular merchandise could reduce our net sales. Conversely, we also must seek to avoid accumulating excess inventory to maintain appropriate in-stock levels. If we overstock unpopular merchandise, then we may be forced to take significant inventory markdowns or miss opportunities for the sale of other merchandise, both of which could have a negative impact on our profitability, and, in turn, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. For example, the popularity of much of the licensed apparel we offer is dependent on the performance of certain sporting teams throughout the course of the applicable sports seasons. If we overestimate or underestimate the projected success of a certain sports team, we may have to take significant mark-downs of our licensed apparel for that sports team or we may miss the opportunity to sell additional licensed apparel or other products with that sports team s logo. The success of sporting teams is highly uncertain and difficult to predict. In addition, macro factors, such as severe weather, may significantly affect whether or not certain sports leagues are able to host their games in their usual seasons, and if they are, whether or not spectators can attend. Our licensed apparel is significantly more popular when spectators are able to attend the games of the sports teams featured on such apparel. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, our results of operations may be negatively affected. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has, and may continue to, impact our business and financial results. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including measures taken in response have negatively impacted the global and U.S. economies, disrupted consumer spending and global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of labor and financial markets, and may continue to do so. The initial phase of the COVID-19 pandemic saw the imposition by various governmental authorities, and by us, of significant restrictions on the operations of our facilities intended to protect the health and safety of our team members, customers and communities, including temporary full or partial closures and the imposition of new permanent or temporary safety measures. These restrictions, along with other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our team members and customers, adversely impacted our business and results, and any future imposition of restrictions or resurgence of the pandemic could cause further adverse impacts. Our information technology systems and cyber-security could also be adversely affected by a significant increase in remote working by our corporate team members and a significant increase in online orders. 
 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may also see further disruptions or delays in shipments and negative impacts to pricing of certain components of our products. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted, and may continue to impact, the suppliers of products we sell, particularly as a result of mandatory shutdowns in locations where our products are manufactured and in some cases due to extreme demand for certain popular or necessary goods or raw materials. 
 
 A significant amount of our merchandise is produced in China, and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic in China has led to, and may continue to lead to, significant governmental measures being implemented in China to control the spread of the virus, including, among others, restrictions on manufacturing and the movement of team members in many regions of the country. These measures in China have resulted in, and may result in further, disruptions to our supply chain, including the temporary closure of third-party manufacturer facilities, interruptions in labor and/or product supply, or restrictions on the export or shipment of our products. As a result, our third-party manufacturers may not have the materials, capacity, or capability to manufacture our products according to our schedule and specifications. If our third-party manufacturers operations are again curtailed, we may need to seek alternate manufacturing sources, which may be more expensive. Alternate sources may not be available or may result in delays in shipments to us from our supply chain and subsequently to our customers, each of which would affect our results of operations. The duration of the production and supply chain disruption, and related financial impact, cannot be estimated at this time. Should such production and distribution closures continue or be re-imposed, the impact on our supply chain in China and globally could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 

18 

Moreover, during the pandemic we have observed an increase in the popularity of isolated recreation, outdoor and leisure activity products, which has benefited our business and financial results. However, we are unable to predict how long this increased popularity will last or how significant it will be. To the extent the popularity of isolated recreation, outdoor and leisure activity products declines, our sales could be adversely impacted. 
 
 The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our results, financial position and liquidity will depend on future developments and the related impact on consumer confidence and spending, labor supply or product supply, all of which are highly uncertain. 
 
 Intense competition in the sporting goods and outdoor recreation retail industries could limit our growth and reduce our profitability. 
 The market for sporting and outdoor recreation goods is highly fragmented and intensely competitive. Our current and prospective competitors include many large companies, some of which have substantially greater market presence, name recognition and financial, marketing and other resources than us. We compete directly or indirectly with the following categories of companies: 
 mass general merchants; 
 large format sporting goods stores; 
 traditional sporting goods stores; 
 specialty outdoor retailers; 
 specialty footwear retailers; and 
 catalogue and internet retailers. 
 Pressure from our competitors could require us to reduce our prices or increase our spending for advertising and promotion. Traditional competitors have become increasingly promotional and, if our competitors reduce their prices, it may be difficult for us to reach our net sales goals without reducing our prices, which could impact our margins. Increased competition in markets in which we have stores or the adoption by competitors of innovative store formats, aggressive pricing, promotion or delivery strategies and retail sale methods, such as the Internet, could cause us to lose market share and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, as the popularity and use of Internet sites and free merchandise shipping continue to increase, our business faces increased competition from various domestic and international sources, including our suppliers. Additionally, the ability of consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis through the use of smartphones and digital technology puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive prices vis- -vis our competitors. We may require significant capital in the future to sustain or grow our business, including our store and e-commerce activities, due to increased competition, and there is no assurance that cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet those needs or that additional sources of capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. 
 
 Any failure to protect the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of our digital environment (including our technology infrastructure and networks, third party services, and hosted and on-premises software) and data that we hold relating to us and our customers, team members, and partners (including vendors) could result in lost sales, fines, penalties, assessments, investigations, inquiries, and/or lawsuits, a loss of confidence in us, and harm to our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The security of our digital environment (including our technology infrastructure and networks, third party services, and hosted and on-premises software) and data (including from our partners) is critical to our business as a retailer, and we devote significant resources to protecting our digital environment and data. In order to operate our business and to provide products and services to our customers, we collect, source, store, maintain, and process data that can be used to identify a person (i.e., personal data or personally identifiable information), including customers, partners, and team members, along with our intellectual property and proprietary business information. We share data with third parties for further processing consistent with applicable terms and conditions. Our retail stores and online operations depend on the secure transmission and processing of confidential information and the continued operation of systems necessary to perform store operations and to process transactions. Our customers provide payment card and gift card information, alternative payment information, and other personal information to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, apply for credit, create accounts and make purchases on our website, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. Job applicants provide personal information in connection with their employment application and our team members provide personal information in connection with their continued employment. We may share information about individual persons with partners assisting with certain aspects of our business. Some personal data and personally identifiable information may be deemed sensitive or otherwise protected under applicable laws or regulations and may be subject to specific requirements for collection, processing, security, and disposal. 

19 

We and our partners rely on commercially available information security technology and industry standard operational practices for collecting, storing, maintaining, transmitting, protecting, and processing data. Despite our security measures, we may not be able to anticipate, prevent, and stop future attacks to our digital environment and data and those of our partners. Threat actors may defeat our security measures and may obtain access to data (including personal data or personally identifiable information) that we hold relating to us and our customers, team members, and vendors, or may cause operational harm. For example, ransomware events could cause key systems to be unavailable for use, or credential stuffing attacks of customer accounts on academy.com could cause customer privacy breaches and authorized charges to payment or gift cards, or phishing/smishing attacks, in which attackers masquerade as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication (including email or text message), could gain control of a user's device and/or credentials. The techniques used by threat actors to attack or access systems and data evolve and may not be recognized until or after being launched against a target. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. While we have no knowledge of any material data security breaches to date, actual or suspected attacks, increased risks, and newly discovered vulnerabilities have resulted, and in the future could result, in us expending significant resources related to our information systems, data stores, technology infrastructure and team member training. A future data security breach could also (1) attract substantial media attention, (2) damage our relationships with our customers, team members, and partners, (3) cause a loss of confidence in us or cause us to violate applicable privacy laws and obligations, (4) expose us to costly government enforcement actions or private litigation and financial liability (possibly beyond our insurance coverage), (5) increase the costs we incur to protect against or remediate security breaches and vulnerabilities, (6) result in additional costs and operational activities to comply with consumer protection and data privacy laws and obligations, and/or (7) disrupt our operations and distract our management and other key personnel from performing their primary operational duties, any of which could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We maintain cyber liability insurance in an amount and coverage we deem appropriate, taking into account the specific coverages and coverage requirements in the marketplace. There is no guarantee that our cyber liability insurance will cover a particular cyber incident, that such coverage will be sufficient, or that insurance proceeds will be paid in a timely manner. If an insurance carrier seeks to deny coverage of a particular loss, we may incur costs to dispute the denial of coverage, which could result in paying costs that otherwise would be recovered from insurance and delays in or ultimate denial of coverage. 
 The data privacy and cyber security regulatory environment is constantly changing, with new and increasingly rigorous or complex requirements. Consumer data privacy and cyber security laws and related regulations have been enacted and additional laws and regulations are under consideration by various state and federal legislatures and regulatory authorities. Maintaining compliance with those requirements may require significant effort, cost, and new or improved technical capabilities, may require changes to our business practices, and may limit our ability to obtain or use data to provide a personalized customer experience or to engage in certain marketing practices. In addition, failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to fines, sanctions, governmental investigations, lawsuits, reputational damage, and other risks and costs that may be difficult to anticipate but could become material depending on the specific facts. 
 A significant portion of the merchandise that we sell is manufactured in foreign countries, including China, which exposes us to various international risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 A significant portion of the merchandise that we sell, including merchandise we purchase from domestic suppliers and much of our private label brand merchandise, is manufactured in countries such as China, Vietnam, El Salvador and Bangladesh. Foreign imports subject us to the risks of changes in import duties, quotas, loss of most favored nation status with the United States for a particular foreign country, delays in shipment, shipping port and ocean carrier constraints, supply and demand constraints, labor strikes, work stoppages or other disruptions, freight cost increases and economic uncertainties (including the United States imposing anti-dumping or countervailing duty orders, tariffs, safeguards, remedies or compensation and retaliation due to illegal foreign trade practices). To the extent that any foreign manufacturers from whom we purchase products directly or indirectly employ labor, environmental, corruption, workplace safety, or other business practices that vary from those commonly accepted in the United States, we could be hurt by any resulting negative publicity or, in some cases, potential claims of liability. For example, in late 2021, the United States Government enacted the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act UFLPA ), which presumes goods produced in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China, or with labor linked to specified Chinese government-sponsored labor programs, were produced using forced labor and prohibits importation of such goods into the United States absent clear and convincing evidence proving otherwise. Compliance with UFLPA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Merchandise or raw materials purchased from alternative sources may be of lesser quality or more expensive than the merchandise or raw materials we currently purchase abroad. If any of these or other factors were to cause a disruption of trade from the countries in which our suppliers are located, our inventory levels may be reduced or the costs of our merchandise may increase. 

20 

The political, health, safety, security, and economic environments of the countries in which we or our vendors obtain merchandise or raw materials have the potential to materially affect our operations. In the event of disruptions or delays in supply due to economic, political, health, safety or security conditions in foreign countries or their relations with the United States, such disruptions or delays could adversely affect our results of operations unless and until alternative supply arrangements could be made. Also, the imposition of trade tariffs, sanctions or other regulations against merchandise imported by us, or the loss of normal trade relations status with the countries in which we or our vendors obtain merchandise or raw materials, could significantly increase our cost of products imported into the United States and harm our business. The prices charged for the merchandise that we purchase by foreign manufacturers may be affected by the fluctuation of their local currency against the U.S. dollar. 
 In addition, the federal government periodically considers other restrictions on the importation of products obtained by our vendors and us. If the United States were to withdraw from or materially modify any international trade agreements to which it is a party, or if tariffs were raised on the foreign-sourced goods that we sell, or if border taxes were implemented, then the goods we import may become more expensive or may no longer be available at a commercially attractive price or at all, each of which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A significant amount of our merchandise is produced in China, and increases in the costs of labor and other costs of doing business in China could significantly increase our costs to produce our merchandise and could have a negative impact on our net sales, operating income and net income. Factors that could negatively affect our business include a potential significant revaluation of the Chinese Yuan, which may result in an increase in the cost of producing products in China, labor shortages and increases in labor costs in China, and difficulties in moving products manufactured in China through the ports on the western coast of North America, whether due to port congestion, labor disputes, product regulations and/or inspections or other factors, and natural disasters or health pandemics impacting China. 
 General trade tensions between the United States and China began escalating in 2018, with the Trump administration ultimately imposing multiple rounds of tariffs on imports from China, where we and many of our vendors source commodities. As a result, we have experienced rising inventory costs on private label brand products we directly source from China, as well as national brand products from China that we source through our vendors. These higher inventory costs have resulted in higher prices and/or lower margins, thus resulting in a negative impact to sales and/or gross margin. Additionally, these tariffs have resulted in and could result in further retaliatory tariff actions by China and could ultimately result in further tariffs on merchandise that we, and many of our vendors, import from China. These tariffs have had an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In response, we have sought alternative suppliers or vendors, raised prices, and made changes to our operations. The continuation of this situation could have further adverse effects on our sales and profitability, results of operations and financial condition. As of our report date, no significant modifications have been enacted relative to the escalated tariffs which impact our business. 
 
 Problems with operating, updating or implementing our information technology systems could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business operations and materially and adversely affect our financial results. 
 The efficient operation of our business is dependent on the successful integration and operation of our information technology systems. For examples, we rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our merchandise planning and replenishment, warehousing and distribution, store operations, e-commerce, and customer transactions, optimize our overall inventory levels, process financial information and sales transactions, prevent data breaches and credit card fraud, communications, support services, and comply with legal and regulatory obligations. 
 Our information technology systems, if not functioning properly or if failing to function altogether, could disrupt our ability to track, record, and analyze sales and inventory and could cause disruptions of operations, including, among other things, our ability to order, process and ship inventory, process financial information including credit card transactions, prevent data breaches and credit card fraud, process payrolls or vendor payments or engage in other similar normal business activities. Our information technology systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches (through cyber-attacks from cyber-attackers or sophisticated organizations), catastrophic events such as fires, floods, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates. From time to time we have experienced, and we may in the future further experience, interruptions, damages, or failures of our information technology systems, some of which disrupt our business and cause us to expend additional resources to rectify. Although we attempt to mitigate the risk of possible business interruptions by employing customary strategies, any material disruption, malfunction or any other similar problem in or with our information technology systems could negatively impact our business operations and materially and adversely affect our financial results. 
 From time to time, our computer and information technology systems may require repair, upgrade, enhancement, integration and/or replacement for us to maintain successful current operations and achieve future sales and store growth. 

21 

Updating our existing information technology systems subjects us to numerous risks, including: 
 loss of information; 
 disruption of normal operations; 
 changes in accounting or other operating procedures; 
 changes in internal control over financial reporting or general computer controls; 
 problems maintaining accuracy of historical data; 
 allocation and dedication of key business resources to the updating of existing systems; 
 ability to attract and retain adequate experienced technical resources and third-party contractors for the updating of existing systems; 
 unknown impact on remaining systems; 
 adequacy of training and change management to address critical changes in business processes and job functions; and 
 updated information technology system ultimately does not meet the needs of the business. 
 Any failure to successfully update and maintain our information technology systems, and any missteps, delays, cost overruns, vendor disputes, technical challenges or other similar issues that may arise during the updating of our information technology systems, could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, internal controls over financial reporting and ability to manage our business effectively. 
 From time to time, we may undertake initiatives involving numerous information technology systems, including our merchandise management, warehouse management, customer relationship management, point of sale, e-commerce, data security, credit card fraud detection, financial reporting, and labor management systems. While each of these information technology systems initiatives is intended to further improve and enhance our information technology systems, our failure to timely, properly or adequately implement these systems initiatives could result in increased costs or risks, the diversion of our management s and team members attention and resources and could materially adversely affect our results of operations, our internal controls over financial reporting or general computer controls, our ability to manage our business effectively and possible disruption of our business operations or financial reporting. 
 
 We depend on approximately 1,400 suppliers to supply us with the merchandise we purchase for resale and our significant dependence on these suppliers exposes us to risks associated with disruption in supply and losses of merchandise purchasing incentives that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We depend on approximately 1,400 suppliers to supply us in a timely and efficient manner with the merchandise we sell. Our significant dependence on these suppliers exposes us to various risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In 2022, purchases from our largest vendor represented approximately 11 of our total inventory purchases. The merchandise we sell is sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers and our ability to find qualified suppliers and access merchandise in a timely and efficient manner is often challenging, particularly with respect to merchandise sourced outside the United States. We generally do not have long-term written contracts with our suppliers that would require them to continue supplying us with merchandise, particular payment terms or the extension of credit. As a result, these suppliers could modify the terms of these relationships due to general economic conditions or otherwise. If there is a disruption in supply from a principal supplier (which can occur for various reasons in or out of the control of these suppliers, including as a result of public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and measures taken by the Chinese government or other governments in response to such events), we may experience merchandise out-of-stocks, delivery delays or increased delivery costs, or otherwise be unable to obtain the same merchandise from other suppliers in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, which could materially affect our results of operations and our customers confidence in us. For example, during fiscal 2022 we observed increased competition across the industry for resources throughout the supply chain, which resulted in disruptions to the flow of products from our vendors, labor shortages, reduced shipping container availability, and longer delays at the port. These factors negatively impacted transportation costs and required us to pay higher rates to maintain our inventory levels, and we expect such supply chain challenges to continue at least in the near term. Additionally, changes in our relationships with our suppliers (which can occur for various reasons in or out of our control) also have the potential to increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. The formation and/or strengthening of business partnerships between our suppliers and our competitors could directly alter the available supply of merchandise we desire to sell, which could have a material adverse effect on the level of customers purchasing merchandise from us and, thus, our results of operations. Moreover, many of our suppliers provide us with merchandise purchasing incentives, such as return privileges, volume purchasing allowances and cooperative advertising, and a decline or discontinuation of these incentives could severely impact our results of operations. 

22 

Harm to our reputation could adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers, team members, vendors and/or other partners. 
 Negative publicity or perceptions involving us or our brands, products, team members, operations, vendors, spokespersons, or marketing and other partners may negatively impact our reputation and adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers, team members, vendors and/or other partners. Failure to detect, prevent or mitigate issues that might give rise to reputational risk or failure to adequately address negative publicity or perceptions could adversely impact our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. Issues that might pose a reputational risk include failure of our cybersecurity measures to protect against data breaches, product liability and product recalls, our social media activity, failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or enforce our own policies, our policies related to the sale of firearms, ammunition and accessories, our policies relating to public health, public stances on controversial social or political issues, and any of the other risks enumerated in these risk factors. As part of our marketing efforts, we rely on social media platforms and other digital marketing to attract and retain customers. A variety of risks are associated with our social media activity and digital marketing, including the improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about or negative incidents regarding us, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud or out-of-date information. The inappropriate use of social media and digital marketing vehicles by us, our customers, team members or others could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content, videos and/or photographs created or uploaded by their subscribers and participants, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. Information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests and/or may be inaccurate. The dissemination of negative information related to us or our brands, products, team members, operations, vendors, spokespersons or partners could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition, regardless of the information s accuracy, and the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Furthermore, the prevalence of news coverage, the internet, and social media may accelerate and increase the potential scope of any negative publicity we might receive and could increase the negative impact of these issues on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 A failure of our third-party vendors of outsourced business services and solutions to meet our performance standards and expectations could adversely affect our operations. 
 As part of our long-term strategy, we look for opportunities to cost-effectively enhance the capabilities of our business services. In some cases, we outsource certain business services and solutions, and rely on the third-party vendors of these business services and solutions, to support a variety of our business functions, including portions of our information technology and management information systems, data security and credit card fraud detection, supply chain (including product manufacturers, logistics service providers or independent distributors), retail operations, administrative services and other core business functions. While we believe we conduct appropriate due diligence before entering into agreements with these third-parties, if we fail to properly manage these vendors or if they fail to meet, or are prevented from meeting, our performance standards and expectations, then our reputation, sales, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Any significant interruption in the operations of these service providers, over which we have no control, could also have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we could face increased costs associated with finding replacement service vendors or hiring new team members to provide these business services and solutions in-house. 
 
 We may not be able to continue our store growth plans successfully or continue to manage our growth effectively, and our new stores may not generate sales levels necessary to achieve store-level sales or profitability comparable to that of our existing stores, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our strategy includes opening stores in existing markets and, from time to time, new markets. We must successfully choose our store sites, execute favorable real estate transactions on terms that are acceptable to us, construct and equip the stores with furnishings and appropriate merchandise, hire and train competent personnel and effectively open and operate these new stores and integrate the stores into our operations, and we may need to expand our distribution infrastructure, including the addition of new distribution centers. Our plans to increase our number of retail stores will depend in part on the availability of existing (vacant) retail stores or developable store sites. The availability of second-generation retail store space, and developable retail sites (i.e., land and redevelopment sites) that meet our criteria is very low. Land prices continue to increase as developers pursue more favorable non-retail options capable of yielding higher returns. Further, a lack of available financing on terms acceptable to real estate developers or a tightening credit market may adversely affect the retail sites available to us. We cannot expect that stores or sites will be available to us, or that they will be available on terms acceptable to us. If additional retail store sites are unavailable on acceptable terms, we may not be able to carry out a significant part of our growth strategy. Rising real estate costs and acquisition, construction and development costs, available credit to landlords and developers and landlord bankruptcies could also inhibit our ability to grow. If we fail to locate desirable sites, obtain lease rights to these sites on terms acceptable to us, hire adequate personnel and open and effectively operate these new stores, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

23 

We lease our stores under operating leases with initial terms of 15 to 20 years, and we generally cannot cancel these leases at our option. If a store is not profitable, and we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. Similarly, we may be committed to perform our obligations under the applicable leases even if current locations of our stores become unattractive as demographic patterns change. In addition, as each of our leases expire, we may fail to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could require us to close stores in desirable locations. 
 In addition, our expansion in new and existing markets may present competitive, merchandising, marketing, human resources, distribution and regulatory challenges that differ from our current challenges, including competition among our stores, diminished novelty of our store design and concept, added strain on our distribution centers, maintaining our levels of customer service, training our store team members, additional information to be processed by our management information systems and diversion of our management s attention from operations, such as the control of inventory levels in our stores. New stores in new markets, where we are less familiar with the target customer and less well-known by the target customer, may face different or additional risks and increased costs compared to stores operated in existing markets or new stores in existing markets. Expansion into new markets could also bring us into direct competition with retailers with whom we have no past experience as direct competitors. As a result of our anticipated growth, we may become increasingly reliant on entry into new markets to grow, we may face additional risks and our results of operations could suffer. To the extent that we are not able to meet new challenges, our sales could decrease and our operating costs could increase. 
 There also can be no assurance that we will be able to continue our expansion plans successfully or continue to manage our growth effectively, or that our new stores will generate sales levels necessary to achieve store-level profitability or profitability comparable to that of our existing stores. Our continued growth also depends in large part, upon our ability to open new stores in a timely manner and to operate them profitably. In 2020 and 2021, in response to the then-current retail environment, we temporarily stopped new store openings, before resuming in 2022. A slower than expected pace of new store openings may negatively impact our net sales growth and operating income. New stores also may face greater competition and have lower anticipated sales volumes relative to previously opened stores during their comparable years of operation. We may not be able to advertise cost-effectively in new or large markets in which we have less store density, which could slow sales growth at such stores. We also cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain and distribute adequate product supplies to our new stores or maintain adequate warehousing and distribution capability to support our new stores at acceptable costs. Thus, our failure to achieve our expansion plans could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our e-commerce activities expose us to various risks that could have a material adverse impact on our overall results of operations. 
 Our customers are increasingly using computers, tablets, mobile phones and other devices to shop in our stores and on-line for our products. Our business has become increasingly omnichannel as we strive to deliver a seamless shopping experience to our customers through both online and in-store shopping experiences. We utilize our own e-commerce platform that allows us to control our customer experience without relying on a single third-party provider. Maintaining and continuing to improve our e-commerce platform involves substantial investment of capital and resources, integrating a number of information and management systems from different vendors, increasing supply chain and distribution capabilities, attracting, developing and retaining qualified personnel with relevant subject matter expertise, and effectively managing and improving the customer experience. Our e-commerce operations are subject to numerous risks that could have a material adverse impact on our overall results of operations, including: 
 expansion of our sales across the United States, thereby, subjecting us to the regulatory and other requirements of the 50 states; 
 website operating issues, including website availability, system reliability, website operation, Internet connectivity, website errors, computer viruses, telecommunication failures, electronic break-ins or similar disruptions; 
 the need to keep pace with rapid technological change and maintain investments necessary for our e-commerce operation; 
 legal compliance issues related to the online sale of merchandise; 
 intellectual property litigation related to the enforcement of patent rights; 
 privacy and personal data security; 
 protection against credit card and gift card fraud; 
 fulfillment, inventory control and shipping issues for e-commerce transactions; 
 tax issues, including state sales tax collection for e-commerce transactions; 
 hiring, retention and training of personnel qualified to conduct our e-commerce operation; 

24 

ability to procure adequate computer hardware and software and technology services and solutions from third-party providers; and 
 reduction in visits to, diversion and/or cannibalization of sales from, existing retail stores. 
 Our e-commerce activities also carry challenges such as identifying our e-commerce customer, marketing our website, establishing a profitable on-line merchandising mix, managing shipping costs to our customers, setting prices to compete against other on-line retailers, maintaining website content, timely and accurately fulfilling orders, integrating our e-commerce business with our store operations, and growing the operation as part of our overall strategic plan. If we do not successfully manage the risks and navigate the challenges associated with our e-commerce activities, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Further, governmental regulation of e-commerce continues to evolve in such areas as marketing and advertising, taxation, privacy, data protection and privacy, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, mobile communications, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, the provision of online payment services, the design and operation of websites and the characteristics and quality of products and services. Unfavorable changes to regulations in these areas could have a material adverse impact on our e-commerce activities. 
 
 Our private label brand merchandise exposes us to various risks generally encountered by companies that source, manufacture, market and retail exclusive private label brand merchandise. 
 In addition to national brand merchandise, we offer customers private label brand merchandise that is primarily sold exclusively by Academy. The sale of private label brand merchandise subjects us to certain risks, including: 
 our ability to successfully and profitably conduct sourcing and manufacturing activities internally or with third-party agents, manufacturers and distributors; 
 our failure or our manufacturers failure to comply with federal, state and local regulatory requirements, including product safety, working age and conditions, anti-corruption, import and customs and retail sale restrictions; 
 potential mandatory or voluntary product recalls; 
 claims and lawsuits resulting from injuries associated with the use of our private label brand merchandise; 
 our ability to successfully protect our intellectual property or other proprietary rights (e.g., defending against counterfeit, knock-offs, grey-market, infringing or otherwise unauthorized goods); 
 our ability to successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of third parties; 
 our ability to successfully administer and comply with the obligations under license agreements that we have with the licensors of brands, including in some instances certain sales minimums that if not met could cause us to lose the licensing rights or pay damages; 
 sourcing and manufacturing outside the United States, including foreign laws and regulations, political unrest, disruptions or delays in cross-border shipments, changes in economic conditions in foreign countries, exchange rate and import duty fluctuations and conducting activities with third-party manufacturers; and 
 increases in the price of raw materials used in the manufacturing of our private label brand merchandise and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, manufacture, market and retail private label brand merchandise. 
 Our failure to adequately address some or all of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

25 

A disruption in the operation of our distribution centers would affect our ability to deliver merchandise to either our stores or customers, which could adversely impact our revenues and harm our business and financial results. 
 We operate three distribution centers located in Katy, Texas; Twiggs County, Georgia; and Cookeville, Tennessee, to manage the receipt, storage, sorting, packing and distribution of our merchandise to the appropriate stores or to the customer directly. We depend in large part on the orderly operation of our receiving and distribution process, which depends, in turn, on adherence to shipping schedules, proper functioning of our information technology and inventory control systems and overall effective management of our distribution centers. As a result of damage to, or prolonged interruption of, operations or inventory at any of these facilities, or with respect to third-party transportation providers, due to a work stoppage, labor shortage, operations significantly below historical efficiency levels, supply chain disruption, inclement weather or natural or man-made disasters (including events that may be caused or exacerbated by climate change), system failures, slowdowns or strikes, acts of terror or other unforeseen events in the areas or regions of these facilities could impair our ability to adequately stock our stores, process returns of products to vendors and ship product to our e-commerce customers, thereby adversely affecting our sales and profitability. In addition, we could incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing our products to our stores and customers during the time it takes for us to reopen or replace these distribution centers. 
 Although we maintain business interruption and property insurance for these facilities, there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be sufficient, or that insurance proceeds will be timely paid to us, if our distribution centers are shut down or interrupted for any unplanned reason. 
 
 Our quarterly operating results and comparable sales may fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors outside of our control. 
 We have historically experienced and expect to continue to experience seasonal fluctuations in our net sales, operating income and net income. A significant portion of our net sales and profits is driven by summer holidays, such as Memorial Day, Father s Day and Independence Day, during the second quarter. Our net sales and profits are also impacted by the November/December holiday selling season, and in part by the sales of cold weather sporting goods and apparel during the fourth quarter. If we miscalculate the demand for our products generally or for our product mix during certain holiday or sporting seasons, our net sales could decline resulting in lower margins, higher labor costs as a percentage of sales and excess inventory, which would harm our financial performance. 
 Our quarterly results of operations and comparable sales have historically fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, as a result of factors outside our control, including: 
 general regional and national economic conditions; 
 consumer confidence in the economy; 
 unseasonal or extreme weather conditions, natural or man-made disasters or public health emergencies (such as snow storms, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, pandemics, and civil disturbances); 
 catastrophic or tragic events (such as tragedies involving firearms); 
 changes in demand for the products that we offer in our stores; 
 lack of new product introduction; 
 lockouts or strikes involving professional sports teams; 
 retirement of sports superstars used in marketing various products; 
 sports scandals, including those involving leagues, associations, teams or athletes with ties to us or our markets; 
 costs related to the closure of existing stores; 
 litigation; 
 the success or failure of college and professional sports teams in our markets; 
 expansion of existing or entry of new competitors into our markets; 
 consolidation of competitors in our markets; 
 shift in consumer tastes and fashion trends; 
 calendar shifts or holiday or seasonal periods; 
 the timing of income tax refunds to customers; 
 changes in laws and regulations, politics or consumer advocacy affecting our business, including sentiment relating to the sale of firearms and ammunition; 
 cancellations of tax-free holidays in certain states; 
 pricing, promotions or other actions taken by us or our existing or possible new competitors; and 

26 

changes in other tenants or landlords or surrounding geographic circumstances in the shopping centers in which we are located. 
 Our quarterly operating results and comparable sales may also be affected by the timing of new store openings and the relative proportion of new stores to mature stores, the level of pre-opening expenses associated with new stores and the amount and timing of net sales contributed by new stores. Furthermore, our operating margins may be impacted in periods in which incremental expenses are incurred as a result of upcoming new store openings. 
 
 The occurrence of severe weather events, catastrophic health events, natural or man-made disasters, social and political conditions or civil unrest could significantly damage or destroy our retail locations, could prohibit consumers from traveling to our retail locations or could prevent us from resupplying or staffing our stores or distribution centers or fulfilling out e-commerce orders, especially during peak shopping seasons. 
 Unforeseen events, including public health emergencies, such as pandemics, natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, freezes, snow or ice storms, floods and heavy rains, heatwaves, and man-made disasters, such as an oil spill closing large areas of hunting or fishing, could disrupt our operations or the operations of our suppliers, as well as the behavior of our consumers. For example, frequent or unusually heavy snowfall, ice storms, rainstorms or other extreme weather conditions over a prolonged period could make it difficult for our customers to travel to our stores and thereby reduce our sales and profitability. In addition, extreme weather conditions could result in disruption or delay of production and delivery of materials and products in our supply chain and cause staffing shortages in our stores. Global climate change may result in significant natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, such as drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise, and flooding. Socio-political factors, such as foreign wars, civil unrest or other economic or political uncertainties that contribute to consumer unease or harm to our supply chain or store base, may also result in decreased discretionary spending, property damage and/or business interruption losses. For example, we may face losses related to the civil unrest in the United States, such as the that which occurred in late May 2020 in response to reported incidents of police violence. To the extent these events result in the closure of one or more of our distribution centers, a significant number of stores, or our corporate headquarters or impact one or more of our key suppliers, our operations and financial performance could be materially adversely affected through an inability to support our business, resupply or staff our stores, distribution centers or corporate headquarters or fulfill our e-commerce orders, especially during peak shopping seasons, and through lost sales and any precautions that we may take may not be adequate to mitigate the impact of such events. As these events occur in the future, if they should impact areas in which we have our corporate headquarters, a distribution centers or a concentration of retail stores or vendor sources, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our business is significantly dependent on our ability to meet our labor needs. 
 
 The success of our business depends significantly on our ability to hire and retain quality team members, including store managers, Enthusiasts and other store team members, distribution center team members and corporate directors, managers and other personnel. We plan to expand our team member base to manage our anticipated growth. Competition for non-entry-level personnel, particularly for team members with retail experience, is highly competitive. Additionally, our ability to maintain consistency in the quality of customer service in our stores is critical to our success. Many of our store team members are in entry-level or part-time positions that historically have high rates of turnover. We are also dependent on the team members who staff our distribution centers, many of whom are skilled. We may be unable to meet our labor needs and control our costs due to external factors such as the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force of the markets in which we operate, competition, unemployment levels, demand for certain labor expertise, prevailing wage rates, wage inflation, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs, adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations, and the impacts of man-made or natural disasters, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, and public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, a shortage of labor for certain functions, which has increased our labor costs and negatively impacted our profitability. The extent and duration of the effect of these labor market challenges are subject to numerous factors, including the continuing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, availability of qualified persons in the markets where we and our contracted service providers operate and unemployment levels within these markets, behavioral changes, prevailing wage rates and other benefits, inflation, adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations (including increased minimum wage requirements) or government programs, safety levels of our operations, and our reputation within the labor market. 

27 

Recent or potential future legislative initiatives may seek to increase the federal minimum wage in the United States, as well as the minimum wage in a number of individual states or markets. As federal or state minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage team members, but also the wages paid to our other hourly team members as well. Further, should we fail to increase our wages competitively in response to increasing wage rates, the quality of our workforce could decline, causing our customer service to suffer. Additionally, the U.S. Department of Labor has indicated that it intends to propose rules that may have salary and wage impact for exempt team members, which could result in a substantial increase in store payroll expense. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our operating costs, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to hire and retain store-level team members capable of providing a high level of customer service, skilled distribution center team members or other qualified personnel, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 Although none of our team members are currently covered under collective bargaining agreements, we cannot guarantee that our team members will not elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. If some or our entire workforce were to become unionized and collective bargaining agreement terms were significantly different from our current compensation arrangements or work practice, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We depend on key personnel in order to support our existing business and future initiatives and may not be able to retain or replace these team members, recruit additional qualified personnel or effectively manage succession. 
 Our future success may be adversely impacted if we are not able to attract, retain and develop talent and future leaders, including our senior executives and team members. Our senior executive team closely supervises all major aspects of our business, including the design and development of our strategy, and procurement of merchandise; operation of our information technology platforms, supply chain, and store network; development and retention of critical talent; and financial planning, reporting and compliance. Our senior executive team has substantial experience and expertise in our retail business, and serves an integral role in the growth and support of our various initiatives. If we were to lose the leadership of senior executives or other key team members, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, if significant unexpected turnover occurs at the team member level, the loss of the services of these individuals, or any resulting negative perceptions of our business, could damage our reputation and our business. Competition for such qualified talent is intense, and we cannot be sure we will be able to find suitable successors promptly, or at all, or to successfully integrate any successors, or that we will be able to attract, retain, and develop a sufficient number of qualified individuals in future periods. 
 
 Our stores are located primarily in the southern United States which could subject us to regional risks. 
 Because our stores are located primarily in the southern United States, we are subject to regional risks, such as the regional economy, weather conditions and natural disasters such as floods, droughts, tornadoes and hurricanes. Man-made disasters, such as an oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, a nuclear power plant crisis or other events, may also impact our regional area. We sell a significant amount of merchandise related to outdoor activities which can be adversely affected by such events that may postpone the start of or shorten sports seasons or inhibit participation in other outdoor activities or otherwise have a significant impact on our operations. Several of our competitors operate stores across the United States and thus are not as vulnerable to the risks of operating in one region. If a region of our stores footprint suffers an economic downturn or any other adverse regional event, there could be an adverse impact on our net sales and results of operations and our ability to implement our planned expansion program. 
 
 Fluctuations in merchandise costs and availability due to fuel price uncertainty, demand changes, increases in commodity prices, labor shortages and other factors could negatively impact our consolidated and combined results of operations. 
 The cost of our merchandise is affected, in part, by the price of raw materials. A substantial rise in the price of raw materials could dramatically increase the costs associated with manufacturing the merchandise that we purchase from our suppliers, which could cause the price of our merchandise to increase and could have a negative impact on our sales and profitability. In addition, increases in commodity prices could also adversely affect our results of operations. If we increase the price for our products in order to maintain gross margins for our products, such increase may adversely affect demand for, and sales of, our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

28 

We rely upon various means of transportation, including ships and trucks, to deliver products from vendors to our distribution centers and from our distribution centers to our stores. Consequently, our results can vary depending upon numerous factors affecting transportation, including the price of fuel and the availability of trucks and ships. The price of fuel and demand for transportation services has fluctuated significantly over the last few years, and has resulted in increased costs for us and our vendors. Additionally, during fiscal 2022, we observed increased competition across the industry for resources throughout the supply chain, which resulted in disruptions to the flow of products from our vendors, labor shortages, reduced shipping container availability, and longer delays at the port. These factors negatively impacted transportation costs, and required us to pay higher rates to maintain our inventory levels, and we expect such supply chain challenges to continue at least in the near term. In addition, changes in regulations may result in higher fuel costs through taxation, transportation restrictions or other means. Fluctuations in transportation costs and availability could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Labor shortages in the transportation industry have and are expected to continue to negatively affect transportation costs and our ability to supply our stores in a timely manner. In particular, our business is highly dependent on the shipping and trucking industry to deliver products to our distribution centers and our stores. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if we, or our vendors, are unable to secure adequate transportation resources at competitive prices to fulfill our delivery schedules to our distribution centers or our stores. 
 Difficulties in moving products manufactured overseas and through the ports of North America, whether due to port congestion, government shutdowns, labor disputes, product regulations and/or inspections or other factors, including man-made or natural disasters and public health emergencies, could negatively affect our business. 
 
 We are subject to payment-related risks. 
 For our sales to our customers, we accept a variety of payment methods, including credit cards, debit cards, electronic funds transfers and electronic payment systems. Accordingly, we are, and will continue to be, subject to significant and evolving regulations and compliance requirements, including obligations to implement enhanced authentication processes that could result in increased costs and liability, and reduce the ease of use of certain payment methods. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, as well as electronic payment systems, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time. We rely on independent service providers for payment processing, including credit and debit cards. If these independent service providers become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us or if the cost of using these providers increases, our business could be harmed. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules and agreements, including data security rules and agreements, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for losses incurred by card issuing banks or customers, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, lose our ability to accept credit or debit card payments from our customers, or process electronic fund transfers or facilitate other types of payments. Any failure to comply could harm our brand, reputation, business and results of operations. 
 
 Our success depends on the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising programs. 
 Brand marketing and advertising significantly affect sales at our locations, as well as e-commerce sales. Our marketing and advertising programs may not be successful, which may prevent us from attracting new customers and retaining existing customers. If sales decline, we will have fewer funds available for marketing and advertising, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues, business and results of operations. As part of our marketing efforts, we rely on print, television and radio advertisements, as well as search engine marketing, web advertisements, social media platforms and other digital marketing to attract and retain customers. These efforts may not be successful, resulting in expenses incurred without the benefit of higher revenues or increased customer or team member engagement. Customers are increasingly using internet sites and social media to inform their purchasing decisions and to compare prices, product assortment, and feedback from other customers about quality, responsiveness and customer service before purchasing our services and products. If we are unable to continue to develop successful marketing and advertising strategies, especially for online and social media platforms, or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and sales could decline. 

29 

We may pursue strategic acquisitions, which could have an adverse impact on our business, as could assimilation of companies following acquisition. 
 Although we have never done so in the past, we may from time to time acquire companies or businesses in the future. Acquisitions may result in difficulties in assimilating acquired companies, and may result in the diversion of our capital and our management s attention from other business issues and opportunities. We may not be able to successfully integrate companies or businesses that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general store opening procedures. If we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, our business could suffer. In addition, the integration of any acquired business and their financial results may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 We are subject to costs and risks associated with laws and regulations affecting our business, including those relating to the sale, manufacture and import of consumer products and other matters, and the substance or enforcement of such laws may change or become more stringent. 
 We operate in a complex regulatory and legal environment that exposes us to regulatory, compliance and litigation risks that could materially affect our operations and financial results. We are subject to regulation by numerous federal, state and local regulatory agencies and authorities, including the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Department of Justice (DOJ), Department of Treasury, Federal Trade Commission, Customs and Border Protection, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF), SEC, Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, and Environmental Protection Agency and comparable state and local agencies. 
 Laws and regulations affecting our business may change, sometimes frequently and significantly, as a result of political, economic, social or other events. Some of the federal, state or local laws and regulations that affect us include but are not limited to: 
 consumer product safety, product liability or consumer protection laws; 
 laws related to advertising, marketing, pricing and selling our products, including but not limited to firearms, ammunition, and related accessories; 
 labor and employment laws, including wage and hour laws; 
 tax laws or interpretations thereof, including collection of state sales tax on e-commerce sales; 
 data protection and privacy laws and regulations; 
 environmental laws and regulations; 
 hazardous material laws and regulations; 
 customs or import and export laws and regulations, including collection of tariffs on product imports; 
 intellectual property laws; 
 antitrust and competition regulations; 
 banking and anti-money laundering regulations; 
 Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, and similar state and local laws and regulations; 
 website design and content regulations; and 
 securities and exchange laws and regulations. 
 We are a federally licensed firearms dealer and we sell firearms, ammunition, and related accessories. Firearms represented approximately 6 of our net sales in 2022. Numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the procurement, transportation, storage, distribution and sale and marketing of firearms, ammunition, and related accessories, including the regulations governing the performance of federally and state mandated procedures for determining customer firearm purchase eligibility (such as age and residency verification, background checks and proper completion of required paperwork). In June 2021, the DOJ announced a new policy to underscore zero tolerance for willful violations of the law by federally licensed firearms dealers that put public safety at risk. In the future, there may be increased federal, state or local regulation or enforcement affecting the sale of firearms, ammunition, and related accessories, including taxation or restrictions on the type of firearms and ammunition available for retail sale, which could reduce our sales and profitability. A failure by us to follow these laws or regulations may subject us to claims, lawsuits, fines, penalties, adverse publicity and government action (up to and including the possible revocation of licenses and permits allowing the sale of firearms and ammunition), which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

30 

Another significant risk relating to our operations is compliance with the FCPA, the UKBA, and other anti-corruption laws applicable to our international operations. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it may be a local custom that businesses operating in such countries engage in bribery and other business practices that are prohibited by the FCPA, the UKBA or other U.S. and foreign laws and regulations applicable to us. 
 We have internal policies, procedures and standards that we require all of our team members, agents and vendors to meet. Although we have implemented policies, procedures and standards of conduct designed to ensure compliance with the laws or regulations affecting our business, there can be no assurance that all of our team members, agents and vendors will comply with such laws, policies, procedures and standards of conduct. If we or one of our domestic or foreign agents or vendors fails to comply with a law or regulation, including any of the foregoing laws or regulations, or if we or one of our domestic or foreign agents or vendors fails to comply with our required policies, procedures or standards of conduct, then we may be forced to discontinue conducting business with the agent or vendor and we or they may be subject to claims, lawsuits, fines, penalties, loss of a license or permit and adverse publicity or other consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to risks associated with climate change and other sustainability-related matters, or legal, regulatory or market expectations and responses. 
 Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, including increases in global temperatures, changes in weather patterns and increasingly frequent and/or prolonged extreme weather and climate related events, could present risks to our operations. For additional information, see also our risk factor related to the impact of severe weather under Risks Related to Our Business and Industry above. Climate change could exacerbate challenges relating to the availability and quality of water and raw materials, including those used in the production of the private label and other merchandise that we sell, and may result in changes in regulations or consumer preferences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There has been an increased focus by governmental and non-governmental organizations, customers, team members and other stakeholders on products that are sustainably made and other sustainability matters, including responsible sourcing, the use of plastic, conservation, energy and water, the recyclability of packaging and materials transparency, all of which may require us to incur increased costs for additional transparency, due diligence, and reporting. Additionally, recent proposed regulatory changes related to climate change and reporting, could increase the complexity of, and compliance costs associated with, such regulations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are, and may in the future, be subject to claims, demands and lawsuits, and our insurance or indemnities may not be sufficient to cover damages related to those claims and lawsuits. 
 From time to time we may be involved in lawsuits, demands or other claims arising in the ordinary course of business. For example, we are, and may in the future, be subject to claims, demands and lawsuits, and we may suffer losses and adverse effects to our reputation, related to: 
 injuries or crimes associated with merchandise we sell, that has been associated with an increased risk of injury, including but not limited to firearms, ammunition, firearm accessories, air pistols, crossbows and other archery equipment, knives, deer stands and other hunting equipment, trampolines, wheeled goods such as bicycles and ride-on toys, certain merchandise qualifying as hazardous material and other products; 
 product liability claims from customers or actions required or penalties assessed by government agencies relating to products we sell, including but not limited to products that are recalled, defective or otherwise alleged to be harmful; 
 the design, purchase, manufacture, import, distribution and sale of our private label brand products; 
 the procurement, transportation, storage, distribution and sale of firearms and ammunition, including improper performance of federally mandated procedures for determining customer firearm purchase eligibility (such as age and residency verification, background checks and proper completion of required paperwork); 
 municipalities or other organizations attempting to recover costs from firearm manufacturers and retailers, relating to the use of firearms and ammunition; 
 the operations of a fleet of trucks for distribution purposes, including transportation of hazardous materials by such fleet; 
 the procurement and ownership, leasing or operation of property for retail stores, distribution centers and other corporate needs; 

31 

the alleged infringement upon intellectual property rights to merchandise we sell or technology or services we use, including information technology, marketing and advertising services; 
 global sourcing, including international, customs and trade issues; 
 real estate issues, including construction, leasing, zoning and environmental issues; 
 employment issues, including actions by team members, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and other federal and state employment agencies; 
 commercial disputes, including contractual and business disputes with vendors, landlords, or competitors; 
 tort, personal injury and property damage claims related to our stores, e-commerce, distribution centers or corporate headquarters; and 
 regulatory compliance, including relating to consumer protection, marketing and advertising, product safety, workplace safety, firearms, ammunition and related accessories, knives, import/export customs, taxes, tariffs, duties, and surcharges, data security and privacy, food and other regulated products, accounting, labor and employment, environmental matters, and hazardous materials. 
 We sell firearms, ammunition, and related accessories. These products are associated with an increased risk of injury and related lawsuits with respect to our compliance with Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and state laws and regulations. Any improper or illegal use by our customers of firearms, ammunition, or related accessories sold by us could have a negative impact on our reputation and business. We are, and may in the future also be, subjected to claims and lawsuits, including potential class actions, relating to our policies and practices on the sale of firearms, ammunition, or related accessories. We are, and may in the future also be, subjected to claims and lawsuits relating to the improper use of firearms, ammunition, or related accessories sold by us, including lawsuits by victims or municipalities or other organizations attempting to recover losses or costs from manufacturers and retailers of firearms, ammunition, and related accessories. 
 Due to the inherent uncertainties of claims and lawsuits, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such matters. These claims and lawsuits could cause us to incur significant expenses and devote substantial resources to defend against them and, in some cases, we could incur significant losses in the form of settlements, judgments, fines, penalties, injunctions or other orders, as well as negative publicity, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even if a claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any such assertions could adversely affect our reputation. 
 We maintain insurance coverage with third-party insurers. However, not every risk or liability is or can be protected by insurance, and, for those risks we insure, the limits of coverage we purchase or that are reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred. Liability insurance coverage is expensive and there is a risk that commercially available liability insurance will not continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost, if at all. If we or other industry participants sustain significant losses or make significant insurance claims, our ability to obtain future insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates could be materially adversely affected. An inability to obtain liability insurance, significant increases in the cost of insurance we obtain, or losses in excess of our liability insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Any insurance we carry, including the aforementioned insurance coverage, reflects deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability and similar provisions that we believe are prudent based on our operations. To offset negative insurance market trends, we may elect to self-insure, accept higher insurance deductibles or reduce the amount of insurance coverage in response to market changes. Additionally, we self-insure a portion of expected losses under our workers compensation, general liability, Academy, Ltd. Texas Work Injury Benefit Plan, and group health insurance programs. We use the services of independent actuaries for loss adjustment expense reserve analyses for the aforementioned lines of insurance. Liabilities associated with these lines of insurance are based on actual claim data and estimates of incurred but not reported claims, developed using actuarial methodologies, and may be based on historical claim trends, industry factors, claim development, as well as other actuarial assumptions. Unanticipated changes in any applicable actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying our recorded liabilities for these losses, variability in inflation rates, changes in the nature and method of claims settlement, benefit level changes due to changes in applicable laws, insolvency of insurance carriers, and changes in discount rates could result in materially different expenses than expected under these programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We require many of our vendors to carry their own insurance, and we have indemnity agreements with many of our vendors, but we cannot be assured that (1) any specific claim or lawsuit will be subject to a vendor s insurance or indemnity agreement, (2) our vendors will carry or maintain such insurance coverage or meet their indemnity obligations or (3) we will be able to collect payments from our vendors sufficient to offset liability losses or, in the case of our private label brand products, where almost all of the manufacturing occurs outside the United States, that we will be able to collect anything at all. 

32 

With all claims and lawsuits, however, there is a risk that liabilities, fines and losses may not be covered by insurance or indemnity or may exceed insurance or indemnity coverage. 
 
 Our sales and operating results could be adversely affected by product safety concerns. 
 If the products that we offer, including from both national brands and our private label brands, do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers expectations regarding safety, we could experience decreased sales, increased costs, and/or be exposed to legal and might give rise to reputational risk. All of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and it is our expectation that our vendors will stand behind their products to ensure that the products we buy comply with all federal, state, and local requirements for sale, including product safety, labeling, and testing requirements. Negative customer perceptions and publicity regarding the safety and sourcing of the products we sell, and events that give rise to actual, potential, or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action and/or private litigation. Furthermore, reputational damage caused by real or perceived product safety concerns could have a negative impact on our sales and operating results. 
 
 Our failure to protect our intellectual property or avoid the infringement of third-party intellectual property rights could be costly and have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 We believe that our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, processes, trade secrets, domain names and other intellectual property, including our Academy Sports + Outdoors brand, our private label brands, such as Academy Sports + Outdoors, Magellan Outdoors, BCG, O'rageous, Game Winner, Outdoor Gourmet and Freely, and our goodwill, designs, names, slogans, images and trade dress associated with these brands, are valuable assets, essential to our success and our competitive position due to their name recognition with customers. The unauthorized use or other misappropriation of our intellectual property could diminish the value of our brands or goodwill and cause a decline in our sales. In addition, any infringement or other intellectual property claim made by or against us, whether or not it has merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product delays, cause us to discontinue affected products, distract key resources from our core business or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. As a result, any such claim made by or against us or our failure to protect our intellectual property could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Our level of indebtedness requires that we dedicate a portion of our cash flows to debt service payments and reduces the funds that would otherwise be available for other general corporate purposes and other business opportunities, which could adversely affect our operating performance, growth, profitability and financial condition, which in turn could make it more difficult for us to generate cash flow sufficient to satisfy all of our obligations under our indebtedness. 
 As of January 28, 2023, we had approximately 194.8 million outstanding under the Term Loan and 400.0 million outstanding under the Notes, all of which is secured. As of January 28, 2023, we had no borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility (as defined in Note 4 of the accompanying financial statements), an available borrowing capacity under the ABL Facility of approximately 947.8 million (which is subject to customary borrowing conditions, including a borrowing base), and outstanding letters of credit of 13.9 million, all of which were issued under the ABL Facility. 
 Our overall level of indebtedness requires that we dedicate a portion of our cash flows to debt service payments. The Term Loan (as defined in Note 4 of the accompanying financial statements) requires quarterly principal payments through September 30, 2027, and monthly cash interest payments through maturity. The ABL Facility, under which we had no borrowings as of January 28, 2023, matures on November 6, 2025. The Notes (as defined in Note 4 of the accompanying financial statements) require semi-annual payments of interest (in arrears) and matures on November 15, 2027. 
 Our indebtedness reduces the funds that would otherwise be available for operations, future business opportunities and payments of our debt obligations and limits our ability to: 
 obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital and operations, or such financing may not be available on favorable terms; 
 make needed capital expenditures; 
 make strategic acquisitions or investments or enter into joint ventures; 
 react to changes or withstand a future downturn in our business, the industry or the economy in general; 
 meet store growth, distribution center expansion, e-commerce growth, budget targets and forecasts of future results; 

33 

engage in business activities, including future opportunities that may be in our interest; and 
 react to competitive pressures or compete with competitors with less debt. 
 These limitations could adversely affect our operating performance, growth, profitability and financial condition, which would make it more difficult for us to generate cash flow sufficient to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt obligations also depends on our financial condition, results of operations and capital resources, which are subject to, among other things: the business, financial, economic, industry, competitive, regulatory and other factors discussed in these risk factors, and on other factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: the level of capital expenditures we make, including those for acquisitions, if any; our debt service requirements; fluctuations in our working capital needs; our ability to borrow funds and access capital markets; and restrictions on debt service payments and our ability to make working capital borrowings for debt service payments contained in our debt instruments. 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to permit us to make scheduled service payments on our debt, then we will be in default and holders of that debt could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable. If our existing indebtedness were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that we would have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness in full. In addition, in the event of a default, the lenders under the ABL Facility could terminate their further commitments to loan money and our secured lenders under the Term Loan and the ABL Facility and/or holders of the Notes could foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 
 Despite our level of indebtedness, we may still be able to incur substantially more debt, which could further increase the risks to our financial condition described above. 
 Despite our level of indebtedness, we may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future, including off-balance sheet financings, trade credit, contractual obligations and general and commercial liabilities. Although the credit agreements governing the Term Loan and the ABL Facility and the indenture governing the Notes contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness, and additionally we have further borrowing capacity under the ABL Facility. As of January 28, 2023, we had no borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility, and an available borrowing capacity under the ABL Facility of approximately 947.8 million (which is subject to customary borrowing conditions, including a borrowing base). We may be able to increase the commitments under the ABL Facility by 250.0 million, subject to certain conditions. We may also be able to increase the capacity under the Term Loan by up to the greater of (x) 480.0 million and (y) 100 of the Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Term Loan), plus an additional amount, subject to certain conditions, which borrowings would be secured indebtedness. The addition of new debt to our current debt levels could further exacerbate the related risks to our financial condition that we now face. 
 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, we may be forced to take other actions to fund the satisfaction of our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 If our cash flow is insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, raise additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. However, we may not be able to implement any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Even if new financing were available, it may be on terms that are less attractive to us than our then existing indebtedness or it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us. In addition, the credit agreements governing the Term Loan and the ABL Facility and the indenture governing the Notes restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. Thus, we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. 
 If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow to permit us to make scheduled payments on our debt, then we will be in default and holders of that debt could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable. If our existing indebtedness were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that we would have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness in full. In addition, in the event of a default, the lenders under the ABL Facility could terminate their further commitments to loan money and our secured lenders under the Term Loan and the ABL Facility and/or holders of the Notes could foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 

34 

The terms of our outstanding indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 The credit agreements governing the Term Loan and the ABL Facility and the indenture governing the Notes contain restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our best interest, including restrictions on our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of, or repurchase or redeem, capital stock; 
 prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; 
 make loans, investments and other restricted payments; 
 sell or otherwise dispose of assets; 
 incur liens; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 alter the businesses we conduct; 
 enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; and 
 consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. 
 Additionally, at certain times, the ABL Facility requires maintenance of a certain minimum adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio. Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in our credit agreements and indenture may be affected by events beyond our control. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be impaired. 
 A breach of the covenants under one of these agreements could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Such a default, if not cured or waived, may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt principal and/or related interest payments and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. If our existing indebtedness were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that we would have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness in full. In addition, an event of default under the credit agreement governing our ABL Facility would permit the lenders under our ABL Facility to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under that facility. Furthermore, if we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under secured indebtedness, the lenders/holders of such indebtedness could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 Borrowings under the Term Loan and ABL Facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed will remain the same, and our net income and operating cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. We use interest rate swap agreements to hedge market risks relating to possible adverse changes in interest rates with the intent of reducing volatility in our cash flows due to fluctuations in interest rates. However, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk, may prove disadvantageous, or may create additional risks. In addition, our hedging activities are subject to the risks that a counterparty may not perform its obligations under the applicable derivative instrument. 
 LIBOR and other interest rates that are indices deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of recent and ongoing national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on our existing facilities or our future debt linked to such a benchmark and our ability to service debt that bears interest at floating rates of interest. 

35 

If the financial institutions that are lenders under the ABL Facility fail to extend credit under the facility or reduce the borrowing base, our liquidity and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 One of our sources of liquidity is the ABL Facility. Each financial institution that is a lender under the ABL Facility is responsible on a several but not joint basis for providing a portion of the loans to be made under the facility. If any participant or group of participants with a significant portion of the commitments under the ABL Facility fails to satisfy its or their respective obligations to extend credit under the facility and we are unable to find a replacement for such participant or participants on a timely basis (if at all), our liquidity may be adversely affected. In addition, the lenders under the ABL Facility may reduce the borrowing base under the facility in certain circumstances, which could adversely impact our liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 Our level of indebtedness may hinder our ability to negotiate favorable terms with our landlords, vendors and suppliers, which could negatively impact our operating performance and, thus, could make it more difficult for us to generate cash flow sufficient to satisfy all of our obligations under our indebtedness. 
 Our new store profitability is partially attributable to our ability to negotiate attractive rental rates with our landlords and to secure sale-leaseback financing at attractive cap rates. Our level of indebtedness may adversely affect our credit profile or rating, which may adversely affect our ability to negotiate favorable rental rates for our new store locations or expiring existing store leases or secure sale-leaseback financing. This could negatively impact the profitability of new and existing stores and potentially limit the number of viable new store locations or replacement store locations for expiring store leases. 
 Our successful retail strategy is partially attributable to our ability to negotiate favorable trade terms with our vendors. Our level of indebtedness may adversely affect our credit profile or rating, which may adversely affect our ability to negotiate favorable trade terms from our current or future merchandise vendors, including pricing, payment, delivery, inventory, transportation, defective and marketing allowances and other terms, and may increase our need to support merchandise purchases with letters of credit. We may also be unable to negotiate favorable trade terms for our current or future service and non-merchandise vendors, including vendors that assist us in critical aspects of the business such as real estate, transportation and logistics, customs, hazardous material and firearm compliance, warehousing and storage, insurance and risk management, procurement, marketing and advertising, store and online operations and information technology. This could negatively impact the profitability of our business and our ability to effectively compete against other retailers. Thus, our level of indebtedness could adversely affect the profitability of our business, which could make it more difficult for us to generate cash flow sufficient to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness. 

Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Our stock price may be highly volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may not be able to resell shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid or at all, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result. 
 The trading price of our common stock may be highly volatile and may be adversely affected due to a number of factors, most of which we cannot control, including those listed elsewhere under this Risk Factors section, and the following: 
 results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 
 changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates and investment recommendations by securities analysts and investors; 
 changes in economic conditions for companies in our industry; 
 changes in market valuations of, or earnings and other announcements by, companies in our industry; 
 declines in the market prices of stocks generally, particularly those of sporting goods and outdoor recreation retail companies; 
 additions or departures of key management personnel; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors; 
 announcements by us, our competitors, our suppliers of significant contracts, price reductions, new products or technologies, acquisitions, dispositions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures, other strategic relationships or capital commitments; 
 changes in preference of our customers and our market share; 
 changes in general economic or market conditions or trends in our industry or the economy as a whole; 
 changes in governmental fiscal policy or interest rate regulation; 

36 

changes in business or regulatory conditions; 
 future sales of our common stock or other securities; 
 investor perceptions of or the investment opportunity associated with our common stock relative to other investment alternatives; 
 changes in the way we are perceived in the marketplace, including due to negative publicity or campaigns on social media to boycott certain of our products, our business or our industry; 
 the public s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; 
 changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement thereof affecting our business; 
 announcements relating to litigation or governmental investigations; 
 guidance, if any, that we provide to the public, any changes in this guidance or our failure to meet this guidance; 
 the development and sustainability of an active trading market for our common stock; 
 changes in accounting principles; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from informational technology system failures and disruptions, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, civil unrest, wars (including the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and its regional and global ramifications) or responses to these events. 
 Furthermore, the stock market may experience extreme volatility that, in some cases, may be unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our common stock is low. 
 In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation against various issuers. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business regardless of the outcome of such litigation, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will repurchase our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program, and our indebtedness could limit our ability to pay future dividends on our common stock. 
 We declared and paid our first quarterly cash dividend for the fourth quarter for fiscal 2021 and have paid a quarterly cash dividend consistently thereafter. Any determination to pay future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, projections, liquidity, earnings, legal requirements, covenant compliance, restrictions in our existing and any future debt agreements and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will pay any dividends to holders of our common stock or as to the amount of any such dividends. In addition, our historical results of operations, including cash flow, are not indicative of future financial performance, and our actual results of operations could differ significantly from our historical results of operations. We have not adopted, and do not currently expect to adopt, a separate written dividend policy. Furthermore, although our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program, the timing, manner, price and amount of any common stock repurchases will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. We are not obligated to make any purchases under the program, and we may discontinue it at any time. 
 
 Additionally, our operations are conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries and our ability to generate cash to meet our debt service obligations or to make future dividend payments or conduct share repurchases, if any, is highly dependent on the earnings of, and the receipt of funds from, our subsidiaries via dividends or intercompany loans. In addition, Delaware law may impose requirements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock. 

37 

If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they downgrade our stock or our sector, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover us downgrade our stock or our industry, or the stock of any of our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of the Company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt, or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. 
 These provisions provide for, among other things: 
 a classified board of directors, as a result of which our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving for staggered three-year terms; 
 the ability of our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock without stockholder approval; 
 advance notice requirements for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at our annual meetings; 
 certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings; 
 the removal of directors only for cause and only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the shares of common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; and 
 that certain provisions may be amended only by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of shares of common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. 
 
 Our board of directors is authorized to issue and designate shares of our preferred stock in additional series without stockholder approval. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors, without the approval of our stockholders, to issue 50 million shares of our preferred stock, subject to limitations prescribed by applicable law, rules and regulations and the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as shares of preferred stock in series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The powers, preferences and rights of these additional series of preferred stock may be senior to or on parity with our common stock, which may reduce its value. 

38 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders and the federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for Securities Act claims, which could limit our stockholders ability to bring a suit in a different judicial forum than they may otherwise choose for disputes with us or our directors, officers, team members or stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other employee or stockholder of our company to the Company or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents, (iii) action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (iv) action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, which already provides that such claims must be bought exclusively in the federal courts. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the U.S. federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any actions or proceedings asserting claims arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware Supreme Court has upheld the validity of similar provisions under the DGCL, there is uncertainty as to whether a court in another state would enforce such a forum selection provision. Our exclusive forum provision does not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders are not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other team members or stockholders. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 
 You may be diluted by the future issuance of additional common stock in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise. 
 
 We have approximately 223 million shares of common stock authorized but unissued. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue these shares of common stock, options and other equity awards relating to common stock for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our board of directors in its sole discretion, whether in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. We have reserved shares for issuance under our New Academy Holding Company, LLC 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (the "2011 Equity Plan"), our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the "2020 Equity Plan"), and our 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"). Any common stock that we issue, including under our 2011 Equity Plan, 2020 Equity Plan, ESPP or other equity incentive plans that we may adopt in the future, would dilute the percentage ownership held by the investors who purchase common stock in this offering. In the future, we may also issue our securities in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of our common stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to you. 

39 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 We are headquartered at 1800 North Mason Road, Katy, Texas, 77449. The following table sets forth the location, use and size of our corporate and distribution center facilities as of January 28, 2023: Location Use Approximate Square Footage Katy, Texas Corporate Office Building 1 400,000 (1) Katy, Texas Corporate Office Building 2 200,000 (2) Katy, Texas Bulk Warehouse 200,000 (3) Katy, Texas Distribution Center 1,400,000 (4) Twiggs County, Georgia Distribution Center 1,600,000 (5) Cookeville, Tennessee Distribution Center 1,600,000 (6) Kowloon, Hong Kong Global Sourcing Office 5,000 (7) 
 (1) 20 year lease entered in 2007. 
 (2) 20 year lease entered in 2015. 
 (3) 15 year lease entered in 2012. 
 (4) 20 year lease entered in 2007. Five year extension to original term entered in 2020. 
 (5) 20 year lease entered in 2012. Five year lease extension to original term entered in 2020. 
 (6) 20 year lease entered in 2016. Three year lease extension to original term entered in 2020. 
 (7) Three year lease entered in 2022. 
 
 We lease all of our stores. Our initial store lease terms are typically 15 to 20 years with various renewal options and lease escalation structures. We believe that all of our leases are entered into at then-prevailing market lease rates. As of January 28, 2023, our total leased store square footage was approximately 18.8 million square feet. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are a defendant or co-defendant in lawsuits, claims and demands brought by various parties relating to matters normally incident to our business. No individual case, or group of cases against us, presenting substantially similar issues of law or fact, is expected to have a material effect on the manner in which we conduct our business or on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity. The majority of these cases are alleging product, premises, employment and/or commercial liability. Reserves have been established that we believe to be adequate based on our current evaluations and experience in these types of claim situations; however, the ultimate outcome of these cases cannot be determined at this time. We believe, taking into consideration our indemnities, defenses, insurance and reserves, the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Included in the matters discussed above were nine lawsuits filed against us between December 2017 and November 2019 in Texas state judicial courts located in Bexar County, Texas, by 79 plaintiffs on behalf of certain victims of a November 2017 shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas. These cases, which presented substantially similar issues of law and fact, related to the April 2016 sale by one of our stores of a firearm and magazine that were alleged to have been used in the Sutherland Springs incident. The plaintiffs sought monetary relief ranging from 1 million to over 150 million and, in some cases, injunctive relief to prohibit us from selling certain firearms in Texas to residents of states where such a sale would violate their home state s applicable firearm laws. The Supreme Court of Texas heard oral arguments relating to our motions for summary judgment to dismiss certain of the cases in October 2020 (the Texas Supreme Court Cases ), with the remainder of these cases stayed pending the Supreme Court of Texas decision. On June 25, 2021, the Supreme Court of Texas issued an opinion directing the trial court to grant our motion for summary judgment and held that the Texas Supreme Court Cases are statutorily barred and we are protected from continued participation in the Texas Supreme Court cases. Given the Supreme Court of Texas s opinion, all of the plaintiffs filed motions to voluntarily dismiss their lawsuits on April 11, 2022 and the court granted those motions and dismissed all of the plaintiffs' claims with prejudice on April 13, 2022. 

40 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Academy's common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, or Nasdaq, under the symbol "ASO" on October 2, 2020. Prior to that date, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The graph below presents the Company s cumulative total stockholder returns relative to the performance of the Nasdaq US Benchmark Retail Index and the Russell 3000 Index commencing October 2, 2020 (the Company s initial day of trading) through January 27, 2023. All values assume a 100 initial investment at the opening price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq and data for the Nasdaq US Benchmark Retail Index and the Russell 3000 Index assumes all dividends were reinvested on the date paid. The points on the graph represent fiscal quarter-end values based on the last trading day of each fiscal quarter. The comparisons are based on historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, the future performance of our common stock. 

41 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table summarizes the repurchases and cancellations of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Share Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (b) Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (b) October 30, 2022 to November 26, 2022 399,411,562 November 27, 2022 to December 31, 2022 1,125,350 52.38 1,125,350 340,489,446 January 1, 2023 to January 28, 2023 778,582 52.78 778,582 299,411,563 Total 1,903,932 52.54 1,903,932 299,411,563 
 (a) The total number of shares purchased excludes shares which were net-settled, and therefore not issued, to cover employee tax withholding related to the vesting of certain restricted stock awards. 
 (b) On June 2, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a share repurchase program (the "2022 Share Repurchase Program") under which the Company may purchase up to 600 million of its outstanding shares during the three-year period ending June 2, 2025. As of January 28, 2023, approximately 299.4 million remained available for share repurchases pursuant the 2022 Share Repurchase Program (see Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements). The 2022 Share Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular number of common shares, and the program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of March 9, 2023, there were 18 holders of record of ASO, Inc.'s common stock. The number of holders of record is based upon the actual number of holders registered at such date and does not include holders of shares in "street name" or persons, partnerships, associates, corporations or other entities identified in security position listing maintained by depositories. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 On March 2, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Board of Directors (the Board declared a quarterly cash dividend with respect to the quarter ended January 28, 2023 of 0.09 per share of common stock, payable on April 13, 2023, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 23, 2023. The Company intends to announce quarterly cash dividends, the declaration, timing, amount, and payment of which will be subject to the discretion and approval of the Board, taking into account such considerations as the Board may deem relevant at the time, including, among others, the Company s results, financial condition and capital allocation plans. 

Item 6. Reserved 

42 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 (this "Annual Report"). 
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See the section of this Annual Report entitled "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements." When reviewing the discussion below, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that characterize our business. Known material factors that could affect our financial performance and actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements included in this discussion or otherwise made by our management, are described in the "Risk Factors" section of this Annual Report. 
 Any reference in this Annual Report to "year" or any year in particular refers to our fiscal year, which represents the fifty-two or fifty-three week period ending on the Saturday closest to January 31. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons or changes regarding 2022 are made to 2021. 
 All references in this discussion and analysis to "2022", "2021" and "2020" or like terms relate to our fiscal years as follows: Fiscal Year Ended Weeks 2022 January 28, 2023 52 2021 January 29, 2022 52 2020 January 30, 2021 52 

Overview 
 We are a leading full-line sporting goods and outdoor recreation retailers in the United States. Our mission is to provide Fun for All and we fulfill this mission with a localized merchandising strategy and value proposition that deeply connect with a broad range of consumers. Our product assortment focuses on key categories of outdoors, apparel, sports recreation and footwear (representing 31 , 28 , 21 and 20 of our 2022 net sales, respectively) through both leading national brands and a portfolio of 20 private label brands, which go well beyond traditional sporting goods and apparel offerings. 
 Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. A significant portion of our net sales and profits is driven by summer holidays, such as Memorial Day, Father s Day and Independence Day, during the second quarter. Our net sales and profits are also impacted by the November/December holiday selling season, and in part by the sales of cold weather sporting goods and apparel during the fourth quarter. 
 As of January 28, 2023, we operated 268 stores that range in size from approximately 40,000 to 130,000 gross square feet, with an average size of approximately 70,000 gross square feet, throughout 18 contiguous states located primarily in the southern United States. Our stores are supported by approximately 22,000 team members, three distribution centers, and our e-commerce platform, which includes our website at www.academy.com and our mobile app, introduced in the 2021 second quarter. Additionally, we are deepening our customer relationships, further integrating our e-commerce platform with our stores and driving operating efficiencies by developing our omnichannel capabilities, such as our mobile app, optimizing the website experience and upgrading our fulfillment capabilities. 

43 

The following table summarizes store activity for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 Beginning stores 259 259 259 Q1 new stores 1 Q2 new stores 1 Q3 new stores 4 Q4 new stores 3 Closed Ending stores 268 259 259 Relocated stores 1 
 
 How We Assess the Performance of Our Business and Recent Trends 
 Our management considers a number of financial and operating metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, determine the allocation of resources, make decisions regarding corporate strategies and evaluate projections. These metrics include operational measures and non-GAAP metrics supplemental to our GAAP results. 
 Comparable Sales. We define comparable sales as the percentage of period-over-period net sales increase or decrease, in the aggregate, for stores open after thirteen full fiscal months, as well as for all e-commerce sales. There may be variations in the way in which some of our competitors and other retailers calculate comparable sales. As a result, data in this Annual Report regarding our comparable sales may not be comparable to similar data made available by other retailers. Stores which have been significantly remodeled or relocated are removed from this calculation until the new store has been in operation for substantially all of the periods being compared. Stores which have been closed for an extended period of time due to circumstances beyond our control are also removed from the calculation. Any sales made through our website or mobile app are allocated to e-commerce sales for the purpose of measuring comparable sales, regardless of how those sales are fulfilled, whether shipped to home or picked up in-store or curbside through our buy-online-pickup-in-store program ("BOPIS"). For example, all BOPIS transactions, which are originated by our website, are allocated to e-commerce sales for the purpose of comparable sales, despite the fact that our customers pick-up these purchases from a specific store. 
 Increases or decreases in e-commerce between periods being compared directly impact the comparable sales results. Various factors affect comparable sales, including consumer preferences, buying trends and overall economic trends; our ability to identify and respond effectively to customer preferences and local and regional trends; our ability to provide an assortment of high quality/value oriented product offerings that generate new and repeat visits to our stores and our website; the customer experience and unique services we provide in our stores; our ability to execute our omnichannel strategy, including the growth of our e-commerce business; changes in product mix and pricing, including promotional activities; the number of items purchased per visit and average order value; a shift in the timing of a holiday between comparable periods; and the number of stores that have been in operation for more than 13 months. We have seen a significant comparable sales increase in recent years from (0.7 in 2019 to 16.1 and 18.9 in 2020 and 2021, respectively. However, we experienced a decrease in comparable sales of 6.4 in 2022. See the discussion on Net Sales below for some contributing factors to the recent changes. 
 
 Transactions and average ticket. We define transactions as the number of customer transactions for stores and e-commerce during a given period on a comparable sales basis. Transactions are influenced by customer traffic, the amount of customers that visited our stores or website, and sales conversion, the percent of those customers that made a purchase. We define average ticket as total comparable sales divided by the number of transactions during a given period, which tells us the average amount the customer is spending on a purchase. 

44 

Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow to supplement GAAP measures of performance in the evaluation of the effectiveness of our business strategies, to make budgeting decisions, and to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures. Management also uses Adjusted EBIT as a performance target to establish and award discretionary annual incentive compensation. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below. 
 Components of Our Results of Operations. Our profitability is primarily influenced by fluctuations in net sales, inventory expenses, our ability to leverage selling, general and administrative expenses, and our ability to limit our interest and income tax expense. 
 Net Sales . Net sales are derived from in-store and e-commerce merchandise sales, net of sales tax and an allowance for merchandise returns. 
 Net sales fluctuations can be driven by new store openings, comparable sales increases or decreases including e-commerce sales, our ability to adjust inventory based on sales fluctuations, our management of vendor relations and meeting customer demand, allowances and logistics, seasonality, unseasonal or extreme weather, changes in consumer shopping preferences, consumer discretionary spending, and market and sales promotions. 
 We must maintain sufficient inventory levels of merchandise that our customers desire to successfully operate our business. A shortage of popular merchandise could reduce our net sales. Conversely, we also must seek to avoid accumulating excess inventory to avoid markdowns and clearance, which negatively impact sales and gross margin. We have deployed several new tools over recent years to improve inventory handling and vendor management, including third-party programs to analyze our inventory stock and execute a disciplined markdown strategy throughout the year at every location. This implementation, along with other factors, has allowed us to improve our inventory management in stores over the past few years. We have coupled these tools with the data we have been able to collect from our Academy Credit Card program, our customer database and targeted customer surveys, so that we can better estimate future inventory requirements. It is imperative that we continue to find innovative ways to strengthen our inventory management if we are to remain competitive and expand our margins on a go-forward basis. 
 We continue to believe that the increased popularity of isolated recreation, outdoor and leisure activity products brought on by customer demand during the COVID-19 pandemic will result in a long-term increase to our customer base. Additionally, we have benefited from shifting of customer spend towards in-home health and wellness and dedicating more time to memory-making experiences. Our broad assortment gives us an advantage over mass general merchants who typically do not carry the leading national brands sold at Academy. We have also continued to add private label brand products to our assortment of products, which we generally price lower than the national brand products of comparable quality that we also offer. A shift in our sales mix in which we sell more units of our private label brand products and fewer units of the national brand products would generally have a positive impact on our gross margin but an adverse impact on our total net sales. Furthermore, our softgoods merchandise divisions, which consist of apparel and footwear, have higher margins than our hardgoods merchandise divisions, which consist of outdoors and sports and recreation. A shift in sales mix toward softgoods would generally have a positive impact on gross margin and a shift in sales mix towards hardgoods would generally have a negative impact on gross margin. In recent years we have experienced higher sales related to the outdoors and sports and recreation merchandise divisions, as our customers turned to us for isolated recreation and outdoor and leisure activities during the pandemic. As our business begins to normalize, we are experiencing a shift in our sales mix from the outdoors and sports and recreation merchandise divisions to the footwear and apparel merchandise divisions, which would generally have a positive impact on our gross margin rate. 
 The expansion and enhancement of our omnichannel capabilities has resulted in increased sales in recent years and we expect that it will continue to be a driver of growth in our net sales and gross margin. We continue to invest in initiatives that will increase traffic to our e-commerce platform, which includes our website and mobile app, and drive increased online sales conversion. During 2022, we improved our omnichannel capabilities by implementing several innovative features to enhance the customer shopping experience, including outfitting, express check-out and enabling biometric security measures. Our improved e-commerce platform supports our stores with digital marketing and our BOPIS and ship-to-store programs. Additionally, our e-commerce platform allows us to reach customers outside of our current store footprint and introduces new customers to the Academy brand. It also allows for us to connect further with our customers for marketing and product education. We believe it is important that we continue to grow our omnichannel capabilities, which, together with recent enhancements made to our website and omnichannel capabilities, contributed to the increase in e-commerce sales during 2020, 2021 and 2022. During 2022, stores facilitated approximately 95 of our total sales, including ship-from-store, BOPIS and in-store retail sales. We expect to continue to invest in expanding and enhancing our omnichannel capabilities, including support of our mobile app, optimizing the web site experience and upgrading our fulfillment capabilities, which will continue to require significant investments by us. 

45 

We expect that new stores will be a key driver of growth in our net sales and gross margin in the future. Our results of operations have been and will continue to be materially affected by the timing and number of new store openings. We are continually assessing the number of locations available that could accommodate our preferred size of stores in markets we would consider, and we expect to open 13 to 15 new stores in fiscal 2023. We expect most of our stores to achieve profitability within the first twelve months of opening. We believe our real estate strategy has positioned us well for further expansion. 
 Gross Margin. Gross margin is our net sales less cost of goods sold. Our cost of goods sold includes the direct cost of merchandise and costs related to procurement, warehousing and distribution, which consist primarily of payroll and benefits, distribution center occupancy costs and freight and are generally variable in nature relative to our sales volume. 
 Our gross margin depends on a number of factors, such as net sales increases or decreases, our promotional activities, product mix including private label brand merchandise sales, and our ability to control cost of goods sold, such as inventory and logistics cost management. Our gross margin is also impacted by variables including commodity costs, freight costs, shrinkage and inventory processing costs and e-commerce shipping costs. We track and measure gross margin as a percentage of net sales in order to evaluate our performance against profitability targets. 
 Over the past couple of years, we have seen increased competition across the industry for resources throughout a constrained supply chain, which has resulted in disruptions to the flow of products from our vendors, labor shortages, reduced shipping container availability, and longer delays at the port. As a result, we have experienced a period of decreased or delayed supply and high inflation. These factors have negatively impacted transportation and inventory costs. Under the last in, first out method ("LIFO"), our cost of sales reflects the costs of the most recently purchased inventories. A prolonged continuation of high inflationary levels of inventory and related transportation costs could result in LIFO charges that have a negative impact on our gross margin. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses include store and corporate administrative payroll and payroll benefits, store and corporate headquarters occupancy costs, advertising, credit card processing, information technology, pre-opening costs and other store and administrative expenses. These expenses are both variable and fixed in nature. As sales increase at a higher rate than our SG A, this results in sales leverage and a higher sales flow through to net income, which we have experienced in recent years with SG A expenses as a percentage of sales declining from 23.1 to 21.3 in 2020 and 2021, respectively. However, SG A expenses as a percentage of sales remained relatively flat at 21.4 in 2022 when compared to 21.3 in 2021. We track and measure operating expenses as a percentage of net sales in order to evaluate our performance against profitability targets. Management of SG A expenses depends on our ability to balance a control of operating costs, such as store, distribution center, and corporate headcount, information technology infrastructure and marketing and advertising expenses, with efficiently and effectively servicing our customers. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense includes regular interest payable related to our Term Loan, Notes and ABL Facility (see Note 4 to the accompanying financial statements) and the amortization of our deferred loan costs and original issuance discounts associated with the acquisition of the debt. In November of 2020, we refinanced our debt resulting in an approximate 630 million reduction in our overall debt outstanding. Subsequently, in May of 2021 we entered into an amendment to our Term Loan, which reduced the applicable margin on our LIBOR rate by 1.25 , and paid down 99 million (see Note 4 to the accompanying financial statements). In December of 2022, we utilized cash on hand to voluntarily prepay 100 million of outstanding borrowings on our Term Loan (see Note 4 to the accompanying financial statements). These actions have resulted in interest expense reductions in 2021 and 2022 and are expected to continue into 2023. 
 Income Tax Expense. Prior to October 1, 2020, New Academy Holding Company, LLC, our prior ultimate parent company, was treated as a flow through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and thus no federal income tax expense was recorded in our consolidated statements of income for periods prior to October 1, 2020. Our tax rate prior to October 1, 2020 was almost entirely the result of state income taxes. In connection with our initial public offering ("IPO"), as a result of the Reorganization Transactions (see Note 1 to the accompanying financial statements) completed on October 1, 2020, Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. ("ASO, Inc.") is treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal, state, and local income tax purposes and accordingly, a provision for income taxes has been recorded for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations for federal, state and local income taxes since October 1, 2020. 

Results of Operations 
 A discussion regarding Results of Operations and Analysis of Financial Condition for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2022, as compared to the fiscal year ended January 30, 2021, is included in Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2022. 

46 

2022 (52 weeks) Compared to 2021 (52 weeks) 
 
 The following table sets forth amounts and information derived from our consolidated statements of income for the periods indicated as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): Fiscal Year Ended Change January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Dollars Percent Net sales 6,395,073 100.0 6,773,128 100.0 (378,055) (5.6) Cost of goods sold 4,182,571 65.4 4,422,033 65.3 (239,462) (5.4) Gross margin 2,212,502 34.6 2,351,095 34.7 (138,593) (5.9) Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,365,953 21.4 1,443,148 21.3 (77,195) (5.3) Operating income 846,549 13.2 907,947 13.4 (61,398) (6.8) Interest expense, net 46,441 0.7 48,989 0.7 (2,548) (5.2) Loss on early retirement of debt 1,963 0.0 2,239 0.0 (276) (12.3) Other (income), net (20,175) (0.3) (2,821) (0.0) (17,354) 615.2 Income before income taxes 818,320 12.8 859,540 12.7 (41,220) (4.8) Income tax expense 190,319 3.0 188,159 2.8 2,160 1.1 Net income 628,001 9.8 671,381 9.9 (43,380) (6.5) 
 Percentages in table may not sum properly due to rounding. 
 
 Net Sales . Net sales decreased 378.1 million, or 5.6 , in 2022 over the prior year as a result of decreased comparable sales of 6.4 , which were partially offset by 50.7 million in additional net sales generated by new locations. As of the end of 2022, we operated nine additional stores as compared to the end of 2021. 
 The decrease of 6.4 in comparable sales was driven by lower sales across all merchandise divisions as a result of fewer transactions of 8.2 , partially offset by an increase in average ticket of 2.0 . The higher comparable sales in the prior year were partially due to stimulus payments and child tax credits issued by the U.S. government during 2021. The majority of the decrease in comparable sales was due to lower sales in the outdoors merchandise division caused by a decrease in the hunting category. To a lesser extent, within the outdoors merchandise division, fishing also contributed to the decrease in sales. The sports and recreation merchandise division sales also declined, largely driven by recreation and fitness as these categories were particularly impacted by increased prior year isolated recreation demands brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic, especially in categories such as fitness equipment, outdoor games, bikes and outdoor cooking. These decreases were partially offset by increased sales in team sports, including football, basketball, baseball and golf. The apparel division experienced declining sales largely due to athletic apparel and youth apparel, which were partially offset by increased sales in licensed apparel, and the footwear division was relatively flat compared to the prior year. 
 E-commerce sales increased 56.8 million, or 9.1 , in 2022 when compared to the prior year and represented 10.7 and 9.3 of merchandise sales for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Gross Margin. Gross margin for 2022 decreased 138.6 million, or 5.9 , when compared to 2021. Our gross margin, as a percentage of net sales, was 34.6 in 2022 compared to 34.7 in 2021, a decrease of 10 basis points. This decrease is primarily due to: 
 17 basis points of unfavorability in e-commerce shipping costs due to increased e-commerce sales during 2022; 
 13 basis points of unfavorability on inventory valuation adjustments; partially offset by 
 19 basis points of favorability on domestic inbound freight due to lower freight costs per unit. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. SG A expenses decreased 77.2 million, or 5.3 , to 1,366.0 million in 2022 from 1,443.1 million in 2021 primarily due to higher prior year compensation costs associated with the 2021 Vesting Event (see Note 1 to the accompanying financial statements) of 24.9 million of equity compensation and 15.4 million in related payroll tax expense. Additionally, 54.7 million of higher performance-based compensation in 2021 contributed to the decrease. As a percentage of net sales, SG A expenses increased 0.1 to 21.4 in 2022 compared to 21.3 in 2021 primarily attributable to deleverage from decreased sales. 

47 

Loss on early retirement of debt. Loss on early retirement of debt decreased 0.3 million to a loss of 2.0 million from 2.2 million in 2021. During the 2022 fourth quarter, we utilized cash on hand to voluntarily prepay 100.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan, which resulted in a loss on early retirement of debt of 2.0 million. During the 2021 second quarter, we refinanced our Term Loan, including a prepayment of 99.0 million, which resulted in a loss on early retirement of debt of 2.2 million. 
 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased 2.5 million, or 5.2 , to 46.4 million in 2022 from 49.0 million in 2021 resulting primarily from a lower outstanding balance on our long-term debt as a result of the Refinancing Transactions (see Note 4 to the accompanying financial statements) and the voluntary Term Loan prepayments of 99.0 million and 100.0 million, which occurred in the second quarter of 2021 and the fourth quarter of 2022, respectively, partially offset by an increase in interest rates in recent months on our Term Loan. 
 
 Other (Income), net. Other income increased 17.4 million in 2022 when compared with 2021, primarily driven by 7.2 million in business interruption proceeds received related to a winter storm which occurred in February of 2021 (see Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements) and higher interest income driven by favorable interest rate movement on money market investments in the current year. 
 
 Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense increased 2.2 million to 190.3 million in 2022 as compared to 188.2 million in 2021 resulting primarily from an increased effective tax rate. ASO, Inc.'s effective tax rate for 2022 was 23.3 compared to 21.9 in 2021. The change in effective tax rate was primarily driven by a prior year benefit from tax deductions related to the vesting or exercise of several equity compensation awards. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow, as shown below, have been presented in this Annual Report as supplemental measures of financial performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, net, income tax expense and depreciation, amortization and impairment, further adjusted to exclude consulting fees, private equity sponsor monitoring fees, equity compensation expense, (gain) loss on early retirement of debt, net, severance and executive transition costs, costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic, payroll taxes associated with the 2021 Vesting Event and other adjustments. We define Adjusted EBIT as net income (loss) before interest expense, net, and income tax expense, further adjusted to exclude consulting fees, private equity sponsor monitoring fees, equity compensation expense, (gain) loss on early retirement of debt, net, severance and executive transition costs, costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic, payroll taxes associated with the 2021 Vesting Event and other adjustments. We describe these adjustments reconciling net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA and to Adjusted EBIT in the applicable table below. We define Adjusted Net Income as net income (loss), plus consulting fees, private equity sponsor monitoring fees, equity compensation expense, (gain) loss on early retirement of debt, net, severance and executive transition costs, costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic, payroll taxes associated with the 2021 Vesting Event and other adjustments, less the tax effect of these adjustments. We define Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income as Adjusted Net Income less the retrospective tax effect of Adjusted Net Income at our estimated effective tax rate of approximately 25 for periods prior to October 1, 2020, the effective date of our conversion to a C-Corporation. We define basic Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share as Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income divided by the basic weighted average common shares outstanding during the period and diluted Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share as Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income divided by the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. We describe these adjustments by reconciling net income (loss) to Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income and Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share in the applicable table below. We describe Adjusted Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less net cash used in investing activities. We describe this adjustment by reconciling net cash provided by operating activities to Adjusted Free Cash Flow in the applicable table below. 

48 

We believe Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income and Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Management believes Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income and Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share are useful to investors in highlighting trends in our operating performance, while other measures can differ significantly depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which we operate and capital investments. Management believes Adjusted Free Cash Flow is a useful measure of liquidity and an additional basis for assessing our ability to generate cash. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow to supplement GAAP measures of performance in the evaluation of the effectiveness of our business strategies, to make budgeting decisions and to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures. Management also uses Adjusted EBIT as a performance target to establish and award discretionary annual incentive compensation. 
 Management supplements GAAP results with non-GAAP financial measures to provide a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting the business than GAAP results alone. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow are not recognized terms under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) as a measure of financial performance or net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of liquidity, or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP. Additionally, these measures are not intended to be a measure of free cash flow available for management s discretionary use as they do not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments and debt service requirements. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income and Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share should not be construed to imply that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow should not be construed to imply that our future results will be unaffected by any such adjustments. 
 
 Our Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income and Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share do not reflect costs or cash outlays for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income and Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect the interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt, and Adjusted Free Cash Flow does not reflect the cash requirements necessary to service principal payments on our debt; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect period to period changes in taxes, income tax expense or the cash necessary to pay income taxes; 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income and Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share do not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations; 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Free Cash Flow do not reflect cash requirements for such replacements; and 
 other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to invest in business growth or to reduce indebtedness. Management compensates for these limitations by primarily relying on our GAAP results in addition to using Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow supplementally. 

49 

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT 
 The following table provides reconciliations of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA and to Adjusted EBIT for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 Net income 628,001 671,381 308,764 Interest expense, net 46,441 48,989 86,514 Income tax expense 190,319 188,159 30,356 Depreciation and amortization 106,762 105,274 105,481 Consulting fees (a) 285 Private equity sponsor monitoring fee (b) 14,793 Equity compensation (c) 21,175 39,264 31,617 (Gain) loss on early retirement of debt, net 1,963 2,239 (3,582) Severance and executive transition costs (d) 6,571 Costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic (e) 17,632 Payroll taxes associated with the 2021 Vesting Event (f) 15,418 Other (g) 3,118 8,592 Adjusted EBITDA (h) 994,661 1,073,842 607,023 Less: Depreciation and amortization (106,762) (105,274) (105,481) Adjusted EBIT (h) 887,899 968,568 501,542 (a) Represents outside consulting fees associated with our strategic cost savings and business optimization initiatives. (b) Represents our contractual payments under the Monitoring Agreement (see Note 13 to the accompanying financial statements). (c) Represents non-cash charges related to equity based compensation, which vary from period to period depending on certain factors such as the 2021 Vesting Event (see Note 1 to the accompanying financial statements), timing and valuation of awards, achievement of performance targets and equity award forfeitures. (d) Represents severance costs associated with executive leadership changes and enterprise-wide organizational changes. (e) Represents costs incurred during the first half of 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including temporary wage premiums, additional sick time, costs of additional cleaning supplies and third party cleaning services for the stores, corporate office and distribution centers, accelerated freight costs associated with shifting our inventory purchases earlier in the year to maintain stock, and legal fees associated with consulting in local jurisdictions. These costs were no longer added back beginning in the third quarter of 2020. 
 (f) Represents cash expenses related to taxes on equity-based compensation resulting from the 2021 Vesting Event. 
 (g) Other adjustments include (representing deductions or additions to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT) amounts that management believes are not representative of our operating performance, including installation costs for energy savings associated with our profitability initiatives, legal fees associated with a distribution to NAHC's (see Note 1 to the accompanying financial statements) members and our omnibus incentive plan, and other costs associated with strategic cost savings and business optimization initiatives. 
 (h) Effective January 28, 2023, we no longer exclude pre-opening expenses from our computation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT (see "Pre-Opening Expenses" in Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements). 

50 

Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income and Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted Net Income, Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income and Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share for the periods presented (amounts in thousands, except per share data): 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 Net income 628,001 671,381 308,764 Consulting fees (a) 285 Private equity sponsor monitoring fee (b) 14,793 Equity compensation (c) 21,175 39,264 31,617 (Gain) loss on early retirement of debt, net 1,963 2,239 (3,582) Severance and executive transition costs (d) 6,571 Costs related to the COVID-19 pandemic (e) 17,632 Payroll taxes associated with the 2021 Vesting Event (f) 15,418 Other (g) 3,118 8,592 Tax effects of these adjustments (h) (5,382) (14,884) (136) Adjusted Net Income (i) 645,757 716,536 384,536 Estimated tax effect of change to C-Corporation status (j) (72,844) Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income (i) 645,757 716,536 311,692 Earnings per common share: Basic 7.70 7.38 3.96 Diluted 7.49 7.12 3.79 Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Share: Basic 7.91 7.88 4.00 Diluted 7.70 7.60 3.83 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 81,590 90,956 77,994 Diluted 83,895 94,284 81,431 
 (a) Represents outside consulting fees associated with our strategic cost savings and business optimization initiatives. (b) Represents our contractual payments under the Monitoring Agreement. (c) Represents non-cash charges related to equity based compensation, which vary from period to period depending on certain factors such as the 2021 Vesting Event, timing and valuation of awards, achievement of performance targets and equity award forfeitures. (d) Represents severance costs associated with executive leadership changes and enterprise-wide organizational changes. (e) Represents costs incurred during the first half of 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including temporary wage premiums, additional sick time, costs of additional cleaning supplies and third party cleaning services for the stores, corporate office and distribution centers, accelerated freight costs associated with shifting our inventory purchases earlier in the year to maintain stock, and legal fees associated with consulting in local jurisdictions. These costs were no longer added back beginning in the third quarter of 2020. 
 (f) Represents cash expenses related to taxes on equity-based compensation resulting from the 2021 Vesting Event. 
 (g) Other adjustments include (representing deductions or additions to Adjusted Net Income) amounts that management believes are not representative of our operating performance, including installation costs for energy savings associated with our profitability initiatives, legal fees associated with a distribution to NAHC's members and our omnibus incentive plan, and other costs associated with strategic cost savings and business optimization initiatives. 
 (h) Represents the tax effect of the total adjustments made to arrive at Adjusted Net Income and Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income at our historical tax rate. 
 (i) Effective January 28, 2023, we no longer exclude pre-opening expenses from our computation of Adjusted Net Income and Pro Forma Adjusted Net Income (see "Pre-Opening Expenses" in Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements). (j) Represents the retrospective tax effect of Adjusted Net Income at our estimated effective tax rate of approximately 25 for periods prior to October 1, 2020, the effective date of our conversion to a C-Corporation, upon which we became subject to federal income taxes. 

51 

Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to Adjusted Free Cash Flow for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 552,005 673,265 1,011,597 Net cash used in investing activities (108,806) (76,017) (33,144) Adjusted Free Cash Flow 443,199 597,248 978,453 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 
 Our principal liquidity requirements are for working capital, capital expenditures and cash used to pay our debt obligations and related interest expense. We also use cash to pay dividends and occasionally use cash to repurchase common stock. We fund these liquidity requirements through cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operating activities, issuances of debt (such as the Notes) and borrowings under our ABL Facility. On January 28, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 337.1 million. We believe our cash and cash equivalents, as well as our availability under the ABL Facility, will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, the Company's long-term debt and interest rates consists of (see Note 4 to the accompanying financial statements): 
 Notes - 6.00 fixed rate senior secured notes with 400 million in principal outstanding and full principal maturing November 15, 2027; 
 Term Loan - 8.12 variable rate term-loan with 194.8 million in principal outstanding maturing November 6, 2027 and quarterly principal payments of 750 thousand; and 
 ABL Facility - 1.0 billion commitment on a variable rate secured asset-based revolving credit facility with no principal outstanding maturing November 6, 2025. 
 The following table summarizes our current debt obligations by fiscal year (amounts in thousands): 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total Term Loan and related interest (1) 
 19,590 17,263 15,660 15,284 192,860 260,657 Notes and related interest (2) 
 24,000 24,000 24,000 24,000 424,000 520,000 ABL Facility and related interest (3) 
 2,500 2,500 1,909 6,909 
 (1) Interest payments do not include amortization of discount and debt issuance costs and are approximated based on projected interest rates and assume no unscheduled principal payments. 
 (2) Interest payments do not include amortization of debt issuance costs and assumes Notes are paid in full at maturity date. 
 (3) Assumes a minimum revolving credit commitment of 1.0 billion and no balances drawn on our ABL Facility. 

52 

Liquidity information related to the ABL Facility is as follows for the periods shown (dollar amounts in thousands): Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 Average funds drawn 126,648 Number of days with outstanding balance 99 Maximum daily amount outstanding 500,000 Minimum available borrowing capacity 935,550 780,945 161,089 
 
 Liquidity information related to the ABL Facility (amounts in thousands) as of: January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Outstanding borrowings Outstanding letters of credit 13,878 17,828 Available borrowing capacity 947,764 874,831 
 
 Leases 
 
 We lease store locations, distribution centers, office space and certain equipment under operating leases expiring between fiscal years 2023 and 2043. Operating lease obligations include future minimum lease payments under all of our non-cancelable operating leases at January 28, 2023. The following table summarizes our operating lease obligations by fiscal year: 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total Operating lease payments (1) (2) 
 211,906 207,038 200,278 192,346 178,547 908,455 1,898,570 
 (1) Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by sublease rentals of 0.5 million due in the future under non-cancelable subleases. 
 (2) These balances include stores where we have an executed contract but have not taken possession of the location as of January 28, 2023. 
 
 In the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, we opened nine new locations. We expect to open 13 to 15 stores in fiscal 2023. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 On June 2, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a share repurchase program (the "2022 Share Repurchase Program") under which the Company may purchase up to 600 million of its outstanding shares during the three-year period ending June 2, 2025. As of January 28, 2023, the Company had 299.4 million remaining for share repurchases under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 The 2022 Share Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular number of common shares, and the program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. In 2022 and 2021, we repurchased and concurrently retired 11,903,636 and 10,566,796 shares of ASO, Inc. common stock for an aggregate amount of 489.5 million and 411.4 million, respectively, which include purchases that were pursuant to the Share Repurchase Programs (see Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements) and those that were made prior to the Share Repurchase Programs. 

53 

The following table summarizes our share repurchases for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Amount Repurchased First Quarter (January 30, 2022 to April 30, 2022) 2,272,349 38.95 88,500,881 Second Quarter (May 1, 2022 to July 30, 2022) 5,550,892 36.05 200,110,996 Third Quarter (July 31, 2022 to October 29, 2022) 2,176,463 46.33 100,824,712 Fourth Quarter (October 30, 2022 to January 28, 2023) (1) 
 1,903,932 52.54 100,038,078 Total Shares Repurchased 11,903,636 41.12 489,474,667 
 (1) See Part II, Item 5 - Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for further detail on the 2022 fourth quarter share repurchases. 

Dividends 
 
 The following table summarizes our quarterly dividend payments for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 
 Dividends Paid per Share Total Dividends Paid Stockholder Date of Record First Quarter (January 30, 2022 to April 30, 2022) 0.075 6,536 March 17, 2022 Second Quarter (May 1, 2022 to July 30, 2022) 0.075 6,271 June 16, 2022 Third Quarter (July 31, 2022 to October 29, 2022) 0.075 5,974 September 15, 2022 Fourth Quarter (October 30, 2022 to January 28, 2023) 0.075 5,852 December 20, 2022 Total Dividends Paid 24,633 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 The following table summarizes our capital expenditures for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 (amounts in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Corporate, e-commerce and information technology programs 50,019 44,967 New stores and relocations 42,735 1,955 Updates for existing stores and distribution centers 15,550 28,880 Total capital expenditures 108,304 75,802 
 
 We expect capital expenditures for fiscal year 2023 to be between 200 million and 250 million. The following table summarizes our forecasted allocation of capital expenditures for fiscal year 2023: 
 
 2023 Corporate, e-commerce and information technology programs 25 New stores 55 Updates for existing stores and distribution centers 20 
 
 We review forecasted capital expenditures throughout the year and will adjust or our capital expenditures based on business conditions at that time. 

54 

Cash Flows: 
 
 Our consolidated statements of cash flows are summarized as follows (in thousands): Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 552,005 673,265 1,011,597 Net cash used in investing activities (108,806) (76,017) (33,144) Net cash used in financing activities (592,052) (488,854) (750,234) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (148,853) 108,394 228,219 
 
 Operating Activities. Cash flows from operating activities are seasonal in our business. Typically, cash flows from operations are used to build inventory in advance of peak selling seasons, with the fourth quarter pre-holiday inventory increase being the most significant. 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities in 2022 decreased 121.3 million compared to 2021. This decrease is attributable to: 
 
 51.5 million net decrease in non-cash charges; 
 43.4 million decrease in net income; and 
 26.4 million net decrease in cash flows provided by operating assets and liabilities. 
 
 The decrease from non-cash charges was primarily caused by: 
 
 37.7 million decrease in deferred income taxes; and 
 18.1 million decrease in equity compensation expense as a result of the 2021 Vesting Event. 
 
 The decrease in cash flows from operating assets and liabilities was primarily attributable to: 
 
 90.3 million decrease in cash flows from accrued expenses and other current liabilities which was largely driven by performance compensation payments made and lower related accrual rates in 2022; partially offset by 
 70.1 million increase in cash flows from merchandise inventories, net related to higher prior year outflows to replace lower inventory. 
 
 Investing Activities . Cash used in investing activities increased 32.8 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase in cash used in investing activities is primarily related to: 
 
 32.5 million higher capital expenditures driven by investments in new stores and store updates in 2022. 
 
 Financing Activities . Cash used in financing activities increased 103.2 million in the 2022, compared to 2021. The primary drivers of the increase were: 
 
 78.1 million increase in cash outflows related to Company's repurchase and simultaneous retirement of common stock; 
 27.3 million decrease in net proceeds from the exercise of stock options; 
 24.6 million increase in cash outflows related to dividend payments made in 2022; partially offset by 
 14.2 million decrease in taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards; and 
 11.2 million decrease in Share-Based Award Payments (see Note 9 to the accompanying financial statements) which were made in 2021. 
 
 Future Liquidity 
 
 We expect to use existing cash balances, internally generated cash flows and borrowings under our ABL Facility to fulfill anticipated obligations such as capital expenditures, dividends, stock repurchases, working capital needs and scheduled debt maturities over at least the next twelve months. As of January 28, 2023, we had 947.8 million of available capacity under our ABL Facility and 337.1 million of cash and cash equivalents. 

55 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 This discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that can have a meaningful effect on the reporting of consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Critical accounting estimates are defined as those reflective of significant judgments, estimates and uncertainties, which may result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. The Company believes the following are its critical accounting estimates: 
 
 Merchandise Inventories, net 
 
 Description: Merchandise inventories are valued at the lower of weighted average cost or net realizable value using the last-in first-out ("LIFO") method. Merchandise inventories include the direct cost of merchandise and capitalized costs related to procurement, warehousing and distribution and are reflected net of shrinkage, vendor allowances and other valuation accounts. 
 
 Judgments and Uncertainties: We record an inventory reserve for the estimated shrinkage between physical inventories on a by location basis. We generally perform a full physical inventory count for each store at least once a year, throughout the year, after which our shrinkage accrual rate to sales for each store is updated based on historical results. For vendor allowances based on contractual provisions, we develop accrual rates for receivables as determined by the agreements, which are typically linked to purchase volumes. Other non-contractual vendor allowances received are applied upon receipt. We regularly review inventories and record a valuation adjustment when necessary such as for inventory that has a carrying value in excess of the net realizable value or for slow moving or obsolete inventory. 
 
 Impact of Assumptions: For inventory shrinkage, our reserves may be inaccurate if our historical physical inventory shrinkage rates, used in our assumptions, differ significantly from actual rates due to consistent misses to our accrual. However, due to the frequency with which we perform full physical inventory counts, our assumptions are regularly updated, and we constantly analyze the physical inventory results to our accruals and, where necessary, adjust our store accruals to compensate for consistent patterns identified. We have not had a history of significant differences to our reserves for vendor allowances, and the assumptions generally do not have a significant impact on reserves since they are typically short-term and contractual in nature. We book a reserve for inventory permanently marked down below the inventory s historical cost. Additionally, for slow moving or obsolete inventory, we book reserves based on historical margins received for marked down inventory with similarly slow historical sell-through rates. A twenty percent decrease in assumed margins would not have a material impact to our financial statements. We believe our long history of operations has given us sufficient data to enable us to accurately predict these reserves. 
 
 Impairment of long-lived assets 
 
 Description: We review the carrying value of long-lived assets, including property and equipment at our stores, for indicators of impairment regularly and whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 
 Judgments and Uncertainties: We test stores operating over a long enough time span, based on our previous store history for similar locations, to allow for meaningful analysis of future operating results. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the use of the assets, which is generally projected based on historical results. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds its estimated fair value, which is calculated using discounted expected future cash flows. 

56 

Impact of Assumptions: The assumptions used to project store impairment loss is based on projected future store income and considers variables such as historical and current trends, macroeconomic conditions, store location and local economy and supply chain factors. Additionally, the long-term store income projections also contain a projection of future store specific costs such as store wages and advertising. Actual long-term income results could vary significantly from our projections due to a variety of reasons such as changes in the local retail environment or macroeconomic factors not used in our assumptions. In addition to variables considered in developing projected long-term store income, assumptions are made to develop the assumed discount rate based on company specific factors. There is significant judgment used in determining these assumptions used in the assessment of store impairment and variability in the assumptions could cause us to reach a materially different conclusion on impairment, however, we do not believe the net book value of any individual store assets are material to the Company s operations. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Description: Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. We test for goodwill at the reporting unit level, which is the operating segment level. We operate in one operating segment with one reporting unit. 
 
 Judgments and Uncertainties: The annual goodwill impairment test provides for the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to evaluate the existence of events and circumstances that would lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If such a conclusion is reached, we would then be required to perform a quantitative impairment assessment of goodwill. However, if the qualitative assessment leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, then no further assessments are required. 
 
 Our quantitative assessment for determining the fair value of our reporting unit includes using an estimated discounted cash flow model (income approach) and market value approach. The output of this assessment is an estimated fair value for our reporting unit that is compared to its carrying value to determine whether an impairment charge is necessary. The income approach uses a discounted cash flow analysis of our projected long-term future company income, and the market value approach is based on earnings multiples for a comparable set of public companies. These approaches use key input assumptions such as our projected future operating results, the discount rate, the weighting for each valuation approach and the comparable set of companies. 
 
 Impact of Assumptions: The assumptions used to project long-term company income consider variables such as historical and current trends, macroeconomic conditions, supply chain factors, projections consistent with the Company s operating strategy, such as the future development of e-commerce and our assumptions used on future store openings, and other variables expected to impact future sales. Additionally, the long-term company income projections also contain a projection of future company costs such as wages, freight and transportation, and advertising. Actual long-term company income results could vary significantly from our projections due to a variety of reasons such as changes in the retail environment or macroeconomic factors not used in our assumptions. In addition to variables considered in developing projected long-term company income, assumptions are made to develop the discount rate, which is based on an assumed risk-free rate, and an equity risk premium developed from general historical market data and comparable companies. The earnings multiples used in the market approach can vary dependent on which companies are selected in our comparable set. A history of declining trends in our operating results such as comparable sales, gross margin, net income and cash flow from operations could impact these assumptions and serve as indicators of future impairment. There is significant judgment used in determining these assumptions used in the assessment of goodwill impairment and variability in the assumptions could cause us to reach a different conclusion on impairment. In 2022, we performed a qualitative impairment assessment and determined a quantitative assessment was not necessary. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 Description: Intangible assets primarily consists of the trade name "Academy Sports + Outdoors" (the "Trade Name"). The Trade Name is expected to generate cash flows indefinitely and, therefore, is accounted for as an indefinite-lived asset not subject to amortization. The Trade Name is tested for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the Trade Name may not be recoverable. 

57 

Judgments and Uncertainties: The annual Trade Name impairment test provides for the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to evaluate the existence of events and circumstances that would lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If such a conclusion is reached, we would then be required to perform a quantitative impairment assessment for the Trade Name. However, if the qualitative assessment leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, then no further assessments are required. 
 
 Impairment is calculated as the excess of the Trade Name s carrying value over its fair value. The fair value of the Trade Name is determined using the relief-from-royalty method, a variation of the income approach. This method assumes that, in lieu of ownership, a third party would be willing to pay a royalty in order to exploit the related benefits of these types of assets. Once a supportable royalty rate is determined, the rate is then applied to the projected long-term sales over the expected remaining life of the intangible assets to estimate the royalty savings. This approach is dependent on a number of factors, including projections of long-term sales, royalty rates, discount rates and other variables. 
 
 Impact of Assumptions: The assumptions used to project long-term company sales consider variables such as historical and current trends, macroeconomic conditions, supply chain factors, projections consistent with the Company s operating strategy, such as the future development of e-commerce and our assumptions used on future store openings, and other variables expected to impact future sales. Actual long-term income results could vary significantly from our projections due to a variety of reasons such as changes in the retail environment or macroeconomic factors not used in our assumptions. In addition to variables considered in developing projected long-term sales, assumptions are made to develop the royalty rates and discount rates. The royalty rates are based on market data where royalty rates are applicable and the discount rates are based on an assumed risk-free rate, and an equity risk premium based on general historical market data and comparable companies. A history of declining trends in our operating results such as comparable sales, gross margin, net income and cash flow from operations could impact these assumptions and serve as indicators of future impairment. There is significant judgment used in determining these assumptions on intangible asset impairment and variability in the assumptions could cause us to reach a different conclusion on impairment. In 2022, we performed a qualitative impairment assessment and determined a quantitative assessment was not necessary. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements. 

Related Party Transactions 
 For discussion of related party transactions, see Note 13 to the accompanying financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our exposure to changes in interest rates primarily results from our Term Loan and ABL Facility, as these borrowings have variable interest rates. When appropriate, we also enter into fixed interest rate debt, such as the Notes, to limit the floating interest rate exposure on our long term debt or historically we have used derivative financial instruments to mitigate the risk from such exposure. A discussion of our accounting policies for derivative financial instruments is included in Note 5. Derivative Financial Instruments and Note 6 Fair Value Measurements to our accompanying financial statements included in Part IV. Item 15 of this Annual Report. The detrimental effect of a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates on current borrowings under the Term Loan and ABL Facility would increase our interest expense by approximately 2.0 million. 
 
 Interim Results and Seasonality 
 Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. A significant portion of our net sales and profits is driven by summer holidays, such as Memorial Day, Father s Day and Independence Day, during the second quarter. Our net sales and profits are also impacted by the November/December holiday selling season, and in part by the sales of cold weather sporting goods and apparel during the fourth quarter. 

58 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 The financial statements required to be filed hereunder are set forth on pages 64 through 101 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

59 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and our Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and our CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes: 
 maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; 
 providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; 
 providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and 
 providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Also projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of change in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The Company s management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 
 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting which is set forth herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the Company's most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

60 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended January 28, 2023, of the Company and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 16, 2023 

61 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information concerning our executive officers is set forth under the heading Information about our Executive Officers in Part I of this report. Further information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The following table gives information about the Company's common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under all of the Company's equity compensation plans as of January 28, 2023. The table includes the 2011 Unit Incentive Plan, the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Plan Category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Service-Based Stock Options 3,570,694 24.27 (1) Performance-Based Stock Options 218,477 16.59 (1) Service-Based Restricted Stock Units 437,108 N/A (1) Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 298,929 N/A (1) 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan N/A (1) Total 4,525,208 23.83 (2) 
 (1) Of the plans listed above, only 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan allows for future grants of securities. The maximum number of shares that may be granted under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (inclusive of unissued shares that were carried over from the 2011 Unit Incentive Plan) is approximately 4,456,456. Stock options and restricted stock units are counted on a one-for-one basis. Total shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan is 2,430,900. The total shares available for issuance under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is 1,717,411. 
 (2) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options only. 
 
 Additional information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

62 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

63 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements. The consolidated Financial Statements required to be filed hereunder are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 65 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule. The consolidated financial statement schedule to be filed hereunder is included on page 108 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other schedules have not been included because they are not applicable or because the information is included elsewhere in this report. 
 (3) Exhibits. The Exhibits listed in the Index to Exhibits, which appears on pages 102 to 106 and is incorporated herein by reference, are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain Exhibits are incorporated by reference from documents previously filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to Rule 12b-32 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

64 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 66 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'/Partners' Equity for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021 72 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 73 

65 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders'/partners equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes and schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 At January 28, 2023, the Company s merchandise inventories balance was 1.3 billion. Merchandise inventories are valued at the lower of weighted average cost or last-in first-out ("LIFO") method. Merchandise inventories include the direct cost of merchandise and capitalized costs related to procurement, warehousing and distribution and are reflected net of shrinkage, vendor allowances and other valuation accounts. 
 
 We identified merchandise inventories as a critical audit matter because of the high volume of transactions and because the Company has multiple systems to process and record inventory movements which are highly automated. This required an increased extent of effort, including the need for us to involve professionals with expertise in information technology (IT), to identify, test and evaluate the Company s systems, software applications and automated controls. 

66 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s systems to process merchandise inventory transactions included the following, among others: 
 
 Identified the significant systems used to process inventory transactions and tested the general IT controls over each of these systems, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT operations controls. 
 Performed testing of system interface controls and automated controls, as well as the controls designed to ensure the accuracy and completeness of inventory. 
 Obtained an understanding, completed risk assessment procedures and evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of business process controls over the Company s significant inventory processes. 
 Agreed weighted average cost calculations to source information including third party vendor invoices. 
 Performed store and distribution center physical inventory counts. 
 We tested whether the underlying data used as key inputs in the Company s LIFO calculation were consistent with gross inventory. This included reconciling the inventory used for the LIFO calculation to the inventory subledger. 

/s/ 

March 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1996. 

67 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable - less allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Merchandise inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS TRADE NAME GOODWILL OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' / PARTNERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current lease liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities LONG-TERM DEBT, NET LONG-TERM LEASE LIABILITIES DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES, NET OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 14) STOCKHOLDERS' / PARTNERS' EQUITY: Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares; issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, authorized shares; and issued and outstanding as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Stockholders' / partners' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' / partners' equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

68 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 NET SALES COST OF GOODS SOLD GROSS MARGIN SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES OPERATING INCOME INTEREST EXPENSE, NET (GAIN) LOSS ON EARLY RETIREMENT OF DEBT, NET ) OTHER (INCOME), NET ) ) ) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAX EXPENSE NET INCOME EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE: BASIC (1) 
 DILUTED (1) 
 WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC (1) 
 DILUTED (1) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

69 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME: Net income Unrealized loss on interest rate swaps ) Recognized interest expense on interest rate swaps Loss on swaps from debt refinancing Tax benefit (expense) ) Total comprehensive income 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

70 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' / PARTNERS EQUITY 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Redeemable Membership Units Stockholders' / Partners' Equity Total Membership Units / Common Stock Partners' Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' / Partners' Equity Units (1) 
 Amount Units (1) 
 Amount Shares (1) 
 Amount Amount Amount Amount Amount Units / Shares (1) 
 Balances as of February 1, 2020 ) Net income Equity compensation Adjustment to Redeemable Membership Units for settlement of vested Restricted Units ) ) Adjustment to Redeemable Membership Units for repurchase of units from Managers ) ) Repurchase of Redeemable Membership Units ) ) ) ) Distributions to holders of Membership Units ) ) Effect of the Reorganization Transactions ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in IPO and Over-Allotment, net of Offering Costs Cumulative tax effect resulting from Reorganization Transactions ) ) Share-Based Award Payments ) ) Share-Based Award Payments adjustment for forfeitures Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units ) Stock option exercises Unrealized loss on interest rate swaps (net of tax impact of 
 ) ) Loss on swaps from debt refinancing (net of tax impact of 
 Recognized interest expense on interest rate swaps (net of tax expense of 
 Balances as of January 30, 2021 ) Net income Equity compensation Repurchase of common stock for retirement ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units ) Share-Based Award Payments adjustment for forfeitures Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock option exercises Recognized interest expense on interest rate swaps (net of tax benefit of 
 Balances as of January 29, 2022 Net income Equity compensation Repurchase of common stock for retirement ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock option exercises Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Balances as of January 28, 2023 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

71 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense ) ) Equity compensation Amortization of deferred loan, terminated interest rate swaps and other costs Loss on swaps from debt refinancing Deferred income taxes Non-cash (gain) loss on early retirement of debt, net ) Casualty loss Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Merchandise inventories, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Other noncurrent assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Income taxes payable ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchases of intangible assets ) ) Note receivable from member Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from ABL Facility Repayment of ABL Facility ) Proceeds from Term Loan, net of discount Repayment of Term Loan ) ) ) Proceeds from Notes Debt issuance fees ) ) Share-Based Award Payments ) ) Distribution ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of Offering Costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase program Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Repurchase of common stock for retirement ) ) Repurchase of Redeemable Membership Units ) Dividends paid ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Non-cash issuance of common stock Change in capital expenditures in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

72 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 
 "Academy Sports + Outdoors" retail locations in states and distribution centers located in Katy, Texas, Twiggs County, Georgia and Cookeville, Tennessee. Our distribution centers receive, store and ship merchandise to our stores and customers. We also sell merchandise to customers across most of the United States via our academy.com website. 
 
 Fiscal Year 

Initial Public Offering and Reorganization Transactions 
 On October 6, 2020, ASO, Inc. completed an initial public offering (the "IPO") in which we issued and sold shares of common stock, par value for cash consideration of per share (representing an initial public offering price of per share, net of underwriting discounts) to a syndicate of underwriters led by Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives, resulting in net proceeds of approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts, which included approximately million paid to KKR Capital Markets LLC ("KCM"), an affiliate of KKR, for underwriting services in connection with the IPO, and million in costs directly associated with the IPO ("Offering Costs"), such as legal and accounting fees. The shares sold in the offering were registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), pursuant to our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248683) (the "Registration Statement"), which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on October 1, 2020. 
 In connection with our IPO, we completed a series of reorganization transactions (the "Reorganization Transactions") that resulted in: 
 NAHC, the previous parent holding company for the Company, being contributed to ASO, Inc. by its members and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of ASO, Inc., which thereupon became our parent holding company; and 
 one share of common stock of ASO, Inc. issued to then-existing members of NAHC for every membership units of NAHC contributed to ASO, Inc. 

73 

shares of the Company's common stock, par value per share, for cash consideration of per share (representing an initial public offering price of per share, net of underwriting discounts) to the IPO underwriters, resulting in approximately million in proceeds net of underwriting discounts, which included million paid to KCM for underwriting services, pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to additional shares to cover over-allotments in connection with the IPO (the "IPO Over-Allotment Exercise"). The option expired with respect to the remaining shares. 
 
 Secondary Offering 
 On January 27, 2021, ASO, Inc. entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement ), by and among ASO, Inc., Allstar LLC, Allstar Co-Invest Blocker L.P., KKR 2006 Allstar Blocker L.P., MSI 2011 LLC, MG Family Limited Partnership and the former management selling stockholder named therein (collectively, the Selling Stockholders ), and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (the Underwriters ), relating to an underwritten offering of shares of common stock (the Secondary Offering ), pursuant to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252390), filed on January 25, 2021. The Selling Stockholders granted the Underwriters the option to purchase, within days from the date of the Underwriting Agreement, an additional shares of common stock. On January 29, 2021, the Underwriters exercised in full their option to purchase the additional shares. The Secondary Offering was completed on February 1, 2021. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriters purchased the shares from the Selling Stockholders at a price of approximately per share. The Company did t receive any proceeds from the Secondary Offering. 
 May 2021 Secondary Offering and Stock Repurchase 
 On May 5, 2021, ASO, Inc. entered into an underwriting agreement (the May 2021 Underwriting Agreement ), by and among ASO, Inc., Allstar LLC, Allstar Co-Invest Blocker L.P., KKR 2006 Allstar Blocker L.P., MSI 2011 LLC and MG Family Limited Partnership (collectively, the May 2021 Selling Stockholders ), and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (the May 2021 Underwriters ), relating to an underwritten offering of shares of common stock at per share (the May 2021 Secondary Offering ), pursuant to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255720), filed on May 3, 2021. The May 2021 Selling Stockholders granted the May 2021 Underwriters the option to purchase, within days from the date of the May 2021 Underwriting Agreement, an additional shares of common stock. On May 6, 2021, the May 2021 Underwriters exercised in full their option to purchase the additional shares. The May 2021 Secondary Offering also included the Company's repurchase and simultaneous retirement of shares out of the shares at per share, the same price granted to the May 2021 Underwriters, which was at a discount to the prevailing market price at the time of repurchase (see "Share Repurchases" in Note 2). The May 2021 Secondary Offering was completed on May 10, 2021. The Company did t receive any proceeds from the May 2021 Secondary Offering. 
 The May 2021 Secondary Offering reduced the KKR ownership interest in the Company, resulting in a vesting event (the "2021 Vesting Event") for awards granted under the 2011 Unit Incentive Plan, whereby unvested time awards and performance-based awards which had previously met their performance targets vested and unvested performance-based awards which had not previously met their performance targets were forfeited. As a result, we incurred approximately million in non-cash expenses related to equity-based compensation and approximately million of cash expenses related to taxes on equity-based compensation. Additionally, approximately million of Share-Based Award Payments (see Note 9) for equity-based compensation distributions were accelerated during the 2021 second quarter. 

74 

shares of common stock at approximately per share, pursuant to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-259477), filed on September 13, 2021. The September 2021 Secondary Offering also included the Company s repurchase and simultaneous retirement of shares out of the shares of common stock at approximately , the same price granted to the September 2021 Underwriters, which was at a discount to the prevailing market price at the time of repurchase (see "Share Repurchases" in Note 2). The September 2021 Secondary Offering was completed on September 17, 2021. The Company did t receive any proceeds from the September 2021 Secondary Offering. 

2. 

Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 

Retrospective Presentation of Ownership Exchange 
 Prior to the IPO, ASO, Inc. was a wholly-owned subsidiary of NAHC. On the IPO pricing date (October 1, 2020), the then-existing members of NAHC contributed all of their membership units of NAHC to ASO, Inc. and, in exchange, received one share of common stock of ASO, Inc. for every membership units of NAHC contributed to ASO, Inc. (such :1 contribution and exchange ratio, the "Contribution Ratio"). As a result of such contributions and exchanges, upon the IPO, NAHC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ASO, Inc., which became our parent holding company. The par value and authorized shares of the common stock of ASO, Inc. of and , respectively, remain unchanged as a result of such contributions and exchanges. All membership units and redeemable membership units in the financial statements and notes have been retrospectively adjusted to give effect to the Contribution Ratio, as if such contributions and exchanges occurred as of all pre-IPO periods presented, including the periods presented on the Statements of Income, Statements of Stockholders / Partners Equity, Note 9. Share-Based Compensation, and Note 10. Earnings per Common Share. 

75 

membership units in NAHC that Managers contributed to ASO, Inc., and the Redeemable Membership Units in Managers that were held by its owners were reduced proportionately by the Contribution Ratio, so that the outstanding number of Redeemable Membership Units in Managers equaled the number of shares of ASO, Inc. common stock held by Managers on a 1:1 basis. 
 NAHC was the sole managing member of Managers with a controlling voting interest, but no economic interest, in Managers. As the sole managing member of Managers, NAHC operated and controlled all business affairs of Managers. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Financial Instruments 

Accounts Receivable 

Concentration of Risk 
 
 vendors. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, purchases from our largest vendor represented approximately , and of our total inventory purchases, respectively. No other vendor in any of the aforementioned years exceeded 10 of our purchases. We typically do not enter into long-term inventory purchase commitments, and we did not have any such commitments as of January 28, 2023 or January 29, 2022. 

76 

Merchandise Inventories, net 

Property and Equipment 

years 
 Other equipment 
 years 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 years 

When assets are retired or sold, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from our accounts, and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of income. Repair and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred and significant improvements that substantially enhance the useful life or enhance the functionality of an asset are capitalized and amortized. 
 
 Capitalized Computer Software Costs 
 
 The amounts capitalized were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The amounts capitalized were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

77 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest expense, net on the consolidated statement of income is shown net of capitalized interest. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 t record an impairment of long-lived assets in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 operating segment with reporting unit. 
 
 The annual goodwill impairment test provides for the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to evaluate the existence of events and circumstances that would lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If such a conclusion is reached, we would then be required to perform a quantitative impairment assessment of goodwill. However, if the qualitative assessment leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, then no further assessments are required. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we performed a qualitative assessment and determined a quantitative assessment was not necessary. 
 
 Our quantitative assessment for determining the fair value of our reporting unit includes using an estimated discounted cash flow model (income approach) and market value approach. The output of this assessment is an estimated fair value for our reporting unit that is compared to its carrying value to determine whether an impairment charge is necessary. The income approach uses a discounted cash flow analysis of our projected long-term future company income, and the market value approach is based on earnings multiples for a comparable set of public companies. 
 
 impairment of goodwill existed for 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Intangible Assets 

78 

impairment of intangible assets existed for 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Deferred Loan Costs 

Derivative Instruments 

On January 19, 2021, we settled our remaining outstanding interest rate swaps, which were scheduled to expire on various dates during 2021, for million. As of January 28, 2023, we do not have any derivative financial instruments outstanding. 
 
 Self-Insurance 

Leases 

79 

Net Sales 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Shipping and Handling Costs 

Vendor Allowances 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Advertising Expenses 
 
 Advertising expenses, net of specific vendor allowances, were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

80 

Pre-opening expenses for our new stores were million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were pre-opening expenses in 2020. 
 
 Equity Compensation 

Share Repurchases 
 million of its outstanding shares during the period ending September 2, 2024. On June 2, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a new share repurchase program (the "2022 Share Repurchase Program") under which the Company may purchase up to million of its outstanding shares during the period ending June 2, 2025. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program and the 2021 Share Repurchase Program are collectively referred to as the "Share Repurchase Programs". 
 Under the Share Repurchase Programs, repurchases can be made using a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, block trades, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share repurchase programs and/or a non-discretionary trading plan, all in compliance with the rules of the SEC and other applicable legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any common share repurchases will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The Share Repurchase Programs do not obligate the Company to acquire any particular number of common shares, and the programs may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. 
 In 2022 and 2021, we repurchased and concurrently retired and shares of ASO, Inc. common stock for an aggregate amount of million and million, respectively, which includes purchases that were made pursuant to the Share Repurchase Programs and those that were made prior to our Share Repurchase Programs. As of January 28, 2023, we longer had availability under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program, and we had million available for share repurchases pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. The Company allocates the excess of the repurchase price over the par value of shares acquired to Retained Earnings and Additional Paid-in Capital. The portion allocated to Additional Paid-in Capital is determined by dividing the number of shares to be retired by the number of shares issued multiplied by the balance of Additional Paid-in Capital as of the retirement date. 
 
 Income Taxes 

81 

Insurance Proceeds 
 
 million in business interruption proceeds due to the suspension of normal operations at some of our Texas store locations, as well as our e-commerce platform, for several days in February of 2021 as a result of a winter storm which had a significant impact on the energy infrastructure in the state of Texas. These proceeds are included in Other (income), net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Comprehensive Income 

Operating Segment 
 
 reportable segment. Substantially all of the Company s identifiable assets are located in the United States. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

82 

3. 
 
 Sports and recreation Apparel Footwear Total merchandise sales (1) 
 Other sales (2) 
 Net sales 
 (1) E-commerce sales consisted of , and of merchandise sales for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Other sales consists primarily of the gift card breakage income, credit card bounties and royalties, shipping income, net hunting and fishing license income, sales return allowance and other items. 
 We sell gift cards in stores, online and in third-party retail locations. The gift cards we sell have no expiration dates. A liability for gift cards, which is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, is established at the time of sale and revenues are recognized as the gift cards are redeemed in stores or on our website. Based on historical gift card redemption patterns, we believe we can reasonably estimate the amount of gift cards that have a remote likelihood of redemption. These identified amounts are recorded as net sales and recognized in proportion to historical redemption trends, which is referred to as "breakage". 
 
 Issued Redeemed ) ) ) Recognized as breakage income ) ) ) Gift card liability, ending balance 

4. 
 
 Term Loan, due November 2027 Notes, due November 2027 Total debt 
 Less current maturities ) ) Less unamortized discount on Term Loan ) ) Less deferred loan costs (1) 
 ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 (1) Deferred loan costs are related to the Term Loan and Notes. 

83 

million and million, respectively, and was included in other noncurrent assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Total amortization of deferred loan costs was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total expenses related to accretion of original issuance discount were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 On November 6, 2020, the Company issued the Notes (as defined below), entered into the 2020 Term Loan (as defined below), and entered into the 2020 ABL Facility (the "Refinancing Transactions"). The Company used the net proceeds from the Notes and the net proceeds from the 2020 Term Loan, together with cash on hand, to repay in full outstanding borrowings under its then-existing term loan, in the amount of million. 
 On May 25, 2021, the Company refinanced its 2020 Term Loan and paid down approximately million of the 2020 Term Loan. On December 15, 2022, the Company utilized cash on hand to voluntarily prepay million of outstanding borrowings of the Term Loan. 
 Term Loan 
 
 We refer to the 2015 Term Loan, the 2020 Term Loan and the Amendment collectively as the "Term Loan". 
 
 On July 2, 2015, Academy, Ltd. entered into a billion senior secured term loan (the "2015 Term Loan") with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative and collateral agent, and other lenders, and a million secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the "2015 ABL Facility") with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and other lenders. Academy, Ltd. received proceeds from the 2015 Term Loan of billion, which was net of discount of million. The 2015 Term Loan bore interest at our election, at either (1) LIBOR rate with a floor of , plus a margin of , or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc.'s "prime rate", or (c) the one-month LIBOR rate plus , plus a margin of . Quarterly principal payments of approximately million were required through June 30, 2022, with the balance due in full on the maturity date of July 2, 2022. 
 
 Prior to the Refinancing Transactions, we repurchased million of principal on our Term Loan for million, resulting in a net gain of million. In connection to the Refinancing Transactions, the Company also recognized an offsetting non-cash loss on early retirement of debt of million from the write-off of deferred loan costs associated with the early retirement of the 2015 Term Loan. The net result of these transactions resulted in a million gain on early retirement of debt in 2020. 
 
 On November 6, 2020, as a part of the Refinancing Transactions, Academy, Ltd. entered into a million senior secured term loan (the "2020 Term Loan") with Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Island Branch ("Credit Suisse"), as the administrative agent and collateral agent and the several other lenders and parties. The 2020 Term Loan will mature on November 6, 2027. The 2020 Term Loan bore interest, at Academy, Ltd. s election, at either (1) LIBOR rate with a floor of , plus a margin of , or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) Credit Suisse s "prime rate", or (c) the one-month LIBOR rate plus , plus a margin of . Quarterly principal payments of approximately million were required through September 30, 2027, with the balance due in full on the maturity date of November 6, 2027. 
 On May 25, 2021, Academy, Ltd. entered into Amendment No. 4 (the Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, among Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as the administrative agent and collateral agent, the several lenders party thereto and the several other parties named therein (as previously amended, the Existing Credit Agreement and as amended by the Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Amendment, Academy, Ltd. (i) reduced the applicable margin on LIBOR borrowings under the Existing Credit Agreement from to and (ii) utilized cash on hand to repay million of outstanding borrowings under the Existing Credit Agreement, leaving an outstanding principal balance of million under the Amended Credit Agreement. Quarterly principal payments of thousand are required through September 30, 2027 and borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement will continue to mature on November 6, 2027. All other material terms and provisions of the 2020 Term Loan remain substantially the same as the terms and provisions in place immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Amendment. As of January 28, 2023, the weighted average interest rate was , with interest payable monthly. The terms and conditions of the Amendment also require that the outstanding balance under the Term Loan is prepaid under certain circumstances. In connection with the 2020 Term Loan and the Amendment, the Company capitalized related professional fees of million as deferred loan costs. 

84 

million in 2021 from the write-off of deferred loan costs and expense related to the original issuance discount associated with our 2020 Term Loan. 
 
 On December 15, 2022, the Company utilized cash on hand to voluntarily prepay million of outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan. In connection with this principal payment, the Company recognized a non-cash loss on early retirement of debt of million from the write-off of deferred loan costs related to the original issuance discount associated with the Term Loan. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement contains customary events of default such as failure to pay principal or interest, breaches of representations and warranties, violations of affirmative or negative covenants, cross-defaults to other material indebtedness, a bankruptcy or similar proceeding, rendering of certain monetary judgments, invalidity of collateral documents and changes of control. As of January 28, 2023, no prepayment was due under the terms and conditions of the Term Loan. 
 
 Notes 
 On November 6, 2020, as a part of the Refinancing Transactions, Academy, Ltd. issued million of senior secured notes which are due November 15, 2027 (the "Notes"), pursuant to an indenture, dated as of November 6, 2020 (the "Indenture"), with Academy, Ltd. the Guarantors (as defined below) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (in such capacity, the "Notes Collateral Agent"). The Notes pay interest semi-annually in arrears in cash on May 15 and November 15 of each year at a rate of per year, commencing on May 15, 2021. In connection with issuance of the Notes, the Company capitalized related professional fees of million as deferred loan costs. 
 The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by each of NAHC, Associated Investors L.L.C. and Academy Managing Co., L.L.C., each a direct or indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (collectively, the "Guarantors"), and each of Academy, Ltd. s future wholly-owned domestic restricted subsidiaries, to the extent such subsidiary guarantees Academy, Ltd. s senior secured credit facilities or certain capital markets debt. 
 On or after November 15, 2023, Academy, Ltd. may, at its option and on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of the Notes at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. At any time prior to November 15, 2023, Academy, Ltd. may, at its option and on one or more occasions, redeem all or part of the Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date, plus a "make-whole" premium as described in the Indenture. In addition, at any time prior to November 15, 2023, Academy, Ltd. may, at its option and on one or more occasions, redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at a redemption price equal to of the aggregate principal amount thereof, with an amount equal to or less than the net cash proceeds from one or more equity offerings to the extent such net cash proceeds are received by or contributed to Academy, Ltd., plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. 
 Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a Change of Control (as defined in the Indenture), Academy, Ltd. will be required to make an offer to repurchase all of the Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
 The Indenture provides for events of default which include (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), among others, nonpayment of principal or interest, breach of other agreements in respect of the Notes, acceleration of certain other indebtedness, failure to pay certain final judgments, failure of certain guarantees to be enforceable, failure to perfect certain collateral securing the Notes and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, which events of default, if any occur, would permit or require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then-outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately. 

85 

million secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the "2015 ABL Facility"). On May 22, 2018, the Company amended the agreement governing the 2015 ABL Facility, to increase the commitment on the facility from million to billion. In connection with the amendment to the 2015 ABL Facility, the Company capitalized related professional fees of million as deferred loan costs and wrote off million in previously capitalized deferred loan costs. The 2015 ABL Facility was scheduled to mature on May 22, 2023. 
 On November 6, 2020, as a part of the Refinancing Transactions, Academy, Ltd., as borrower, and the Guarantors, as guarantors, amended the 2015 ABL Facility by entering into an amendment to the First Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2015, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as the administrative agent and collateral agent, letter of credit issuer and swingline lender (the "ABL Agent") and the several lenders party thereto, which ABL amendment (the "2020 ABL Facility"), among other things, extended the maturity of Academy, Ltd. s asset-based revolving credit facility thereunder to November 6, 2025. In connection with the 2020 ABL Facility, the Company capitalized related professional fees of million as deferred loan costs. 
 
 The ABL Facility is used to provide financing for working capital and other general corporate purposes, as well as to support certain letters of credit requirements, and availability is subject to customary borrowing base and availability provisions. During the normal course of business, we periodically utilize letters of credit primarily for the purchase of import goods and in support of insurance contracts. As of January 28, 2023, we had outstanding letters of credit of approximately million, all of which were issued under the ABL Facility, and we had borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility, leaving the available borrowing capacity under the ABL Facility of million. 
 
 Borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest, at our election, at either of (1) LIBOR plus a margin of to , or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.'s "prime rate", or (c) the one-month LIBOR rate plus , plus a margin of to . The ABL Facility also provides a fee applicable to the unused commitments of . The terms and conditions of the ABL Facility also require that we prepay outstanding loans under the ABL Facility under certain circumstances. As of January 28, 2023, no future prepayments of outstanding loans have been triggered under the terms and conditions of the ABL Facility. 
 Liens and guarantees. The ABL Facility has a first priority lien on all Academy, Ltd.'s cash, accounts receivable, inventory, deposit and securities accounts and proceeds therefrom (the "ABL Collateral"). Additionally, the ABL Facility has a second priority lien on all other collateral of the Term Loan. All obligations under the Term Loan and the guarantees of those obligations are secured by: 
 a second-priority security interest in the ABL Collateral; 
 a first-priority security interest in, and mortgages on, substantially all present and after acquired tangible and intangible assets of Academy, Ltd and the Guarantors; and 
 a first-priority pledge of of the capital stock of Academy, Ltd. and its domestic subsidiaries and of the voting capital stock of each of Academy, Ltd.'s foreign subsidiaries, if any, that are directly owned by Academy, Ltd. or a future U.S. guarantor, if any. 

86 

of the capital stock of Academy and its domestic subsidiaries and of the voting capital stock of each of Academy s foreign subsidiaries, if any, that are directly owned by Academy or a future U.S. guarantor, if any. 
 In order to secure the Notes and the guarantees, Academy, Ltd. and the Guarantors entered into certain security documents with the Notes Collateral Agent, including a security agreement and a pledge agreement, each dated as of November 6, 2020. The Notes and the guarantees are secured by: 
 a first-priority lien on all of Academy, Ltd. s and the Guarantors personal property that secure the Term Loan on a first-priority basis; and 
 a second-priority lien on Academy, Ltd. s and the Guarantors personal property consisting of accounts and all other rights to payment, inventory, tax refunds, cash, deposit accounts, securities and commodities accounts, and documents and supporting obligations, securing the ABL Facility on a first-priority basis and the Term Loan on a second-priority basis (the "ABL Priority Collateral"). 
 
 Covenants. The ABL Facility, Term Loan and Notes agreements contain covenants, including, among other things, covenants that may restrict Academy, Ltd.'s ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, engage in mergers or consolidations, pay dividends, make other restricted payments, make loans or advances, engage in transactions with affiliates or amend material documents. Additionally, at certain times, the ABL Facility is subject to a minimum adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio. These covenants are subject to certain qualifications and limitations. We were in compliance with these covenants as of January 28, 2023. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 

5. 
 
 million of swap notional principal amount was no longer probable of occurring over the remaining term of the interest rate swaps as a result of the Company's Refinancing Transactions. As a result, we reclassified approximately million of losses from accumulated other comprehensive loss ("AOCI") to other (income) expense, net in the third quarter of 2020 related to the portion of the forecasted transaction no longer considered probable of occurring. On January 19, 2021, we settled our remaining outstanding interest rate swaps in full, which were scheduled to expire on various dates during 2021, for million. As of January 28, 2023, we do not have any derivative financial instruments outstanding. 
 
 For derivatives previously designated as hedging instruments, amounts included in AOCI were reclassified to interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transaction affected earnings, which is as interest expense was recorded on the underlying Term Loan. 

87 

) ) Loss deferred into AOCI (net of tax impact of , , and for the years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021, respectively) 
 ) Increase to interest expense (net of tax benefit (expense) of , and ) for the years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021, respectively) 
 Loss on swaps from debt refinancing in other (income) expense, net (net of tax benefit of , , and for the years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021, respectively) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, ending ) 

6. 
 
 million and million as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. 
 The fair value of the Term Loan and Notes is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on quoted market prices for the instrument in an inactive market and is therefore classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the estimated fair value of the Term Loan and Notes was billion and billion, respectively. As borrowings on the ABL Facility are generally repaid in less than 12 months, we believe that fair value approximates the carrying value. 

88 

7. 
 
 Equipment and software Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Land Total property and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

8. 
 
 Accrued personnel costs Accrued professional fees Accrued sales and use tax Accrued self-insurance Deferred revenue - gift cards and other Income taxes payable Property taxes Sales return allowance Other Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

9. 
 shares of common stock for issuance. Concurrent with the adoption of the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the NAHC 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (the "2011 Unit Incentive Plan") was frozen and no further issuances will be permitted as part of the 2011 Unit Incentive Plan. As of January 28, 2023, there were shares that were authorized and available for grant under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 On September 29, 2020, the ASO, Inc. Board of Directors adopted the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"), which became effective on October 1, 2020. We have reserved a total of shares and as of January 28, 2023, there were shares authorized and available for future issuance under the ESPP. 

89 

(2) 
 (3) 
 Total related tax benefit 
 (1) These costs are included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 (2) These costs include approximately million in non-cash expenses related to the 2021 Vesting Event, which occurred during the 2021 second quarter. 
 (3) These costs include approximately million of equity compensation expense associated with the expensing of certain outstanding restricted stock units as a result of the liquidity condition being achieved upon completion of our IPO. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, unrecognized compensation cost related to Unit Options and Restricted Units of million is expected to be recognized over a weighted average life of years. The grant date fair value of Restricted Units vested was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2011 Unit Incentive Plan 
 The 2011 Unit Incentive Plan provides for the grant of certain equity incentive awards (each, an "Award"), such as options to purchase ASO, Inc. common stock (each, a "Unit Option") and restricted units that may settle in ASO, Inc. common stock (each, a "Restricted Unit") to our directors, executives, and eligible employees of the Company. 
 Unit Options granted under the 2011 Unit Incentive Plan consist of Unit Options that vest upon the satisfaction of time-based requirements (each, a "Service Unit Option") and Unit Options that vest upon the satisfaction of both time-based requirements and Company performance-based requirements (each, a "Performance Unit Option"). 
 Restricted Units granted under the 2011 Unit Incentive Plan consist of Restricted Units that vest upon the satisfaction of time-based requirements (each, a "Service Restricted Unit") and Restricted Units that vest upon the satisfaction of a liquidity event-based requirement together with a time-based requirement and/or a performance-based requirement (each, a "Liquidity Event Restricted Unit"). In each case, vesting of the Company s outstanding and unvested Unit Options and Restricted Units is contingent upon the holder s continued service through the date of each applicable vesting event. 
 Concurrent with the adoption of the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan on October 1, 2020, no further Awards are authorized to be granted under the 2011 Unit Incentive Plan. 
 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 The 2020 Omnibus Incentive plan provides for the grant of Awards such as options to purchase ASO, Inc. common stock (each, a "Stock Option") and restricted stock units which may settle in ASO, Inc. common stock (each, a "Restricted Stock Unit") to our directors, executives, and eligible employees of the Company. 
 Stock Options granted under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan consist of Stock Options that vest upon the satisfaction of time-based requirements (each, a "Service Stock Option" and Service Unit Options and Service Stock Options together are "Service Options"). 
 Restricted Stock Units granted under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan consist of Restricted Stock Units that vest upon the satisfaction of time-based requirements (each, a "Service Restricted Stock Unit") and Restricted Stock Units that vest upon the satisfaction of a time-based requirement and performance-based and/or market-based requirements (each, a "Performance Restricted Stock Unit"). In each case, vesting of the Company s outstanding and unvested Stock Options and Restricted Stock Units is contingent upon the holder s continued service through the date of each applicable vesting event. 
 ESPP 
 Our ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute up to of their eligible earnings toward the semi-annual purchase of the Company's shares of common stock at a discount of of the closing stock price on the first or last day of the offering period, whichever is lower. 

90 

shares of common stock, (2) of the total number of all classes of the company's common stock outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (3) a lower number of shares determined by the ASO, Inc. Board of Directors. 
 Distribution 
 On August 28, 2020, NAHC paid a million, or per unit (or as converted using the Contribution Ratio), distribution to its members of record as of August 25, 2020. Cash on hand was used to fund million of the distribution, with the remainder distributed through an offset of outstanding loans receivable from one member and state income tax withholding made on behalf of NAHC's members. Holders of the outstanding granted equity Awards were entitled to receive value equal to per Award (or as converted using the Contribution Ratio), which was made in the form of cash payments, additional Restricted Unit grants or Unit Option exercise price adjustments. Cash payments due for unvested Awards were paid upon vesting of such Awards. In accordance with the terms of the 2011 Unit Incentive Plan, the Company made the following adjustments to each outstanding Award (per unit components, shares and exercise prices shown above and below are converted using the Contribution Ratio as described in the Retrospective Presentation of Ownership Exchange in Note 2): 
 Exercise price reductions of for Unit Options (or for Stock Options, as converted); 
 Exercise price reductions of for Unit Options (or for Stock Options, as converted); 
 Additional Restricted Unit grants of units (or Liquidity Event Restricted Units, as converted); and 
 Cash payments for vested Unit Options and vested Restricted Units ("Share-Based Award Payments") of million were paid in-full as of July 31, 2021. No further Share-Based Award Payments relative to the distribution are payable as of January 29, 2022. 
 These exercise price adjustments did not increase the value of the Unit Options and no related additional equity compensation expense was incurred. 
 Service Option Fair Value Assumptions 
 The fair value for Service Options granted was estimated using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The expected lives of the Service Options granted were based on the "SEC simplified" method. Expected price volatility was determined based on the implied volatilities of comparable companies over a historical period that matches the expected life of the Unit Options. The risk-free interest rate was based on the expected U.S. Treasury rate over the expected life. In 2022, the dividend yield was based on the most recent annualized quarterly dividend and the valuation date closing stock price. In 2021 and 2020, the dividend yield was based on the expectation that no dividends will be paid. The assumptions used to calculate the fair value of Unit Options granted are evaluated and modified, as necessary, to reflect current market conditions and experience. 
 Expected volatility to 
 to 
 to 
 Weighted-average volatility Risk-free interest rate to 
 to 
 to 
 Dividend yield Weighted-average grant date fair value - Service Options 
 (1) See Retrospective Presentation of Ownership Exchange in Note 2. 

91 

period, on each anniversary of their grant date. In the event of certain Company change of control transactions, the Company s then-outstanding and unvested Service Options will become fully vested and exercisable. 
 There have been no Performance Options granted under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan to date. Prior to the 2021 Vesting Event, the Company s outstanding Performance Options typically vested ratably over a period, after the conclusion of each fiscal year and upon our board of managers determination that the Company had achieved certain pre-determined annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") targets for such fiscal year. 
 
 Granted or modified Canceled or modified ) Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding as of January 30, 2021 Granted or modified Canceled or modified ) Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding as of January 29, 2022 Granted or modified Canceled or modified ) Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding as of January 28, 2023 (3) 
 Exercisable as of January 28, 2023 
 (1) The fair value of a membership unit (2) / share price as of each period end was , , and for the fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) See Retrospective Presentation of Ownership Exchange in Note 2. 
 (3) The Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur. Therefore, the number of awards vested and expected to vest is equal to the awards outstanding. 

92 

Granted or modified Canceled or modified ) Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding as of January 30, 2021 Granted or modified Canceled or modified Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding as of January 29, 2022 Granted or modified Canceled or modified Forfeited Exercised ) Outstanding as of January 28, 2023 (3) 
 Exercisable as of January 28, 2023 
 (1) The fair value of a membership unit (2) / share price as of each period end was , , and for the fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) See Retrospective Presentation of Ownership Exchange in Note 2. 
 (3) The Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur. Therefore, the number of awards vested and expected to vest is equal to the awards outstanding. 
 The total income tax benefit recognized from the exercise of stock options was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Unit Activity 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Non-vested as of January 30, 2021 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Non-vested as of January 29, 2022 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Non-vested as of January 28, 2023 
 (1) See Retrospective Presentation of Ownership Exchange in Note 2. 

93 

on the first anniversary of the grant date, or, if earlier, the business day immediately preceding the following annual meeting of stockholders, or (ii) over a period at rates of , , and on the anniversary of their grant date. In the event of certain Company change of control transactions, the Company s then-outstanding and unvested Service Restricted Units will become fully vested. 
 The Company s outstanding and unvested Liquidity Event Restricted Units began being expensed on October 6, 2020, concurrent with the completion of the IPO and the performance objective was met in accordance with ASC 718. Additionally, in connection with the completion of the IPO, the Company issued performance restricted units to key team members which will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and on the second anniversary of the grant date. 
 The Company s outstanding and unvested Performance Restricted Units typically vest either (i) over a period at rates of , , and per anniversary of the Performance Restricted Unit holder s vesting commencement date, so long as the Company achieves (a) the performance metric for the grant year, (b) achieves a stated target share price, or (c) a change of control occurring during the grant year, or (ii) immediately at a rate of , upon the completion of certain Company change of control transactions, so long as during the period following such change of control the unit holder's service is terminated without cause or they submit their resignation for good reason, as defined in the award agreement. 

10. 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic (1) 
 Dilutive effect of Service Restricted Units and Service Restricted Stock Units (1) 
 Dilutive effect of Performance Restricted Stock Units and Liquidity Event Restricted Units (1) 
 Dilutive effect of Service Options (1) 
 Dilutive effect of Performance Unit Options (1) 
 Dilutive effect of ESPP Shares Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted (1) 
 Earnings per common share - basic Earnings per common share - diluted Anti-dilutive stock-based awards excluded from diluted calculation (1) 
 
 (1) See Retrospective Presentation of Ownership Exchange in Note 2 

94 

11. 
 million, which consisted of the Company s difference between the Company's financial statement carrying value and the outside tax basis in its NAHC membership units, immediately following the completion of the Reorganization Transactions, measured at the enacted federal and state income tax rates. Additionally, million in current tax liability was assumed by the Company as part of the Reorganization Transactions. The combined entry was recorded as a cumulative adjustment to additional paid-in capital for 2020 equal to million, as reflected in the statement of stockholders' equity. 
 Effective January 31, 2021, NAHC discontinued partnership treatment for tax purposes. As a result, our deferred tax liability was no longer measured by reference to membership units in NAHC and instead was measured by reference to the underlying assets and liabilities of our operations. No change in the total reported deferred tax liability occurred as a result of the change in tax structure. 
 
 State Foreign Total current expense Deferred expense (benefit): Federal State Foreign ) Total deferred expense Income tax expense 
 
 State income tax, net of federal benefit Effect of pre-IPO pass-through income allocated to our members ) Nondeductible excess compensation Excess tax benefit for share-based compensation ) ) Effect of other permanent items ) ) Effective income tax rate 

95 

Accrued liabilities and reserves Equity compensation Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Inventory ) ) Prepaid items ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 Management evaluates the realizability of the deferred tax assets and the need for additional valuation allowances annually. As of January 28, 2023, based on current facts and circumstances, management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize benefit for its gross deferred tax assets. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, we had unrecognized tax benefits and we do not anticipate that unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease over the next twelve months. The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return and files tax returns in various state and local jurisdictions. The statute of limitations is open for federal and state tax audits for the tax fiscal years ending 2020 through 2022, and 2019 through 2022, respectively. 

12. 
 
 or more. We regularly extend options for our building leases, which constitutes a lease modification and such events require a re-measurement of the lease liability at current discount rates. The life of leasehold improvement assets are limited by the expected lease term. Additionally, we have certain agreements for equipment rentals, which are typically 12 months or less in duration. As of January 28, 2023, all of our leases are classified as operating leases. 
 
 In addition, in certain situations, we may sublease real estate to third parties. Our sublease portfolio consists mainly of former store locations for which we are still under lease and existing store leases in which we have excess or unused space. 

96 

million in lease expense credit related to landlord abated rent as a result of the elections made under this guidance. Additionally, during the year ended January 30, 2021, the Company signed lease extensions requiring lease modification accounting treatment. There were lease expense credits or extensions requiring lease modification accounting treatment related to COVID-19 during the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Sublease income ) ) ) Net lease expense 
 
 Information about our operating leases is as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Weighted-average remaining lease term in years Weighted-average incremental borrowing rate 
 
 As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate of interest, we use our incremental borrowing rate, which is based on the market lending rates for companies with comparable credit ratings, to determine the present value of lease payments on lease commencement or remeasurement. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease payments (1) 
 Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 (1) Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by sublease rentals of million due in the future under non-cancelable subleases. 

97 

13. 
 annually on each anniversary of the Effective Date. The Adviser also charged us a customary fee for services rendered in connection with securing, structuring and negotiating equity and debt financings by us. Additionally, we were required to reimburse the Adviser for any out-of-pocket expenses in connection with these services. The Monitoring Agreement continued in effect from year-to-year, unless amended or terminated by the Adviser and us. 
 Upon the completion of the IPO, in the third quarter of 2020 the Monitoring Agreement terminated, and we recognized the final termination fee of million. The termination fee was equal to the net present value of the advisory fees that would have been paid from the termination date through the twelfth anniversary of the Effective Date of the Monitoring Agreement. We recognized advisory fees related to the Monitoring Agreement, including reimbursement of expenses, of approximately million in 2020. These expenses are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Transaction and Other Fee Arrangements 
 On October 6, 2020, ASO, Inc. completed the IPO. The Company paid million in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC ("KCM"), an affiliate of KKR, for underwriting services in connection with the IPO. 
 
 On November 3, 2020, ASO, Inc. completed the IPO Over-Allotment Exercise. The Company paid million in fees to KCM for underwriting services in connection with the IPO Over-Allotment Exercise. 
 
 On November 6, 2020, the Company issued the Notes, entered into the 2020 Term Loan, and entered into the 2020 ABL Facility. The Company paid million in fees to KCM in connection with the Refinancing Transactions. These fees are recorded as deferred loan costs, net of amortization, within the long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Other Related Party Transactions 
 
 On January 27, 2021, May 5, 2021, and September 14, 2021, in connection with the Secondary Offering, the May 2021 Secondary Offering, and the September 2021 Secondary Offering, respectively, the Company entered into Underwriting Agreements with affiliates of KKR (as selling stockholders), the several other selling stockholders named therein, and the several underwriters named therein, including KCM (as underwriter). The Secondary Offering, May 2021 Secondary Offering, and September 2021 Secondary Offering were completed on February 1, 2021, May 10, 2021, and September 17, 2021, respectively. The Company did not pay KCM any fees in connection with these secondary offerings. 
 In connection with the May 2021 Secondary Offering, we repurchased from the underwriters shares of ASO, Inc. common stock at per share for approximately million. In connection with the September 2021 Secondary Offering, we repurchased from the underwriters shares of ASO, Inc. common stock at approximately for approximately million. The shares repurchased in both the May 2021 Secondary Offering and the September 2021 Secondary Offering were immediately retired by the Company (see Note 1 and Note 2). 
 Additionally, KKR has ownership interest in a broad range of portfolio companies and we may have entered into commercial transactions for goods or services in the ordinary course of business with these companies. We do not believe such transactions are material to our business. Upon completion of the September 2021 Secondary Offering, KKR no longer holds an ownership interest in the Company. 
 Investments in Managers 
 During the year ended January 30, 2021, Managers repurchased at fair market value approximately thousand of Redeemable Membership Units from a director of the Company for cash. NAHC concurrently repurchased from Managers for cash, at fair market value, a number of NAHC membership units equal to the number of Redeemable Membership Units repurchased from the director. 
 Managers was dissolved and its assets were distributed to its members on December 23, 2020. 

98 

million with a note receivable issued to a member of NAHC. The note receivable bore semi-annual compounding interest at with outstanding principal and interest due on April 10, 2022. This note receivable was recorded in other non-current assets on the balance sheet. 
 On April 5, 2018, the Company loaned million with a note receivable issued to a member of NAHC. The note receivable bore semi-annual compounding interest at , with outstanding principal and interest due on April 5, 2021, and was recorded in prepaid expenses and other non-current assets on the balance sheet. 
 On August 28, 2020, the Company made a distribution to its members of record as of August 25, 2020, of million (see Note 9). Of the million, million was used to offset and satisfy the remaining balances of the notes receivable and related interest receivable from a member of NAHC. 

14. 
 
 million. Of such commitments, approximately million is payable in the next 12 months. 
 
 Financial Guarantees 
 
 During the normal course of business, we enter into contracts that contain a variety of representations and warranties and provide general indemnifications. The maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown as this would involve future claims that may be made against us that have not yet occurred. However, based on experience, we believe the risk of loss to be remote. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are a defendant or co-defendant in lawsuits, claims and demands brought by various parties relating to matters normally incident to our business. No individual case, or group of cases presenting substantially similar issues of law or fact, is expected to have a material effect on the manner in which we conduct our business or on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity. The majority of these cases are alleging product, premises, employment and/or commercial liability. Reserves have been established that we believe to be adequate based on our current evaluations and experience in these types of claim situations. However, the ultimate outcome of these cases cannot be determined at this time. We believe, taking into consideration our indemnities, insurance and reserves, the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Sponsorship Agreement and Intellectual Property Commitments 
 
 We periodically enter into sponsorship agreements generally with professional sports teams, associations, events, networks or individual professional players and collegiate athletic programs in exchange for marketing and advertising promotions. We also enter into intellectual property agreements whereby the Company receives the right to use third-party owned trademarks typically in exchange for royalties on sales. These agreements typically contain a one to term and contractual payment amounts required to be paid by the Company. As of January 28, 2023, we have million in related commitments through 2027, of which million is payable in next 12 months. 

99 

15. 
 
 of their eligible compensation on a pretax basis to the 401(k) Plan, subject to Internal Revenue Service limitations. We match of the money contributed by a plan participant to the 401(k) Plan each pay period, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, up to of a plan participant s eligible compensation during such pay period. Annual Company profit sharing contributions are made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to certain limitations. The 401(k) Plan may be amended or terminated at our discretion. Employer contributions related to the 401(k) Plan totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

16. 
 
 Gross margin Operating income Net income Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 2021: Net sales Gross margin Operating income Loss on early retirement of debt Net income Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 

100 

17. 
 
 per share on the Company's common stock, payable on April 13, 2023 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 23, 2023. 

Item 16. Form 10 K Summary 
 
 None. 

101 

Index to Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2020). 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 6, 2022). 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of November 6, 2020, by and among Academy, Ltd., as issuer, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and notes collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2020). 4.2 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 10.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, among Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, New Academy Holding Company, LLC, as Holdings, Associated Investors L.L.C. and Academy Managing Co., L.L.C., as Texas Intermediate Holdcos, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as the administrative agent and collateral agent and the several other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2020). 10.2 
 Amendment No. 4, dated May 25, 2021, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as the administrative agent and collateral agent, the several lenders party thereto and the several other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 25, 2021). 10.3 
 Amended and Restated Term Loan Security Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2015, among Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, each of the subsidiaries listed on the signature pages thereto, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as collateral agent for the benefit of the secured parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.4 
 Amended and Restated Term Loan Pledge Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2015, among New Academy Holding Company, LLC, as Holdings, Associated Investors L.L.C. and Academy Managing Co., L.L.C, as Texas Intermediate Holdcos, Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, each of the subsidiaries listed on the signature pages thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as collateral agent for the benefit of the secured parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.5 
 ABL Intercreditor Agreement, dated July 2, 2015, among JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as agent for the ABL Secured Parties referred to therein, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Term Loan Secured Parties referred to therein, New Academy Holding Company, LLC, as Holdings, Associated Investors L.L.C. and Academy Managing Co., L.L.C, as Texas Intermediate Holdcos, Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, and each of the subsidiaries of the Borrower listed on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.6 
 Joinder to ABL Intercreditor Agreement, dated November 6, 2020, among JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as agent for the ABL Secured Parties referred to therein, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as agent for the Term Loan Secured Parties referred to therein, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as collateral agent for the Additional Debt Secured Parties referred to therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2021). 10.7 
 Joinder to ABL Intercreditor Agreement, dated November 6, 2020, among JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as agent for the ABL Secured Parties referred to therein, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as agent for the Term Loan Secured Parties referred to therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2021). 10.8 
 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, dated November 6, 2020, among Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as First Lien Collateral Agent and Authorized Representative for the Credit Agreement Secured Parties referred to therein, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2021). 

102 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.9 
 First Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement, dated July 2, 2015, among Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, New Academy Holding Company, LLC, as Holdings, Associated Investors L.L.C. and Academy Managing Co., L.L.C, as Texas Intermediate Holdcos, the lending institutions from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Swingline Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.10 
 Amendment No. 1 to First Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2018, among Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, New Academy Holding Company, LLC, as Holdings, Associated Investors L.L.C. and Academy Managing Co., L.L.C, as Texas Intermediate Holdcos, each of the Guarantors party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Swingline Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.11 
 Amendment No. 2 to First Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, among Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, New Academy Holding Company, LLC, as Holdings, Associated Investors, L.L.C. and Academy Managing Co., L.L.C., as Texas Intermediate Holdcos, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the letter of credit issuer, administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2020). 10.12 
 Amended and Restated ABL Security Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2015, among Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, each of the subsidiaries listed on the signature pages thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as collateral agent for the benefit of the secured parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.13 
 Amended and Restated ABL Pledge Agreement, dated July 2, 2015, among New Academy Holding Company, LLC, as Holdings, Associated Investors L.L.C. and Academy Managing Co., L.L.C, as Texas Intermediate Holdcos, Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, each of the subsidiaries listed on the signature pages thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as collateral agent for the benefit of the secured parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.14 
 Notes Security Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, among Academy, Ltd., as Issuer, each of the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as collateral agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties referred to therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2021). 10.15 
 Notes Pledge Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, among Academy, Ltd., as Issuer, each of the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as collateral agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties referred to therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2021). 10.16 
 Amendment to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2020, by and among the Registrant, Allstar LLC and New Academy Holding Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2020). 10.17 
 Form of 2022 Non-Employee Director Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 7, 2022). 10.18 
 Form of 2022 CEO Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 7, 2022). 10.19 
 Form of 2022 CEO Time-Based Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 7, 2022). 10.20 
 Form of 2022 Executive Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 7, 2022). 10.21 
 Form of 2022 Executive Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 7, 2022). 10.22 
 Form of 2022 Executive Time-Based Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 7, 2022). 10.23 
 Form of 2021 RSU Executive Retention Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on From 10-Q filed on December 10, 2021). 

103 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.24 
 2021 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 7, 2021). 10.25 
 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 10, 2020). 10.26 
 Form of Time-Based Option Agreement under 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.27 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.28 
 2020 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.29 
 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.30 
 Form of 2020 CEO Option Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.31 
 Form of 2020 Executive Option Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.32 
 Form of 2019 CEO Option Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.33 
 Form of 2019 Executive Option Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.34 
 Form of 2018 CEO Option Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.35 
 Form of 2018 Executive Option Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.36 
 Form of 2018 Non Executive Option Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 7, 2021). 10.37 
 Form of 2017 Executive Option Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.38 
 Form of 2016 Executive Option Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.39 
 Form of August 2020 Restricted Unit Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.40 
 Form of 2020 CEO Restricted Unit Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.41 
 Form of 2020 Executive Restricted Unit Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.42 
 Form of 2019 Executive Restricted Unit Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.43 
 Form of 2018 CEO Restricted Unit Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (as amended) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 

104 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.44 
 Form of Independent Non-Employee Director Restricted Unit Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.45 
 Form of 2018 Executive Restricted Unit Agreement under 2011 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.46 
 Ken C. Hicks Employment Agreement, dated August 2, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.47 
 Michael P. Mullican Employment Agreement, dated January 6, 2017 and amended on December 21, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.48 
 Steven (Steve) P. Lawrence Employment Agreement, dated January 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.49 
 Samuel (Sam) J. Johnson Employment Agreement, dated April 17, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.50 
 Jamey Traywick Rutherford Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 7, 2021). 10.51 
 Manish Maini Employment Agreement, dated May 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 7, 2022). 10.52 
 Form of 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.53 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2020, by and among the Registrant, Allstar LLC, KKR 2006 Allstar Blocker L.P. and Allstar Co-Invest Blocker L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2020). 10.54 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020). 10.55 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 7, 2022). 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP (with respect to the financial statements of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc.). 31.1 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page for the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 Filed herewith 

105 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit This certification accompanies each report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this Annual Report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

106 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on March 16, 2023 on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. 
 
 ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 By: /s/ HEATHER A. DAVIS Heather A. Davis Senior Vice President of Accounting, Treasury and Tax (principal accounting officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ KEN C. HICKS Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2023 Ken C. Hicks (principal executive officer) /s/ MICHAEL P. MULLICAN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 16, 2023 Michael P. Mullican (principal financial officer) /s/ HEATHER A. DAVIS Senior Vice President of Accounting, Treasury and Tax March 16, 2023 Heather A. Davis (principal accounting officer) /s/ WENDY A. BECK Director March 16, 2023 Wendy A. Beck /s/ BRIAN T. MARLEY Director March 16, 2023 Brian T. Marley /s/ TOM M. NEALON Director March 16, 2023 Tom M. Nealon /s/ THERESA E. PALERMO Director March 16, 2023 Theresa E. Palermo /s/ BERYL B. RAFF Director March 16, 2023 Beryl B. Raff /s/ CHRIS L. TURNER Director March 16, 2023 Chris L. Turner /s/ SHAREN J. TURNEY Director March 16, 2023 Sharen J. Turney /s/ JEFF C. TWEEDY Director March 16, 2023 Jeff C. Tweedy 

107 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 SCHEDULE II 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 (in thousands) 
 ) (1) Sales return allowance (2) ) (2) Inventory shrink adjustments ) (3) Self-insurance reserves ) (4) January 29, 2022: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) (1) Sales return allowance (2) ) (2) Inventory shrink adjustments ) (3) Self-insurance reserves ) (4) January 30, 2021: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) (5) ) (1) Sales return allowance (2) ) (2) Inventory shrink adjustments ) (3) Self-insurance reserves ) (4) 
 (1) Represents write-offs to the reserve. 
 (2) Represents the monthly increase (decrease) in the required reserve based on the Company's evaluation of anticipated merchandise returns. 
 (3) Represents the actual inventory shrinkage experienced at the time of physical inventories. 
 (4) Represents claim payments for self-insured claims. 
 (5) The reduction represents net collections on previously written-off balances. 

108 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 exhibit42-descriptionofthe.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 
 Exhibit 4.2 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 
 Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. Academy, we, us, our, or the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended our common stock. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 The following summary description of the material terms of our capital stock is qualified in its entirety by our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (as amended and or restated from time to time, our Bylaws ). The summary is not complete, and is qualified in their entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, each as in effect as of the date of this Annual Report, copies of which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report and are incorporated by reference herein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company is deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL for additional information. 
 Authorized Shares of Capital Stock 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 300 million shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 50 million shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. The holders of our common stock vote to elect our directors by a plurality of the votes cast. On all other matters other than those specified in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, where a 66 2 3 vote of the then outstanding shares of our common stock is required, the affirmative vote of a majority in voting power of shares present at a meeting of the holders of our common stock is required. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor, subject to any statutory or contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and to any restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 The DGCL permits a corporation to declare and pay dividends out of surplus or, if there is no surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and or the preceding fiscal year. Surplus is defined as the excess of the net assets of the corporation over the amount determined to be the capital of the corporation by the board of directors. The capital of the corporation is typically calculated to be (and cannot be less than) the aggregate par value of all issued shares of capital stock. Net assets equal the fair value of the total assets minus total liabilities. The DGCL also provides that dividends may not be paid out of net profits if, after the payment of the dividend, capital is less than the capital represented by the outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. 
 Declaration and payment of any dividend will be subject to the discretion of our board of directors. The time and amount of dividends will be dependent upon our financial condition, operations, cash requirements and availability, debt repayment obligations, capital expenditure needs and restrictions in our debt instruments, industry trends, the provisions of Delaware law affecting the payment of dividends to stockholders and any other factors our board of directors may consider relevant. 

Rights upon Liquidation 
 Upon our dissolution or liquidation or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to receive our remaining assets available for distribution. 
 No Preemptive, Subscription, or Conversion Rights No Redemption or Sinking Fund Provisions 
 Holders of shares of our common stock do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol ASO. 
 Preferred Stock 
 We do not currently have any preferred stock outstanding. However, our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our board of directors to establish one or more series of preferred stock (including convertible preferred stock). Unless required by law or by Nasdaq, the authorized shares of preferred stock are available for issuance without further action by you. Our board of directors is able to determine, with respect to any series of preferred stock, the terms and rights of that series, including 
 
 1) the designation of the series 
 2) the number of shares of the series, which our board of directors may, except where otherwise provided in the preferred stock designation, increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below the number of shares then outstanding) 
 3) whether dividends, if any, will be cumulative or non-cumulative and the dividend rate of the series 
 4) the dates at which dividends, if any, will be payable 
 5) the redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the series 
 6) the terms and amounts of any sinking fund provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series 
 7) the amounts payable on shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company 
 8) whether the shares of the series will be convertible into shares of any other class or series, or any other security, of the Company or any other corporation and, if so, the specification of the other class or series or other security, the conversion price or prices or rate or rates, any rate adjustments, the date or dates as of which the shares will be convertible and all other terms and conditions upon which the conversion may be made 
 9) restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same series or of any other class or series and 
 10) the voting rights, if any, of the holders of the series. 
 We could issue a series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of the series, impede or discourage an acquisition attempt or other transaction that some, or a majority, of the holders of our common stock might believe to be in their best interests or in which the holders of our common stock might receive a premium for their common stock over the market price of the common stock. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the holders of our common stock by restricting dividends on the common stock, diluting the voting 
 1016799 

power of the common stock or subordinating the liquidation rights of the common stock. As a result of these or other factors, the issuance of preferred stock may have an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Certificate of Incorporation and Our Bylaws and Certain Provisions of Delaware Law and Provisions that May Impact a Change of Control 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the DGCL, which are summarized in the following paragraphs, contain provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our board of directors. These provisions are intended to avoid costly takeover battles, reduce our vulnerability to a hostile change of control and enhance the ability of our board of directors to maximize stockholder value in connection with any unsolicited offer to acquire us. However, these provisions may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of the Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or other takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider is in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price for the shares of common stock held by stockholders. 
 
 Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock 
 Delaware law does not require stockholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements of Nasdaq, which would apply if and so long as our common stock remains listed on Nasdaq, require stockholder approval of certain issuances equal to or exceeding 20 of the then-outstanding voting power or then-outstanding number of shares of common stock. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital or to facilitate acquisitions. 
 Our board of directors may issue shares of preferred stock on terms calculated to discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of the Company or the removal of our management. Moreover, our authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock will be available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions or employee benefit plans. 
 One of the effects of the existence of unissued and unreserved common stock or preferred stock may be to enable our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management and possibly deprive our stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares of common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that our board of directors be divided into three classes of directors, with the classes to be as nearly equal in number as possible, and with the directors serving three-year terms. As a result, approximately one-third of our board of directors is elected each year. The classification of directors has the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our board of directors. Our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws provide that, subject to any rights of holders of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the number of directors will be fixed from time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by the board of directors. 
 Business Combinations 
 We have opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL however, our Certificate of Incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 
 prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 1016799 

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares or 
 at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that person s affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of our voting stock. For purposes of this section only, voting stock has the meaning given to it in Section 203 of the DGCL. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, this provision makes it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring the Company to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if our board of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board of directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that any investment entities owned by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., (collectively, the KKR Stockholders and their affiliates and any of their respective direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party do not constitute interested stockholders for purposes of this provision. 
 Removal of Directors Vacancies 
 Under the DGCL, unless otherwise provided in our Certificate of Incorporation, directors serving on a classified board may be removed by the stockholders only for cause. Our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws provide that directors may be removed with or without cause upon the affirmative vote of a majority in voting power of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class provided , however , at any time when KKR Stockholders and their affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 40 of the voting power of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, directors may only be removed for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws also provide that, subject to the rights granted to one or more series of preferred stock then outstanding or the rights granted to KKR Stockholders under the stockholders agreement, any vacancies on our board of directors will be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even if less than a quorum, by a sole remaining director or by the stockholders provided , however , at any time when KKR Stockholders and their affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 40 of the voting power of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, any newly created directorship on the board of directors that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy occurring on the board of directors may only be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by the stockholders). 
 No Cumulative Voting 
 Under Delaware law, the right to vote cumulatively does not exist unless the certificate of incorporation specifically authorizes cumulative voting. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not authorize cumulative voting. Therefore, stockholders holding a majority in voting power of the shares of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors are able to elect all our directors. 
 1016799 

Special Stockholder Meetings 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that special meetings of our stockholders may be called at any time only by or at the direction of our board of directors or the chairman of the board of directors provided , however , that KKR Stockholders and their affiliates are permitted to call special meetings of our stockholders for so long as they hold, in the aggregate, at least 40 of the voting power of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. Our Bylaws prohibit the conduct of any business at a special meeting other than as specified in the notice for such meeting. These provisions may have the effect of deferring, delaying or discouraging hostile takeovers, or changes in control or management of the Company. 
 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Director Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 Our Bylaws establishes advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee of our board of directors. In order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting, a stockholder has to comply with advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Generally, to be timely, a stockholder s notice must be received at our principal executive offices no later than the close of business on the 90th day and not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Our Bylaws also specifies requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice, including various information and representations related to stockholder proposed nominee(s) for election as a director, the stockholder giving the notice and beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made and certain of their proponent persons (as defined in the Bylaws). Our Bylaws allows the chairman of the meeting at a meeting of the stockholders to adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings which may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the rules and regulations are not followed and to disregard any nomination or proposal that is not submitted in compliance with our advance notice provisions. These provisions may defer, delay or discourage a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to influence or obtain control of the Company. 
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 Pursuant to Section 228 of the DGCL, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, unless our Certificate of Incorporation provides otherwise. Our Certificate of Incorporation precludes stockholder action by written consent once KKR Stockholders and their affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 40 of the voting power of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 
 Supermajority Provisions 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend, change, add to, rescind or repeal, in whole or in part, our Bylaws without a stockholder vote in any matter not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware or our Certificate of Incorporation. For as long as KKR Stockholders and their affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, at least 40 of the voting power of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, any amendment, alteration, change, addition, rescission or repeal of our Bylaws by our stockholders require the affirmative vote of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting of stockholders and entitled to vote on such amendment, alteration, change, addition, rescission or repeal. At any time when KKR Stockholders and their affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 40 of the voting power of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, any amendment, alteration, change, addition, rescission or repeal of our Bylaws by our stockholders require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 1016799 

The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation, unless the certificate of incorporation requires a greater percentage. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that once KKR Stockholders and their affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 40 of the voting power of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, the following provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation may be amended, altered, repealed or rescinded only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 in the voting power of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class 
 
 the provision requiring a 66 2 3 supermajority vote for stockholders to amend our Bylaws 
 
 the provisions providing for a classified board of directors (the election and term of our directors) 
 the provisions regarding resignation and removal of directors 
 the provisions regarding competition and corporate opportunities 
 the provisions regarding entering into business combinations with interested stockholders 
 the provisions regarding stockholder action by written consent 
 the provisions regarding calling special meetings of stockholders 
 the provisions regarding filling vacancies on our board of directors and newly created directorships 
 the provisions eliminating monetary damages for breaches of fiduciary duty by a director and 
 the amendment provision requiring that the above provisions be amended only with a 66 2 3 supermajority vote. 
 
 The combination of the classification of our board of directors, the lack of cumulative voting and the supermajority voting requirements makes it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Because our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. 
 These supermajority provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, delaying or preventing changes in control of our management or the Company, such as a merger, reorganization or tender offer. These supermajority provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and its policies and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition of the Company. These supermajority provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal. The supermajority provisions are also intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such supermajority provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, they also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Such supermajority provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in management. 
 Dissenters Rights of Appraisal and Payment 
 Under the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our stockholders have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or consolidation of us. Pursuant to the DGCL, stockholders who properly request and perfect appraisal rights in connection with such merger or consolidation have the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. 
 
 1016799 

Stockholders Derivative Actions 
 Under the DGCL, any of our stockholders may bring an action in our name to procure a judgment in our favor, also known as a derivative action, provided that the stockholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares at the time of the transaction to which the action relates or such stockholder s stock thereafter devolved by operation of law. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee or stockholder of the Company to the Company or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents, (iii) action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (iv) action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine provided that, the exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, which already provides that such claims must be brought exclusively in the federal courts. Our Certificate of Incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the U.S. federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any actions or proceedings asserting claims arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware Supreme Court has upheld the validity of similar provisions under the DGCL, there is uncertainty as to whether a court in another state would enforce such a forum selection provision. Our exclusive forum provision does not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company are deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation. 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 Delaware law permits corporations to adopt provisions renouncing any interest or expectancy in certain opportunities that are presented to the corporation or its officers, directors or stockholders. Our Certificate of Incorporation, to the maximum extent permitted from time to time by Delaware law, renounces any interest or expectancy that we have in, or right to be offered an opportunity to participate in, specified business opportunities that are from time to time presented to our officers, directors or stockholders or their respective affiliates, other than those officers, directors, stockholders or affiliates who are our or our subsidiaries employees. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any of KKR Stockholders or any of their affiliates or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his or her director and officer capacities) or his or her affiliates do not have any duty to refrain from (1) engaging in a corporate opportunity in the same or similar lines of business in which we or our affiliates now engage or propose to engage or (2) otherwise competing with us or our affiliates. In addition, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in the event that any of KKR Stockholders or any of their affiliates or any non-employee director acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for itself or himself or its or his affiliates or for us or our affiliates, such person has no duty to communicate or offer such transaction or business opportunity to us or any of our affiliates and they may take any such opportunity for themselves or offer it to another person or entity. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not renounce our interest in any business opportunity that is expressly offered to a non-employee director solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no business opportunity will be deemed to be a potential corporate opportunity for us unless we would be permitted to undertake the opportunity under our Certificate of Incorporation, we have sufficient financial resources to undertake the opportunity and the opportunity would be in line with our business. 
 1016799 

Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties, subject to certain 
 exceptions. Our Certificate of Incorporation includes a provision that eliminates the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL. The effect of these provisions is to eliminate the rights of us and our stockholders, through stockholders derivative suits on our behalf, to recover monetary damages from a director for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, including breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior. However, exculpation does not apply to any director if the director has acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized illegal dividends or redemptions or derived an improper benefit from his or her actions as a director. 
 Our Bylaws provides that we must generally indemnify, and advance expenses to, our directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL. We also are expressly authorized to carry directors and officers liability insurance providing indemnification for our directors, officers and certain employees for some liabilities. We have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors, which agreements require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. We believe that these indemnification and advancement provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and officers. 
 The limitation of liability, indemnification and advancement provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 There is currently no pending material litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which indemnification is sought. 

1016799 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211-fy2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 1 
 Subsidiaries of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. State or Country of Incorporation or Formation New Academy Holding Company, LLC Delaware Academy Managing Co., LLC Texas Associated Investors, LLC Texas Academy, Ltd. Texas Academy International Limited Hong Kong 1 Subsidiaries noted throughout this document may be direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-fy2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-249233 and Registration Statement No. 333-263944 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 16, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. and the effectiveness of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 28, 2023. 
 
 s Deloitte and Touche LLP Houston, Texas March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-fy2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Ken C. Hicks, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 (this Report of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KEN C. HICKS Date March 16, 2023 Ken C. Hicks Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312-fy2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Michael P. Mullican, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 (this Report of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s MICHAEL P. MULLICAN Date March 16, 2023 Michael P. Mullican Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-fy2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ken C. Hicks, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 
 s KEN C. HICKS Date March 16, 2023 Ken C. Hicks Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322-fy2022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael P. Mullican, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 
 s MICHAEL P. MULLICAN Date March 16, 2023 Michael P. Mullican Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 aso-20230128.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 aso-20230128_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 aso-20230128_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 aso-20230128_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 aso-20230128_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

