<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1742313_0001104659-23-032849.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12347908</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1293855</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4505246</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5864086</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-032849.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315164916
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-032849
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Monroe Capital Income Plus Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001742313
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01301
		FILM NUMBER:		23735893

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 6400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(312) 258-8300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 6400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-032849.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 tm231050d1_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 814-01301 

MONROE CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter) 

Maryland 
 83-0711022 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

311 South Wacker Drive, Suite 6400 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 60606 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Office) 
 (Zip Code) 

(312) 258-8300 

 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

As of June 30, 2022, there was no established
public market for the Registrant s common stock. 

As of March 14, 2023, the registrant had 74,533,202
shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Portions of the registrant s definitive
proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A relating to the registrant s
2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the
Company s fiscal year, are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as indicated herein. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 26 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 57 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 57 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 57 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 57 
 
 PART II 
 58 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 58 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 58 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 59 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 75 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 76 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 76 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 76 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 76 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 76 
 
 PART III 
 77 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 77 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 77 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 77 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 77 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 77 
 
 PART IV 
 77 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 77 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 79 
 
 Signatures 
 80 

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

Except as otherwise specified in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual
Report ), the terms: 

we, us, our and the Company refer to Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, a Maryland corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries; 

MC Advisors refers to Monroe Capital BDC Advisors, LLC, our investment adviser, a Delaware limited liability company and affiliate of Monroe Capital; 

MC Management refers to Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC, our administrator, a Delaware limited liability company and affiliate of Monroe Capital; and 

Monroe Capital refers to Monroe Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report contains statements that constitute
forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements
that are not historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Some of the statements in this Annual Report constitute forward-looking statements because they
relate to future events or our future performance or future financial condition. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts,
but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our company, our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions.
The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 

our future operating results; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the impact of global health epidemics, such as the current novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, on our or our portfolio companies business and the global economy; 

the impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on our portfolio companies and the global economy and general uncertainty surrounding the financial and political stability of the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and China; 

the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 

the impact of changes in London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR on our operating results; 

the impact of increased competition; 

the impact of rising interest and inflation rates and the risk of recession on our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the valuation of our investments in portfolio companies, particularly those having no liquid trading market; 

actual and potential conflicts of interest with MC Advisors, MC Management and other affiliates of Monroe Capital; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 

the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the ability of MC Advisors to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the ability of MC Advisors or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company and as a business development company; and 

the impact of future legislation and regulation on our business and our portfolio companies. 

We use words such as anticipates, 
 believes, expects, intends, seeks, plans, estimates, 
 targets and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking
statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 

Although we believe that the assumptions on which
these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the
forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions include our ability to originate
new loans and investments, certain margins and levels of profitability and the availability of additional capital. In light of these and
other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statements in this Annual Report should not be regarded as a representation
by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. 

We have based the forward-looking statements included
in this Annual Report on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update any such
forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may
make directly to you or through reports that we may file in the future with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

FORMATION OF OUR COMPANY 

We are a Maryland corporation formed on May 30,
2018. We are an externally managed closed-end, non-diversified specialty finance company organized to maximize the total return to our
stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through a variety of investments. On January 14, 2019, we elected
to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940
Act ). After our election to be regulated as a BDC, we elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), commencing with our taxable year ended December 31,
2019. We currently qualify and intend to qualify annually to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

We are an emerging growth company as defined in
the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act and we intend to take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), for complying with
new or revised accounting standards. 

On June 27, 2018, we issued and sold 100 shares
of common stock, par value 0.001, at an aggregate purchase price of 1 thousand 10.00 per share) to MC Management, an affiliate of
MC Advisors, our investment adviser. The sale of our common stock was approved by the unanimous consent of our Board of Directors (the
 Board at the time. 

We are conducting our second best efforts, continuous
private offering of our common stock to accredited investors in reliance on an exemption from the registration of the Securities
Act (the Second Private Offering ). At each closing, an investor will purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to a subscription
agreement entered into with us. At each closing, investors will be required to fund their full subscription to purchase shares of our
common stock. We commenced our loan origination and investment activities contemporaneously with the initial closing of an initial private
offering (the Initial Private Offering on January 15, 2019 (the Initial Closing Date ). On November 16, 2020,
we held the final closing of our Initial Private Offering. In connection with the Initial Private Offering, we issued 13,557,496 shares
of common stock to our investors for an aggregate purchase price of 133.1 million. In connection with the Second Private Offering, as
of December 31, 2022, we have issued 59,914,707 shares of common stock to our investors for an aggregate purchase price of 601.7 million. 

The following table summarizes the issuance of
shares of our common stock pursuant to the Initial Private Offering (in thousands except shares and per share data): 

Date 
 NAV Per Share 
 Shares Issued 
 Proceeds 
 
 Initial Private Offering: 

January 15, 2019 
 10.00 
 1,017,500 
 10,175 
 
 April 2, 2019 
 10.00 
 1,596,600 
 15,966 
 
 April 4, 2019 
 10.00 
 275,500 
 2,755 
 
 April 8, 2019 
 10.00 
 21,000 
 210 
 
 July 1, 2019 
 10.00 
 2,384,300 
 23,843 
 
 October 1, 2019 
 10.00 
 1,527,500 
 15,275 
 
 January 2, 2020 
 10.00 
 2,036,841 
 20,369 
 
 May 15, 2020 
 9.29 
 1,580,867 
 14,686 
 
 August 17, 2020 
 9.50 
 1,049,263 
 9,968 
 
 November 16, 2020 
 9.60 
 2,068,125 
 19,854 
 
 Total 
 
 13,557,496 
 133,101 

The following table summarizes the issuance of
shares of our common stock pursuant to the Second Private Offering (in thousands except shares and per share data): 

Date 
 NAV Per Share 
 Shares Issued 
 Proceeds 
 
 Second Private Offering: 

March 15, 2021 
 9.74 
 5,301,797 
 51,639 
 
 May 18, 2021 
 9.86 
 2,792,748 
 27,537 
 
 August 18, 2021 
 9.94 
 6,086,569 
 60,500 
 
 November 17, 2021 
 10.06 
 7,959,940 
 80,077 
 
 March 15, 2022 
 10.10 
 12,173,590 
 122,953 
 
 May 17, 2022 
 10.16 
 8,022,706 
 81,511 
 
 August 16, 2022 
 10.10 
 8,681,792 
 87,686 
 
 November 15, 2022 
 10.10 
 8,895,565 
 89,845 
 
 Total 
 
 59,914,707 
 601,748 

During 2022, we commenced a quarterly share repurchase
program in which we intend to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of the shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of the previous
calendar quarter (the Share Repurchase Program ), subject to the discretion of our Board. Any such repurchases are subject
to approval by our Board, in its discretion, and the availability of cash to fund such repurchases. Our Board may amend, suspend or terminate
the share repurchase program if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. 

The following table summarizes the total shares
repurchased that were validly tendered under the Share Repurchase Program and not withdrawn during the year ended December 31, 2022 (in
thousands except shares and per share data): 

Date 
 
 Price Per 
Share 

Shares 
Repurchased 

Total Cost 

For the year ended December 31, 2022: 

April 15, 2022 

10.10 

641,640 

6,480 

June 16, 2022 

10.16 

333,527 

3,389 

September 16, 2022 

10.10 

139,216 

1,406 

December 15, 2022 

10.10 

208,828 

2,110 

Total 

1,323,211 

13,385 

There were no shares repurchased prior to January
1, 2022. 

1 

OVERVIEW OF OUR BUSINESS 

We are a specialty finance company that is focused
on providing financing solutions primarily to lower middle-market companies in the United States and Canada. We seek to provide investors
with attractive risk-adjusted returns and downside protection associated with investing in asset-based and secured corporate private credit
opportunities in a manner that is decoupled from public markets volatility. We seek to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns
and downside protection by investing primarily in secured private credit transactions and assets, targeting investments that have significant
downside protection through a focus on asset coverage. We expect to invest primarily in: (i) senior secured and junior secured and unsecured
loans, notes, bonds, preferred equity (including preferred partnership equity), convertible debt and other securities; (ii) unitranche
secured loans (a combination of senior secured and junior secured debt in the same facility in which we syndicate a first out 
portion of the loan to an investor and retain a last out portion of the loan) and securities; (iii) asset-based loans and
securities; (iv) small business loans and leases; (v) structured debt and structured equity; (vi) syndicated loans; (vii) securitized
debt and subordinated notes of collateralized loan obligations CLO facilities, asset-backed securities and other securitized
products and warehouse loan facilities Securitized Products ); (viii) opportunities to acquire illiquid investments from
other third-party funds as a result of liquidity constraints resulting from investor redemptions and market dislocations; and (ix) capital
investments in the secondary markets. 

We do not limit our investments to any particular
industry or geographic area when investing in qualifying assets (as defined in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act), which are expected to constitute
at least 70 of our total assets. Subject to that requirement, we may also invest in issuers in the specialty finance, consumer finance,
litigation finance, and commercial and residential real estate finance areas, as well as in fund finance, secondary opportunities in pooled
investment funds managed by a third-party investment adviser and private equity or private debt fund-level financing backed by the residual
value of third-party private equity or private debt fund portfolio companies. We seek to take advantage of the supply and demand gap in
multiple segments of the private credit markets throughout an economic cycle. 

We use Monroe Capital s extensive leveraged
finance origination infrastructure and broad expertise in sourcing loans to invest in senior secured, unitranche secured and junior secured
debt of middle-market companies. Our investment size will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base. We believe that our
focus on lending to lower middle-market companies offers several advantages as compared to lending to larger companies, including more
attractive economics, lower leverage, more comprehensive and restrictive covenants, more expansive events of default, relatively small
debt facilities that provide us with enhanced influence over our borrowers, direct access to borrower management and improved information
flow. 

We expect that the companies in which we invest
may be leveraged, often as a result of leveraged buyouts or other recapitalization transactions, and, in certain cases, will not be rated
by national ratings agencies. If such companies were rated, we believe that they would typically receive a rating below investment grade
(between BB and CCC under the Standard Poor s system) from the national rating agencies. 

Since the commencement of operations, we have
grown the fair value of our portfolio of investments to approximately 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022. Our portfolio at December 31,
2022 consists of 152 different portfolio companies and holdings include senior secured loans, unitranche secured loans, junior secured
loans and equity investments. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio included approximately 85.1 senior secured loans, 8.7 unitranche
secured loans, 3.0 junior secured loans and 3.2 equity securities. As of December 31, 2022, we have borrowed 357.4 million under our
revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility ), 100.0 million under our term loan credit facility (the Term Loan and 306.0 million on our 2022 asset-backed securitization (the 2022 ABS ). 

OUR INVESTMENT ADVISOR 

Our investment activities are managed by our investment
advisor, MC Advisors, pursuant to an investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement ). MC Advisors is responsible
for sourcing potential investments, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments and their private equity sponsors,
analyzing investment opportunities, structuring our investments and managing our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis.
MC Advisors was organized in February 2011 and is registered with the SEC as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of
1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). 

Under our Investment Advisory Agreement with MC
Advisors, we pay MC Advisors a base management fee and an incentive fee for its services. While not expected to review or approve each
investment, our independent directors periodically review MC Advisors services and fees as well as its portfolio management decisions
and portfolio performance. In connection with these reviews, our Board, including the independent directors, consider whether our fees
and expenses (including those related to leverage) remain appropriate. 

MC Advisors seeks to capitalize on the significant
deal origination, credit underwriting, due diligence, investment structuring, execution, portfolio management and monitoring experience
of Monroe Capital s investment professionals. The senior management team of Monroe Capital, including Theodore L. Koenig and Lewis
W. Solimene, Jr., provides investment services to MC Advisors pursuant to a staffing agreement, or the Staffing Agreement, between MC
Management, an affiliate of Monroe Capital, and MC Advisors. Messrs. Koenig and Solimene, Jr. have developed a broad network of contacts within the investment community and
average approximately 40 years of experience investing in debt and equity securities of lower middle-market companies. In addition, Messrs.
Koenig and Solimene, Jr. have extensive experience investing in assets that constitute our primary focus and have expertise in investing
throughout all periods of the economic cycle. MC Advisors is an affiliate of Monroe Capital and is supported by experienced investment
professionals of Monroe Capital under the terms of the Staffing Agreement. Monroe Capital s core team of investment professionals
has an established track record in sourcing, underwriting, executing and monitoring transactions. 

2 

In addition to his role with Monroe Capital and
MC Advisors, Mr. Koenig serves as an interested director. Mr. Koenig has more than 35 years of experience in structuring, negotiating
and closing transactions on behalf of asset-backed lenders, commercial finance companies, financial institutions and private equity investors
at organizations including Monroe Capital, which Mr. Koenig founded in 2004, and Hilco Capital LP, where he led investments in over 20
companies in the lower middle-market. Mr. Solimene Jr. has more than 40 years of experience in alternative investing, corporate finance,
restructuring and special situations experience at organizations including Allstate Investments, Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc., Ernst
 Young Corporate Finance, LLC and Banc of America Securities, LLC. Messrs. Koenig and Solimene Jr. are joined on the investment committee
by Michael J. Egan, who is a senior investment professional at Monroe Capital. Mr. Egan has more than 35 years of experience in
commercial finance, credit administration and banking at organizations including Hilco Capital, The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc., The
National Community Bank of New Jersey (The Bank of New York) and KeyCorp. 

ABOUT MONROE CAPITAL 

Monroe Capital, a Delaware limited liability company
that was founded in 2004, is a leading lender to middle-market companies. As of January 1, 2023, Monroe Capital had approximately 15.9
billion in assets under management. Over its nineteen-year history, Monroe Capital has developed an established lending platform that
we believe generates consistent deal flow from a network of proprietary relationships. Monroe Capital s assets under management
are comprised of a diverse portfolio of over 500 current investments that were either originated directly by Monroe Capital or sourced
from Monroe Capital s third-party relationships. From Monroe Capital s formation in 2004 through December 31, 2022, Monroe
Capital s investment professionals invested in over 1,700 loans and related investments in an aggregate amount of over 33.0 billion.
The senior investment team of Monroe Capital has developed a proven investment and portfolio management process that has performed through
multiple market cycles. In addition, Monroe Capital s investment professionals are supported by a robust infrastructure of administrative
and back-office personnel focused on compliance, operations, finance, treasury, legal, accounting and reporting, marketing, information
technology and office management. 

INVESTMENT STRATEGY 

Our investment objective is to provide stockholders
with attractive risk-adjusted returns with the downside protection associated with investing in asset-based and secured corporate private
credit opportunities in a manner that is decoupled from public markets volatility. We seek to provide attractive risk-adjusted
returns and downside protection by investing primarily in secured private credit transactions and assets, targeting investments that have
significant downside protection through a focus on asset coverage. We invest primarily in: (i) senior secured and junior secured and unsecured
loans, notes, bonds, preferred equity (including preferred partnership equity), convertible debt and other securities; (ii) unitranche
secured loans (a combination of senior secured and junior secured debt in the same facility in which we syndicate a first out 
portion of the loan to an investor and retain a last out portion of the loan) and securities; (iii) asset-based loans and
securities; (iv) small business loans and leases; (v) structured debt and structured equity; (vi) syndicated loans; (vii) securitized
products; (viii) opportunities to acquire illiquid investments from other third-party funds as a result of liquidity constraints resulting
from investor redemptions and market dislocations; and (ix) capital investments in the secondary markets. We do not target any specific
industry, however, as of December 31, 2022, our investments in the Healthcare Pharmaceuticals; Services: Business; and High Tech
Industries represented approximately 14.4 , 12.6 and 12.3 respectively, of the fair value of our portfolio. 

Qualifying assets (as defined in Section 55(a)
of the 1940 Act and discussed in Regulation below), which generally must constitute at least 70 of our total
assets. Subject to that requirement, we may also invest in issuers in the specialty finance, consumer finance, litigation finance, and
commercial and residential real estate finance areas, as well as in secondary opportunities in pooled investment funds managed by a third-party
investment adviser and private equity fund-level financing backed by the residual value of third-party private equity fund portfolio companies.
We seek to take advantage of the supply and demand gap in multiple segments of the private credit markets throughout an economic cycle. 

3 

We may pursue out-of-favor sectors where we can
acquire investments at a significant discount to the fundamental value of an issuer s underlying assets, such as situations where
an issuer has liquidity issues, limited refinancing choices, is under time pressure, or has a complicated or faulty capital structure;
companies undergoing, or considered likely to undergo, reorganizations; and other pooled investment funds that are dedicated to investing
in certain or all of the foregoing. 

We have a broad and flexible investment program
that allows for maximum flexibility to move quickly and efficiently on sectors and opportunities as economic conditions warrant. This
adaptability should facilitate our efforts to seek out inefficiencies and mispricings in markets and in investment arenas in which there
is a shortage of financing options. A key advantage is our ability to shift exposures as markets change and the economic cycle fluctuates,
and to capitalize on attractive opportunities and strategies wherever and whatever they might be. 

We employ a conviction-based approach when allocating
capital within our portfolio. Rather than equally weighting each investment, factors such as perceived organizational risk, team risk,
strategy risk and legal risk in comparison to the potential return and diversification benefits associated with a particular investment
or strategy will heavily influence commitment amounts to each underlying transaction. In the event of downturns in the economic cycle,
our investment strategy gives us the flexibility to shift investment allocations to areas with the highest risk adjusted return potential. 

Our investment strategy includes the following: 

Protection of Capital: We focus
on the safety and protection of invested capital through Monroe Capital s comprehensive underwriting process. Depending on the type
of transaction, the loan may have structural protection by being collateralized and will typically have a lien on all of the borrower s
tangible and intangible assets, and a pledge of all company stock. In addition, covenants generally provide the ability for early intervention
in the event of deteriorating financial performance of an underlying borrower. Other types of transactions will be protected by detailed
analysis and on-going monitoring of collateral. 

Conservative Structure: Depending
on the type of transaction, loans are expected to have low leverage ratios, conservative loan-to-value and significant equity capital
support. When applicable, loans will also have amortization and excess cash-flow recapture based on a conservative estimate of the borrower s
projected free cash-flow. Each transaction will be executed to provide us with the optimal structure for the specific industry. 

Return Enhancement: Certain corporate
loan transactions will allow us additional yield generation through warrants, equity co-investments, payment-in-kind PIK interest, success fees and prepayment fees. 

Active Investor and Operating Approach to
Value Creation: MC Advisors has significant experience in sourcing, structuring, closing, managing and exiting investments. Prior
to making an investment on our behalf, MC Advisors conducts a comprehensive financial and operational underwriting process to determine
the factors likely to impact ongoing performance by portfolio companies or a proposed restructuring or recapitalization process. This
analysis includes the following: 

Due Diligence MC Advisors utilizes well-defined credit and underwriting criteria and proprietary investment management tools developed through its extensive experience. Standard due diligence items include in-person meetings with senior management, company and asset owners, onsite corporate and asset visits, and detailed calls with key customers and suppliers and examination of compatibility with Monroe Capital s Environmental, Social and Governance policy. MC Advisors may also utilize third-party firms to conduct quality of earnings analyses, special purpose accounting reviews, asset and enterprise value appraisals, management background checks on senior company management, field audits, technology reviews and business plan reviews. As part of this detailed process, MC Advisors utilizes recognized and experienced vendors (such as external legal counsel, field examiners and asset appraisers) in order to promote consistency and efficiency. 

Strategic Planning MC Advisors is actively involved in identification, development and execution of various strategies for portfolio companies. 

Executive Development MC Advisors draws on its network of relationships to assist in the recruiting and developing the management of portfolio companies, as needed. 

Capital Formation MC Advisors draws on its relationships in the banking, finance, private equity, investment banking and capital markets to assist portfolio companies in capital sourcing, as needed. 

Predictability of Returns: 
Beyond conservative structuring and protection of capital, we seek a predictable exit from our investments. We seek to invest in situations
where there are a number of potential exit options that can result in full repayment or a modest refinance of our investment. We seek
to structure the majority of our transactions as secured loans with a covenant package that provides for full or partial repayment upon
the completion of asset sales and restructurings. Because we seek to structure these transactions to provide for contractually determined,
periodic payments of principal and interest, we are less likely to depend on merger and acquisition activity or public equity markets
to exit our debt investments. As a result, we believe that we can achieve our target returns even in a period when public markets are
depressed. 

4 

BUSINESS STRATEGY 

We believe that we represent an attractive investment
opportunity for the following reasons: 

Deep, Experienced Management
Team. We are managed by MC Advisors, which has access through the Staffing Agreement to Monroe Capital s experienced
team comprised of approximately 200 professionals, including seven senior partners that average more than 30 years of direct lending
experience. We are led by Theodore L. Koenig, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Lewis W. Solimene, Jr., our Chief
Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer. This extensive experience includes the management of investments with borrowers of
varying credit profiles and transactions completed in all phases of the credit cycle. Monroe Capital s senior investment
professionals provide us with a difficult-to-replicate sourcing network and a broad range of transactional, financial, managerial
and investment skills. This expertise and experience is supported by administrative and back office personnel focused on operations,
finance, legal and compliance, accounting and reporting, marketing, information technology and office management. From Monroe
Capital s formation in 2004 through December 31, 2022, Monroe Capital s investment professionals invested in over 1,700
loans and related investments in an aggregate amount of over 33.0 billion. 

Differentiated Relationship-Based Sourcing
Network. We believe Monroe Capital s senior investment professionals benefit from extensive relationships with commercial
banks, private equity firms, financial intermediaries, management teams and turn-around advisors. We believe that this broad sourcing
network differentiates us from our competitors and offers us a diversified origination approach that does not rely on a single channel
and offers us consistent deal flow throughout the economic cycle. We also believe that this broad network allows us to originate a substantial
number of non-private equity-sponsored investments. 

Extensive Institutional Platform for Originating
Middle-Market Deal Flow. Monroe Capital s broad network of relationships and significant origination resources enable us
to review numerous lending opportunities, permitting us to exercise a high degree of selectivity in terms of loans to which we ultimately
commit. Monroe Capital estimates that it reviewed approximately 2,000 investment opportunities during 2022. Monroe Capital s over
1,700 previously executed transactions, over 500 of which are with current borrowers, offer us another source of deal flow, as these debt
investments reach maturity or seek refinancing. We are also positioned to benefit from Monroe Capital s established brand name,
strong track record in partnering with industry participants and reputation for closing deals on time and as committed. Monroe Capital s
senior investment professionals are complemented by extensive experience in capital markets transactions, risk management and portfolio
monitoring. 

Disciplined, Credit-First 
Underwriting Process. Monroe Capital has developed a systematic underwriting process that applies a consistent approach to credit
review and approval, with a focus on evaluating credit first and then appropriately assessing the risk-reward profile of each loan. MC
Advisors assessment of credit outweighs pricing and other considerations, as we seek to minimize potential credit losses through
effective due diligence, structuring and covenant design. MC Advisors seeks to customize each transaction structure and financial covenant
to reflect risks identified through the underwriting and due diligence process. We also seek to actively manage our origination and credit
underwriting activities through personal visits and calls on all parties involved with an investment, including the management team, private
equity sponsors, if any, or other lenders. 

Established Credit Risk Management Framework. 
We manage our credit risk through a well-defined portfolio strategy and credit policy. In terms of credit monitoring, MC Advisors assigns
each loan to a particular portfolio management professional and maintains an internal credit rating analysis for all loans. MC Advisors
then employs ongoing review and analysis, together with regular investment committee meetings to review the status of certain complex
and challenging loans and a comprehensive quarterly review of all loan transactions. MC Advisors investment professionals also
have significant turnaround and debt work-out experience, which gives them perspective on the risks and possibilities throughout the entire
credit cycle. We believe this careful approach to investment and monitoring enables us to identify problems early and gives us an opportunity
to assist borrowers before they face difficult liquidity constraints. By anticipating possible negative contingencies and preparing for
them, we believe that we diminish the probability of underperforming assets and loan losses. 

INVESTMENTS 

Investment Structure 

We structure our investments, which typically
have maturities of three to seven years, as follows: 

Senior Secured Loans . We structure senior
secured loans to obtain security interests in the assets of the portfolio company borrowers that serve as collateral in support of the
repayment of such loans. This collateral may take the form of first-priority liens on the assets of the portfolio company borrower. Our
senior secured loans may provide for moderate loan amortization in the early years of the loan, with the majority of the amortization
deferred until loan maturity. 

5 

Unitranche Secured Loans . We structure
our unitranche secured loans as senior secured loans. We obtain security interests in the assets of these portfolio companies that serve
as collateral in support of the repayment of these loans. This collateral may take the form of first-priority liens on the assets of a
portfolio company. Generally, we syndicate a first out portion of the loan to an investor and retain a last out 
portion of the loan, in which case the first out portion of the loan will generally receive priority with respect to payments
of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder. Unitranche structures combine characteristics of traditional first lien senior
secured as well as second lien and subordinated loans and our unitranche secured loans will expose us to the risks associated with second
lien and subordinated loans and may limit our recourse or ability to recover collateral upon a portfolio company s bankruptcy. Unitranche
secured loans typically provide for moderate loan amortization in the initial years of the facility, with the majority of the amortization
deferred until loan maturity. Unitranche secured loans generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the
end of the loan term, and there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity.
In many cases we, together with our affiliates, are the sole or majority lender of our unitranche secured loans, which can afford us additional
influence with a borrower in terms of monitoring and, if necessary, remediation in the event of underperformance. 

Junior Secured Loans. We structure junior
secured loans to obtain a security interest in the assets of these portfolio companies that serves as collateral in support of the repayment
of such loans. This collateral may take the form of second priority liens on the assets of a portfolio company. These loans typically
provide for moderate loan amortization in the initial years of the facility, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan
maturity. 

Preferred Equity . We generally structure
preferred equity investments to combine features of equity and debt. We may obtain a security interest in the assets of these portfolio
companies that serves as collateral in support of the repayment of such preferred equity, which takes a priority to common stockholders.
Preferred equity interests generally have a stated dividend rate and may not have a fixed maturity date. 

Warrants and Equity Co-Investment Securities .
In some cases, we may also receive nominally priced warrants or options to buy a minority equity interest in the portfolio company in
connection with a loan. As a result, as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from this
equity interest. We may structure such warrants to include provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as
a put, or right to sell such securities back to the issuer, upon the occurrence of specified events. In other cases, we
may make a minority equity co-investment in the portfolio company in connection with a loan. Additionally, we may receive equity in our
distressed portfolio companies in conjunction with amendments or additional debt fundings. 

We tailor the terms of each investment to the
facts and circumstances of the transaction and the prospective portfolio company, negotiating a structure that protects our rights and
manages our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan and improve its operating results. We
seek to limit the downside potential of our investments by: 

selecting investments that we believe have a very low probability of loss; 

requiring a total return on our investments, including both interest and potential equity appreciation, that we believe will compensate us appropriately for credit risk; and 

negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible, consistent with the preservation of our capital. Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights, including either observation or rights to a seat on the board of directors under some circumstances. 

We expect to hold most of our investments to maturity
or repayment, but we may sell some of our investments earlier if a liquidity event occurs, such as a sale, recapitalization or worsening
of the credit quality of the portfolio company, or if an investment has reached its return target. 

6 

Investments 

We seek to create a diverse portfolio that includes
senior secured, unitranche secured, junior secured loans and warrants and equity co-investment securities by investing approximately 2.0
million to 50.0 million of capital, on average, in the securities of middle-market companies. This investment size may vary proportionately
with the size of our capital base. Set forth below is a list of our ten largest portfolio company investments as of December 31, 2022,
as well as the top ten industries in which we were invested as of December 31, 2022, calculated as a percentage of our total investments
at fair value as of such date (in thousands): 

Portfolio Company 
 Fair Value of Investments 
 Percentage of Total Investments 
 
 NationsBenefits, LLC 
 35,838 
 2.4 
 
 CE Intermediate, LLC 
 29,067 
 2.0 
 
 Dorado Acquisition, Inc. 
 28,103 
 1.9 
 
 Clydesdale Holdings, LLC 
 26,523 
 1.8 
 
 IF P Holdings Company, LLC 
 25,862 
 1.8 
 
 CGI Automated Manufacturing, LLC 
 25,525 
 1.7 
 
 Arizona Natural Resources, LLC 
 24,762 
 1.7 
 
 Unanet, Inc. 
 23,181 
 1.6 
 
 Jumpstart Holdco, Inc. 
 22,630 
 1.5 
 
 Whistler Parent Holdings III, Inc. 
 21,451 
 1.5 
 
 Total 
 262,942 
 17.9 

Industry 
 Fair Value of Investments 
 Percentage of Total Investments 
 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 210,831 
 14.4 
 
 Services: Business 
 184,535 
 12.6 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 180,823 
 12.3 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 129,362 
 8.8 
 
 Transportation: Cargo 
 97,153 
 6.6 
 
 Services: Consumer 
 77,998 
 5.3 
 
 FIRE: Real Estate 
 71,154 
 4.8 
 
 FIRE: Finance 
 66,639 
 4.5 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 56,074 
 3.8 
 
 Media: Diversified Production 
 46,348 
 3.2 
 
 Total 
 1,120,917 
 76.3 

7 

INVESTMENT PROCESS OVERVIEW 

We view our investment process as consisting of
the phases described below: 

Origination. MC Advisors develops
investment opportunities through extensive relationships with regional banks, private equity firms, financial intermediaries, management
teams and other turn-around advisors. Monroe Capital has developed this network since its formation in 2004. MC Advisors manages these
leads through personal visits and calls by its senior deal professionals. It is these professionals responsibility to identify
specific opportunities, refine opportunities through due diligence regarding the underlying facts and circumstances and utilize innovative
thinking and flexible terms to solve the financing issues of prospective clients. Monroe Capital s origination professionals are
broadly dispersed with eight offices in the United States and one in South Korea. Certain of Monroe Capital s originators are
responsible for covering a specified target market based on geography and others focus on specialized industry verticals. We believe Monroe
Capital s origination professionals experience is vital to enable us to provide our borrowers with innovative financing solutions.
We further believe that their strength and breadth of relationships across a wide range of markets will generate numerous financing opportunities
and enable us to be highly selective in our lending activities. In sourcing new transactions, MC Advisors generally seeks opportunities
to work with borrowers primarily domiciled in the United States and Canada and typically focuses on industries in which Monroe Capital
has previous lending experience. 

Due Diligence. For each of our
investments, MC Advisors prepares a comprehensive new business presentation, which summarizes the investment opportunity and its due
diligence and risk analysis, all from the perspective of strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats presented by the
opportunity. This presentation assesses the borrower and its management, including products and services offered, market position,
sales and marketing capabilities and distribution channels; key contracts, customers and suppliers, meetings with management and
facility tours; background checks on key executives; customer calls; and an evaluation of exit strategies. MC Advisors 
presentation typically evaluates historical financial performance of the borrower and includes projections, including operating
trends, an assessment of the quality of financial information, capitalization and liquidity measures and debt service capacity. The
financial analysis also includes sensitivity analysis against management projections and an analysis of potential downside
scenarios, particularly for cyclical businesses. MC Advisors also reviews the dynamics of the borrowers industry and assess
the maturity, market size, competition, technology and regulatory issues confronted by the industry. As part of this analysis, MC
Advisors also reviews the environmental, social and governance ESG considerations of the industry and the specific
business of the borrower. Finally, MC Advisors new business presentation includes all relevant third-party reports and
assessments, including, as applicable, analyses of the quality of earnings of the prospective borrower, a review of the business by
industry and ESG experts and third-party valuations. MC Advisors also includes in this due diligence, if relevant, field exams,
collateral appraisals and environmental reviews, as well as a review of comparable private and public transactions. 

Underwriting. MC Advisors uses the
systematic, consistent approach to credit evaluation developed in house by Monroe Capital with a particular focus on determining the value
of a business in a downside scenario. In this process, the senior investment professionals at MC Advisors bring to bear extensive lending
experience with emphasis on lessons learned from the past credit cycles. We believe that the extensive credit and debt work-out experience
of Monroe Capital s senior management enables us to anticipate problems and minimize risks. Monroe Capital s underwriting
professionals work closely with its origination professionals to identify individual deal strengths, risks and any risk mitigants. MC
Advisors preliminarily screens transactions based on cash flow, enterprise value and asset-based characteristics, and each of these measures
is developed on a proprietary basis using thorough credit analysis focused on sustainability and predictability of cash flow to support
enterprise value, barriers to entry, market position, competition, customer and supplier relationships, management strength, private equity
sponsor track record and industry dynamics. For asset-based transactions, MC Advisors seeks to understand current and future collateral
value, opening availability and ongoing liquidity. MC Advisors documents this preliminary analysis, which is thoroughly reviewed by at
least one member of its investment committee prior to proposing a formal term sheet. We believe this early involvement of the investment
committee ensures that our resources and those of third parties are deployed appropriately and efficiently during the investment process
and lowers execution risk for our clients. With respect to transactions reviewed by MC Advisors, we expect that only approximately 10 
of our sourced deals will reach the formal term sheet stage. 

8 

Credit
Approval/Investment Committee Review. MC Advisors employs a standardized, structured process developed by Monroe Capital
when evaluating and underwriting new investments for our portfolio. The Company s investment committee considers its comprehensive
new business presentation to approve or decline each investment. The Company s investment committee includes Messrs. Koenig,
Solimene Jr. and Egan. The committee is committed to providing a prompt turnaround on investment decisions. Each meeting to approve an
investment requires a quorum of at least two members of the investment committee, and each investment must receive unanimous approval
by such members of the investment committee. 

The following chart illustrates the stages of
MC Advisors evaluation process: 

Evaluation Process 

Execution. We believe Monroe Capital
has developed a strong reputation for closing deals as proposed, and we intend to continue this tradition. Through MC Advisors 
consistent approach to credit evaluation and underwriting, we seek to close deals as fast or faster than competitive financing providers
while maintaining the discipline with respect to credit, pricing and structure necessary to ensure the ultimate success of the financing. 

Monitoring. We benefit from the
portfolio management system in place at Monroe Capital. This monitoring includes regular meetings between the responsible analyst and
our portfolio company to discuss market activity and current events. MC Advisors portfolio management staff closely monitors all
credits, with senior portfolio managers covering agented and more complex investments with the support of junior portfolio management
staff. MC Advisors segregates our capital markets investments by industry. MC Advisors monitoring process developed by Monroe Capital
has daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly components and related reports, each to evaluate performance against historical, budget and underwriting
expectations. MC Advisors analysts monitor performance using standard industry software tools to provide consistent disclosure
of performance. When necessary, MC Advisors updates our internal risk ratings, borrowing base criteria and covenant compliance reports. 

9 

As part of the monitoring process, MC Advisors
regularly assesses the risk profile of each of our investments and rates each of them based on an internal proprietary system that uses
the categories listed below, which we refer to as MC Advisors investment performance risk rating. For any investment rated in grades
3, 4 or 5, MC Advisors, through its internal Portfolio Management Group PMG ), will increase its monitoring intensity and
prepare regular updates for the investment committee, summarizing current operating results and material impending events and suggesting
recommended actions. The PMG is responsible for oversight and management of any investments rated in grades 3, 4 or 5. MC Advisors monitors
and, when appropriate, changes the investment ratings assigned to each investment in our portfolio. In connection with our valuation process,
MC Advisors reviews these investment performance risk ratings on a quarterly basis. The investment performance risk rating system is described
as follows: 

Investment 
Performance 
Risk Rating 
 
 Summary Description 
 
 Grade 1 
 
 Includes investments exhibiting the least amount of risk in our portfolio. The issuer is performing above expectations or the issuer s operating trends and risk factors are generally positive. 

Grade 2 
 
 Includes investments exhibiting an acceptable level of risk that is similar to the risk at the time of origination. The issuer is generally performing as expected or the risk factors are neutral to positive. 

Grade 3 
 
 Includes investments performing below expectations and indicates that the investment s risk has increased somewhat since origination. The issuer may be out of compliance with debt covenants; however, scheduled loan payments are generally not past due. 

Grade 4 
 
 Includes an issuer performing materially below expectations and indicates that the issuer s risk has increased materially since origination. In addition to the issuer being generally out of compliance with debt covenants, scheduled loan payments may be past due (but generally not more than six months past due). 

Grade 5 
 
 Indicates that the issuer is performing substantially below expectations and the investment risk has substantially increased since origination. Most or all of the debt covenants are out of compliance or payments are substantially delinquent. Investments graded 5 are not anticipated to be repaid in full. 

Our investment performance risk ratings do not
constitute any rating of investments by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or reflect or represent any third-party
assessment of any of our investments. 

In the event of a delinquency or a decision to
rate an investment Grade 4 or Grade 5, the PMG, in consultation with the investment committee, will develop an action plan. Such a plan
may require a meeting with the borrower s management or the lender group to discuss reasons for the default and the steps management
is undertaking to address the under-performance, as well as amendments and waivers that may be required. In the event of a dramatic deterioration
of a credit, MC Advisors and the PMG will form a team or engage outside advisors to analyze, evaluate and take further steps to preserve
our value in the credit. In this regard, we would expect to explore all options, including in a private equity sponsored investment, assuming
certain responsibilities for the private equity sponsor or a formal sale of the business with oversight of the sale process by us. The
PMG and the investment committee have extensive experience in running debt work-out transactions and bankruptcies. 

The following table shows the distribution of our
investments on the 1 to 5 investment performance risk rating scale as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Investment Performance Risk Rating 
 
 Investments at 
Fair Value 

Percentage of 
Total Investments 

1 

2 

1,396,200 

95.0 

3 

72,190 

4.9 

4 

606 

0.1 

5 

Total 

1,468,996 

100.0 

The following table shows the distribution of our
investments on the 1 to 5 investment performance risk rating scale as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Investment Performance Risk Rating 
 
 Investments at 
Fair Value 

Percentage of 
Total Investments 

1 

2 

693,017 

98.3 

3 

11,459 

1.6 

4 

414 

0.1 

5 

Total 

704,890 

100.0 

10 

MANAGEMENT AND OTHER AGREEMENTS 

MC Advisors is located at 311 South Wacker Drive,
Suite 6400, Chicago, Illinois 60606. MC Advisors is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act. Subject to the overall supervision
of our Board and in accordance with the 1940 Act, MC Advisors manages our investing activities operations and provides investment advisory
services to us, pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement entered into on December 5, 2018. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory
Agreement, MC Advisors: 

determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

assists us in determining what securities we purchase, retain or sell; 

identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); and 

executes, closes, services and monitors the investments we make. 

MC Advisors services under the Investment
Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its services to us are not
impaired. 

Management and Incentive Fee 

For providing us with investment advisory services
pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, MC Advisors receives a fee from us, consisting of two components a base management
fee and an incentive fee. 

On
April 18, 2022, MC Advisors agreed to permanently waive a portion of the base management fees and incentive fees payable by us to MC Advisors
under the Investment Advisory Agreement pursuant to a fee waiver letter. The base management fee waivers took effect beginning
April 1, 2022 (the Effective Date and the incentive fee waivers took effect beginning January 1, 2022. 

Beginning with the Effective Date, the base management
fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.25 of average total assets (reduced from 1.50 ), which includes assets financed using leverage.
Following any future quotation or listing of our securities on a national securities exchange (an Exchange Listing or any future quotation or listing of its securities on any other public trading market, the base management fee will be calculated at
an annual rate of 1.75 of average invested assets (calculated as total assets excluding cash). The base management fee is payable in
arrears. 

The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first
part is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the preceding quarter. Pre-incentive
fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination,
structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies but excluding fees for providing managerial
assistance) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee), any expenses
payable under our administration agreement between us and MC Management (the Administration Agreement and any interest
expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee. Pre-incentive fee net investment income
includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature such as market discount, debt instruments with PIK interest, preferred
stock with PIK dividends and zero-coupon securities, accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. MC Advisors is not under any
obligation to reimburse us for any part of the incentive fee it receives that was based on accrued interest that we never actually receive. 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not
include any realized capital gains or losses or unrealized capital gains or losses. If any distributions from portfolio companies are
characterized as a return of capital, such returns of capital would affect the capital gains incentive fee to the extent a gain or loss
is realized. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a quarter where we incur
a loss. For example, if we receive pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate (as defined below) for a quarter,
we will pay the applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed
as a rate of return on the value of our net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive
fees payable during the period) at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a fixed hurdle rate 
of 1.50 per quarter (6 annually). 

11 

Prior to April 1, 2022, we paid MC Advisors an
incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 

no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which the pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.50 
(6 annually); 

100 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income,
if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.76 in any calendar quarter prior to an Exchange Listing or 1.88 in any calendar
quarter following an Exchange Listing. We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income as the catch-up 
provision. Prior to an Exchange Listing, the catch-up is meant to provide MC Advisors with 15 of the pre-incentive fee net investment
income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.76 in any calendar quarter, and following an Exchange
Listing, the catch-up is meant to provide MC Advisors with 20 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did
not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.88 in any calendar quarter; and 

prior to an Exchange Listing, 15 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 1.76 in any
calendar quarter, and following an Exchange Listing, 20 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds
1.88 in any calendar quarter. 

Effective April 1, 2022, prior to an Exchange
Listing, we shall pay MC Advisors an incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter
as follows: 

no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which the pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.50 (6 annually); 

100 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such
 pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.7143 (reduced from 1.76 in any
 calendar quarter prior to an Exchange Listing or 1.88 in any calendar quarter following an Exchange Listing. We refer to this
 portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income as the catch-up provision; and 

prior to an Exchange Listing, 12.5 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income (a reduction from 15.0 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net income), if any, that exceeds 1.7143 (reduced from 1.76 in any calendar quarter, and following an Exchange Listing, 20 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 1.88 in any calendar quarter. 

The following is a graphical representation of
the calculation of the income-related portion of the incentive fee both prior to and after the effectiveness of the fee waiver letter: 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (expressed
as a percentage of the value of net assets) prior to April 1, 2022 

Pre-Incentive
Fee Net Investment Income (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets) beginning with April 1, 2022 

These calculations are appropriately prorated
for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current quarter. 

The second part of the incentive fee is a capital
gains incentive fee that is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Investment
Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and equals 12.5 (permanently reduced from 15.0 effective January 1, 2022) of
our realized capital gains as of the end of the fiscal year. In determining the capital gains incentive fee payable to MC Advisors, we
calculate the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains and cumulative aggregate realized capital losses since our inception, and the
aggregate unrealized capital depreciation as of the date of the calculation, as applicable, with respect to each of the investments in
our portfolio. For this purpose, cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equals the sum of the differences between the net
sales price of each investment, when sold, and the amortized cost of such investment. Cumulative aggregate realized capital losses equals
the sum of the amounts by which the net sales price of each investment, when sold, is less than the amortized cost of such investment
since our inception. Aggregate unrealized capital depreciation equals the sum of the difference, if negative, between the valuation of
each investment as of the applicable calculation date and the amortized cost of such investment. At the end of the applicable year, the
amount of capital gains that will serve as the basis for our calculation of the capital gains incentive fee equals the cumulative aggregate
realized capital gains less cumulative aggregate realized capital losses, less aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, with respect
to our portfolio of investments. If this number is positive at the end of such year, then the capital gains incentive fee for such year
equals 12.5 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains incentive fees paid in respect of our portfolio in all prior
years. 

While the Investment Advisory Agreement with MC
Advisors neither includes nor contemplates the inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee, pursuant
to an interpretation of an American Institute for Certified Public Accountants Technical Practice Aid for investment companies, we include
unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee expense and related accrued capital gains incentive fee. This accrual
reflects the incentive fees that would be payable to MC Advisors if our entire portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of the balance
sheet date even though MC Advisors is not entitled to an incentive fee with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are
actually realized. 

12 

Payment of Our Expenses 

All investment professionals of MC Advisors and/or
its affiliates, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to us, and the compensation and
routine overhead expenses of personnel allocable to these services to us, are provided and paid for by MC Advisors and not by us. We bear
all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including, without limitation: 

organization and offering; 

calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); 

fees and expenses incurred by MC Advisors payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for us and in conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments and equity sponsors, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring our investment and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis (although none of MC Advisors duties will be subcontracted to sub-advisors); 

any and all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with our incurrence of leverage and indebtedness, including borrowings, dollar rolls, reverse purchase agreements, credit facilities, securitizations, margin financing and derivatives and swaps, and including any principal or interest on our borrowings and indebtedness (including, without limitation, any fees, costs, and expenses incurred in obtaining lines of credit, loan commitments, and letters of credit for the account of the fund and in making, carrying, funding and/or otherwise resolving investment guarantees); 

offerings of our common stock and other securities; 

investment advisory fees; 

administration fees and expenses, if any, payable under the Administration Agreement (including payments under the Administration Agreement between us and MC Management based upon our allocable portion of MC Management s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer, and their respective staffs); 

transfer agent, dividend agent and custodial fees and expenses; 

federal and state registration fees; 

all costs of registration and listing our shares on any securities exchange; 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC or other regulators; 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; 

fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; 

proxy voting expenses; and 

all other expenses incurred by us or MC Management in connection with administering our business. 

Duration and Termination 

Unless terminated earlier as described below,
the Investment Advisory Agreement will continue in effect from year-to-year if approved annually by our Board or by the affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities and, in each case, a majority of our directors who are not interested
persons. The Investment Advisory Agreement automatically terminates in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act,
by MC Advisors and may be terminated by either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. The
holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities may also terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement without penalty. See Risk
Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure We depend upon MC Advisors senior management for our success,
and upon its access to the investment professionals of Monroe Capital and its affiliates and Risk Factors Risks
Relating to Our Business and Structure MC Advisors can resign on 60 days notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable
replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business
and results of operations. 

13 

Indemnification 

The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that,
absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its
duties and obligations, MC Advisors and its affiliates respective officers, directors, members, managers, stockholders and employees
are entitled to indemnification from us from and against any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses
reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with our business and operations or any action taken or omitted on our behalf pursuant
to authority granted by the Investment Advisory Agreement, except where attributable to gross negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith
or reckless disregard of such person s duties under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 

Administration Agreement 

On December 5, 2018, we entered into the Administration
Agreement with MC Management. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, MC Management furnishes us with office facilities and equipment
and provides us clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping and other administrative services at such facilities. Under the Administration
Agreement, MC Management performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things,
being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed
with the SEC. MC Management also assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of
our tax returns, disseminates reports to our stockholders and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative
and professional services rendered to us by others. Under the Administration Agreement, MC Management also provides managerial assistance
on our behalf to those portfolio companies that have accepted our offer to provide such assistance. 

Payments under the Administration Agreement are
equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of our Board) of MC Management s overhead
in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the cost of our officers,
including our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. Unless terminated earlier as described
below, the Administration Agreement will continue in effect from year to year with the approval of our Board. The Board most recently
reapproved the Administration Agreement on November 7, 2022. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty
upon 60 days written notice to the other party. 

MC Management may retain third parties to assist
in providing administrative services to us. To the extent that MC Management outsources any of its functions, we pay the fees associated
with such functions on a direct basis without profit to MC Management. We reimburse MC Management for the allocable portion (subject to
the review and approval of our Board) of MC Management s overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations
under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and our allocable
portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. 

Indemnification 

The Administration Agreement provides that, absent
willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties
and obligations, MC Management and its affiliates respective officers, directors, members, managers, stockholders and employees
are entitled to indemnification from us from and against any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses
reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with our business and operations or any action taken or omitted on our behalf pursuant
to authority granted by the Administration Agreement, except where attributable to gross negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or
reckless disregard of such person s duties under the Administration Agreement. 

License Agreement 

On December 5, 2018, we entered into a license
agreement with Monroe Capital under which Monroe Capital has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name
 Monroe Capital. Under this agreement, we have a right to use the Monroe Capital name for so long as MC Advisors
or one of its affiliates remains our investment advisor. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the
 Monroe Capital name. This license agreement will remain in effect for so long as the Investment Advisory Agreement with
MC Advisors is in effect. 

MC Advisors Staffing Agreement 

We do not have any internal employees. We depend
on the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the senior investment professionals of MC Advisors to achieve our investment
objective. MC Advisors is an affiliate of Monroe Capital and depends upon access to the investment professionals and other resources of
Monroe Capital and Monroe Capital s affiliates to fulfill its obligations to us under the Investment Advisory Agreement. MC Advisors
also depends upon Monroe Capital to obtain access to deal flow generated by the professionals of Monroe Capital and its affiliates. Under
the Staffing Agreement, MC Management provides MC Advisors with the resources necessary to fulfill these obligations. The Staffing Agreement
provides that MC Management will make available to MC Advisors experienced investment professionals and access to the senior investment
personnel of Monroe Capital for purposes of evaluating, negotiating, structuring, closing and monitoring our investments. The Staffing
Agreement also includes a commitment that the members of MC Advisors investment committee serve in such capacity. The Staffing
Agreement remains in effect until terminated and may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice
to the other party. Services under the Staffing Agreement are provided to MC Advisors on a direct cost reimbursement basis, and such fees
are not our obligation. 

14 

Board Approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement 

At a virtual meeting of our Board held on November
7, 2022, our Board, including directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act, voted unanimously to
reapprove the Investment Advisory Agreement in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. In reliance upon certain exemptive relief
provided by the SEC in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board undertook to ratify the Investment Advisory Agreement at its next
person meeting. In reaching a decision to approve the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Board reviewed a significant amount of information
and considered, among other things: 

Nature, Quality and Extent of Services . Our Board reviewed information about the services to be performed and the personnel performing such services under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Our Board considered the nature, extent and quality of the investment selection process employed by MC Advisors and the experience of the members of the investment committee. Our Board concluded that the services to be provided under the Investment Advisory Agreement are consistent with those of comparable BDCs described in the available market data. 

The reasonableness of the fees paid to MC Advisors . Our Board considered comparative data based on publicly available information on other BDCs with respect to services rendered and the advisory fees (including the management fees and incentive fees) of other BDCs as well as our projected operating expenses and expense ratio compared to other BDCs. Our Board also considered the profitability of MC Advisors. Based upon its review, our Board concluded that the fees to be paid under the Investment Advisory Agreement are reasonable compared to other BDCs. 

Investment Performance . Our Board reviewed our performance, as well as comparative data with respect to the investment performance of other externally managed BDCs. 

Based on the information reviewed and the discussions
detailed above, our Board, including all of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act, concluded
that the investment advisory fee rates and terms are fair and reasonable in relation to the services provided and approved the investment
advisory agreement and its continuation as being in the best interests of our stockholders. MC Advisors bears all expenses related to
the services and personnel provided to us. 

VALUATION PROCESS AND DETERMINATION OF NET ASSET
VALUE 

The net asset value per share of our outstanding
shares of common stock is determined quarterly by dividing the value of total assets minus liabilities by the total number of shares outstanding.
We calculate the value of our total assets in accordance with the following procedures. 

For periods prior to September 30, 2022, the Board
determined the fair value of our investments. Pursuant to the new SEC Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, on September 30, 2022 the Board
designated MC Advisors as our valuation designee (the Valuation Designee ). The Board is responsible for oversight of the
Valuation Designee. The Valuation Designee has established a valuation committee to determine in good faith the fair value of our investments,
based on input of the Valuation Designee s management and personnel and independent valuation firms which are engaged at the direction
of the valuation committee to assist in the valuation of certain portfolio investments lacking a readily available market quotation. The
valuation committee determines fair values pursuant to a valuation policy approved by the Board and pursuant to a consistently applied
valuation process. 

Under the valuation policy, we value
investments for which market quotations are readily available and within a recent date at such market quotations. When doing so, we
determine whether the quote obtained is sufficient in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America to determine the fair value of the security. Debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market
prices are not readily available or whose market prices are not regularly updated are valued at fair value as determined in good
faith by the Valuation Designee. Because we expect that there will not be a readily available market for many of the investments in
our portfolio, we expect to value many of our portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our Valuation
Designee using a documented valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. Such determination of fair values may
involve subjective judgments and estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not
have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have
been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. If we were
required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize amounts that are different from the
amounts presented and such differences could be material. 

15 

With respect to investments for which market quotations
are not readily available, the Valuation Designee undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 

the quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially evaluated and rated by the investment professionals of the Valuation Designee responsible for the credit monitoring of the portfolio investment; 

our Valuation Designee engages an independent valuation firm to conduct independent appraisals of a selection of investments for which market quotations are not readily available. We will consult with an independent valuation firm relative to each portfolio company at least once in every calendar year, but the independent appraisals are generally received quarterly for each investment; 

to the extent an independent valuation firm is not engaged to conduct an investment appraisal on an investment for which market quotations are not readily available, the investment will be valued by the Valuation Designee; 

preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with the valuation committee of the Valuation Designee; 

the valuation conclusions are approved by the valuation committee of the Valuation Designee; and 

a report prepared by the Valuation Designee is presented to the Board quarterly to allow the Board to perform its oversight duties of the valuation process and the Valuation Designee. 

The valuation technique utilized in the determination
of fair value is affected by a wide variety of factors including the type of investment, whether the investment is new and not yet established
in the marketplace, and other characteristics particular to the transaction. The Valuation Designee generally uses the income approach
to determine fair value for loans where market quotations are not readily available, as long as it is appropriate. If there is deterioration
in credit quality or a debt investment is in workout status, the Valuation Designee may consider other factors in determining the fair
value, including the value attributable to the debt investment from the enterprise value of the portfolio company or the proceeds that
would be received in a liquidation analysis. This liquidation analysis may also include probability weighting of alternative outcomes.
The Valuation Designee generally considers our debt to be performing if the borrower is not in default, the borrower is remitting payments
in a timely manner, the loan is in covenant compliance and the loan is otherwise not deemed to be impaired. In determining the fair value
of the performing debt, the Valuation Designee considers fluctuations in current interest rates, the trends in yields of debt instruments
with similar credit ratings, financial condition of the borrower, economic conditions and other relevant factors, both qualitative and
quantitative. In the event that a debt instrument is not performing, as defined above, the Valuation Designee will evaluate the value
of the collateral utilizing the same framework described above for a performing loan to determine the value of the debt instrument. See
Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on the determination of fair value. 

We report our investments at fair value with changes
in value reported through our consolidated statements of operations under the caption unrealized gain (loss). In determining
fair value, we are required to assume that portfolio investments are to be sold in the principal market to market participants, or in
the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market, which may be a hypothetical market. Market participants are defined as
buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable, and willing and able to transact.
The market in which we can exit portfolio investments with the greatest volume and level activity is considered our principal market. 

Determination of fair value involves subjective
judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to our consolidated financial statements express the uncertainty with respect to the possible
effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on our consolidated financial statements. 

COMPETITION 

We compete with a number of specialty and commercial
finance companies to make the types of investments that we make in middle-market companies, including BDCs, traditional commercial banks,
private investment funds, regional banking institutions, small business investment companies, investment banks and insurance companies.
Additionally, with increased competition for investment opportunities, alternative investment vehicles such as hedge funds may invest
in areas they have not traditionally invested in or from which they had withdrawn during the recent economic downturn, including investing
in middle-market companies. As a result, competition for investments in lower middle-market companies has intensified, and we expect that
trend to continue. Many of our existing and potential competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical
and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are
not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow
them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. 

We use the expertise of the investment professionals
of MC Advisors to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing and terms for investments in our loan portfolio. In addition,
we expect that the relationships of the senior professionals of MC Advisors will enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for,
investment opportunities with attractive middle-market companies, independently or in conjunction with the private equity clients of MC
Advisors. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business
and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in
losses. 

16 

LIQUIDITY OPTIONS 

From time to time, we may offer stockholders
the opportunity to participate in a liquidity event which could include, among other options: (i) a share repurchase program; (ii) optional
exchange of outstanding shares of common stock for shares of Monroe Capital Corporation, a publicly traded BDC MRCC that
is also externally managed by MC Advisors; (iii) a merger or another transaction approved by the Board in which stockholders will receive
cash or shares of a listed company; (iv) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets either on a complete portfolio basis or individually
to an unaffiliated third party or an affiliate followed by a liquidation or (v) an orderly wind down and/or liquidation. 

We intend to use commercially reasonable efforts
to raise the cash needed to repurchase up to 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock on a quarterly basis. Any such repurchases
are subject to approval by the Board, in its discretion, and the availability of cash to fund such repurchases. In addition, participation
by certain investors in such repurchase offers will be subject to any applicable lock-up period pursuant to each such investor s
subscription agreement. We anticipate that the majority of our assets will be private debt and as such, current liquidity with respect
to such assets will be driven by interest and amortization payments on such private debt rather than the sale of such assets. In addition,
we are required to reserve sufficient amounts to ensure that we do not default on any commitment under a loan. Consequently, there can
be no assurance that we will have sufficient cash to repurchase shares on a quarterly basis or at all. Such repurchase offerings may be
subject to additional limitations that will be described in detail in the applicable repurchase offer documents. For a discussion of our
share repurchase program, see Share Repurchase Program. 

Certain of these liquidity options, including
the exchange of shares of our common stock for shares of MRCC, if any, will require exemptive relief from the SEC. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to obtain such exemptive relief from the SEC. If we are unable to do so, then we will continue our operations in
the manner as otherwise set forth in this Annual Report and in our offering memorandum. 

Investors in the Second Private Offering
will agree to not transfer or otherwise dispose of shares of our common stock purchased in the Second Private Offering until the first
 anniversary of such investor s closing date, including pursuant to an offer by us to repurchase shares in a tender offer or
otherwise. 

SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we
commenced a quarterly share repurchase program in which we intend to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of our shares of common
stock outstanding as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. Any such repurchases are subject to approval by the Board, in
its discretion, and the availability of cash to fund such repurchases. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share
repurchase program if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. As a result, share
repurchases may not be available each quarter. We intend to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of
Rule 13e-4 under the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act and subject to compliance with applicable covenants and restrictions under our
financing arrangements. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be redeemed and thereafter will
be authorized and unissued shares. 

Under our share repurchase program, to the extent
we offer to repurchase shares in any particular quarter, we expect to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers using a purchase price
equal to the net asset value per share as determined within 48 hours of the expiration of the repurchase offer. There is no repurchase
priority for a stockholder under the circumstances of death or disability of such stockholder. Participation by certain stockholders in
such repurchase offers will be subject to any applicable lock-up period pursuant to each such stockholder s subscription agreement. 

Stockholders may seek to tender all of the shares
of common stock that they own. In the event the amount of shares tendered exceeds the repurchase offer amount, we may, in our sole discretion,
either accept the additional duly tendered shares permitted to be accepted pursuant to Rule 13e-4 under the Exchange Act, or repurchase
shares on a pro rata basis in accordance with the number of shares tendered by each shareholder. We will have no obligation to repurchase
shares, including if the repurchase would violate the restrictions on distributions under federal law or Maryland law. The limitations
and restrictions described above may prevent us from accommodating all repurchase requests made in any quarter. All unsatisfied repurchase
requests must be resubmitted in the next quarterly tender offer, or upon the recommencement of the share repurchase program, as applicable.
Our share repurchase program has many limitations, including the limitations described above, and should not in any way be viewed as the
equivalent of a secondary market. 

We will offer to repurchase shares on such terms
as may be determined by the Board in its complete and absolute discretion unless, in the judgment of our Board, including independent
directors, such repurchases would not be in the best interests of our stockholders or would violate applicable law. There is no assurance
that the Board will exercise its discretion to offer to repurchase shares or that there will be sufficient funds available to accommodate
all of our stockholders requests for repurchase. As a result, we may repurchase less than the full amount of shares that a stockholder
requests to have repurchased. If we do not repurchase the full amount of a stockholder s shares that the stockholder has requested
to be repurchased, or we determine not to make repurchases of our shares, such stockholder will likely not be able to dispose of its shares,
even if we under-perform. Any periodic repurchase offers will be subject in part to our available cash and compliance with the RIC qualification
and diversification rules and the 1940 Act. 

17 

We will repurchase shares from stockholders pursuant
to written tenders on terms and conditions that the Board determines to be fair to us and to all stockholders. When the Board determines
that we will repurchase shares, notice will be provided to stockholders describing the terms of the offer, containing information stockholders
should consider in deciding whether to participate in the repurchase opportunity and containing information on how to participate. Stockholders
deciding whether to tender their shares during the period that a repurchase offer is open may obtain our most recent net asset value per
share by viewing the documents we file with the SEC, through its EDGAR page at http://www.sec.gov. However, the per share purchase price
used in our repurchase offers will generally reflect our net asset value per share as determined within 48 hours of the expiration of
the repurchase offer, so stockholders will not know the exact price of shares in the tender offer when they make their decision whether
to tender their shares. 

Repurchases of shares from stockholders by us
will be paid in cash promptly after the determination of the relevant net asset value per share is finalized. Repurchases will be effective
after receipt and acceptance by the Company of eligible written tenders of shares from stockholders by the applicable repurchase offer
deadline. We do not impose any charges in connection with repurchases of shares. 

The majority of our assets will consist of instruments
that cannot generally be readily liquidated without impacting our ability to realize full value upon their disposition. Therefore, we
may not always have sufficient liquid resources to make repurchase offers. In order to provide liquidity for share repurchases, we intend
to generally maintain under normal circumstances an allocation to syndicated loans and other liquid investments. We may fund repurchase
requests from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings, return of capital
or offering proceeds, and we have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. Should making repurchase offers, in our judgment,
place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or
should we otherwise determine that investing our liquid assets in originated loans or other illiquid investments rather than repurchasing
our shares is in the best interests of the Company as a whole, then we may choose to offer to repurchase fewer shares than described above,
or none at all. 

Payment for repurchased shares may require
us to liquidate portfolio holdings earlier than MC Advisors would otherwise have caused these holdings to be liquidated, potentially resulting
in losses, and may increase our investment-related expenses as a result of higher portfolio turnover rates. MC Advisors intends to take
measures, subject to policies as may be established by the Board, to attempt to avoid or minimize potential losses and expenses resulting
from the repurchase of shares. 

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 

We utilize a number of industry standard practices
and software packages to secure, protect, manage and back up all corporate data. We outsource portions of our information technology function
to efficiently monitor and maintain our systems. Also, we conduct a daily backup of our systems to ensure the security and stability of
the network. 

ELECTION TO BE TAXED AS A RIC 

As a BDC, we have elected to be treated as a RIC
under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital
gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain
source-of income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, we must distribute to our stockholders, for
each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus
the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ).
Generally, we would expect these distributions to be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary income and not to be eligible for the reduced
maximum tax rates associated with qualified dividends. 

Taxation as a RIC 

If we continue to: 

qualify as a RIC; and 

satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement; 

then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion
of our investment company taxable income and net capital gains, defined as net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital
losses we distribute to our stockholders. 

18 

We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax
at the regular corporate rates on any net income or net capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 

We will be subject to a 4 U.S. nondeductible
federal excise tax on our undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (a) 98 
of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (b) 98.2 of our capital gain net income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year
period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (c) any ordinary income and net capital gains that we recognized in preceding years,
but were not distributed during such year and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ).
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded 0.1 million, 1) thousand and 72 thousand on our consolidated
statements of operations for U.S. federal excise taxes. 

In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 

meet the Annual Distribution Requirement; 

qualify to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities, and net income derived from interests in qualified publicly traded partnerships (partnerships that are traded on an established securities market or tradable on a secondary market, other than partnerships that derive 90 of their income from interest, dividends and other permitted RIC income) (the 90 Income Test ); and 

diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer (which for these purposes includes the equity securities of a qualified publicly traded partnership ); and 

no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in (i) the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, (ii) the securities, other than the securities of other RICs, or of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) in the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships (the Diversification Tests ). 

To the extent that we invest in entities treated
as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership ), we generally
must include the items of gross income derived by the partnerships for purposes of the 90 Income Test, and the income that is derived
from a partnership (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership will be treated as qualifying income for purposes
of the 90 Income Test only to the extent that such income is attributable to items of income of the partnership that would be qualifying
income if realized by us directly. In addition, we generally must take into account our proportionate share of the assets held by partnerships
(other than a qualified publicly traded partnership in which we are a partner for purposes of the Diversification Tests. 

In order to prevent our receipt of income that
would not satisfy the 90 Income Test, we have established and may establish additional special purpose corporations to hold assets from
which we do not anticipate earning dividend, interest or other qualifying income under the 90 Income Test. Any investments held through
a special purpose corporation would generally be subject to U.S. federal income taxes and other taxes, and therefore would be expected
to achieve a reduced after-tax yield. 

We may be required to recognize taxable income
in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example, for debt obligations that are treated under
applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest
rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life
of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to
include in our income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as deferred loan origination fees that are paid after
origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. We anticipate that a portion of our income will
continue to constitute original issue discount or other income required to be included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. 

Because any original issue discount or other amounts
accrued are included in our investment company taxable income for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to
our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received the corresponding cash
amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement. We may have to sell some of our investments at
times and/or at prices we do not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or forgo new investment opportunities
for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject
to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates. 

19 

Gain or loss realized from warrants as well as
any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will
be long-term or short-term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. 

Our investments in non-U.S. securities may be
subject to non-U.S. income, withholding and other taxes. In that case, our yield on those securities would be decreased. Stockholders
will generally not be entitled to claim a credit or deduction with respect to non-U.S. taxes paid by us. 

If we purchase shares in a passive foreign
investment company (a PFIC ), we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a portion of any excess distribution 
or gain from the disposition of such shares. Additional charges in the nature of interest may be imposed on us in respect of deferred
taxes arising from such distributions or gains. This additional tax and interest may apply even if we make a distribution in an amount
equal to any excess distribution or gain from the disposition of such shares as a taxable dividend by us to our shareholders.
If we invest in a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund (a QEF ), under the Code, in
lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in income each year a portion of the ordinary earnings and net capital
gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed to us. Alternatively, we can elect to mark-to-market at the end of each taxable
year our shares in a PFIC; in that case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares and as ordinary
loss any decrease in such value to the extent it does not exceed prior increases included in income. Under either election, we may be
required to recognize in a year income in excess of our distributions from PFICs and our proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during
that year, and such income will be taken into account for purposes of the Annual Distribution Requirement and the 4 U.S. federal excise
tax. 

If we hold more than 10 of the shares in a foreign
corporation that is treated as a controlled foreign corporation, or a CFC, we may be treated as receiving a deemed distribution
(taxable as ordinary income) each year from such foreign corporation in an amount equal to our pro rata share of the corporation s
income for the tax year (including both ordinary earnings and capital gains). If we are required to include such deemed distributions
from a CFC in its income, we will be required to distribute such income to maintain RIC tax treatment and avoid application of the 4 
U.S. federal excise tax regardless of whether or not the CFC makes an actual distribution during such year. 

Under Section 988 of the Code, gain or loss attributable
to fluctuations in exchange rates between the time we accrue income, expenses, or other liabilities denominated in a foreign currency
and the time we actually collect such income or pay such expenses or liabilities is generally treated as ordinary income or loss. Similarly,
gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts and the disposition of debt denominated in a foreign currency, to the extent attributable
to fluctuations in exchange rates between the acquisition and disposition dates, are also treated as ordinary income or loss. 

Through our use of leverage, we are subject to
certain financial covenants that could limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, under the 1940 Act, we
are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless
certain asset coverage tests are met. If we are unable to make sufficient distributions to satisfy the Annual Distribution
Requirement, we may fail to qualify as a RIC. 

Although we do not expect to do so, we are authorized
(subject to our financial covenants and 1940 Act asset coverage tests) to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy the Annual
Distribution Requirement and to eliminate or minimize our liability for U.S. federal income tax and the 4 U.S. federal excise tax.
However, our ability to dispose of assets to make distributions may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2)
other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the
Annual Distribution Requirement or to avoid the 4 U.S. federal excise tax, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an
investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 

If we fail to satisfy the Annual Distribution
Requirement or otherwise fail to qualify as a RIC in any taxable year, and certain relief provisions are not available, we will be subject
to U.S. federal income tax in that year on all of our taxable income, regardless of whether we make any distributions to our stockholders.
In that case, all of such income will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates, reducing the amount available to be distributed
to our stockholders. See Failure to Qualify as a RIC below for more information. 

As a RIC, we are not allowed to carry forward
or carry back a net operating loss for purposes of computing our investment company taxable income in other taxable years. We generally
are permitted to carry forward for an indefinite period any capital losses not used to offset capital gains. However, future transactions
that we engage in may cause our ability to use any capital loss carry forwards, and unrealized losses once realized, to be limited under
Section 382 of the Code. 

Certain of our investment practices may be subject
to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit
the allowance of certain losses or deductions; (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain and qualified dividend income into
higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income; (iii) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility
of which is more limited); (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; (v) adversely
affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur; (vi) adversely alter the characterization
of certain complex financial transactions; and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income
Test described above. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax decisions in order to mitigate the potential adverse effects
of these provisions. 

20 

As described above, to the extent that we invest
in equity securities of entities that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the effect of such investments
for purposes of the 90 Income Test and the Diversification Tests will depend on whether or not the partnership is a qualified
publicly traded partnership (as defined in the Code). If the partnership is a qualified publicly traded partnership, 
the net income derived from such investments will be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test and will be securities 
for purposes of the Diversification Tests. If the partnership, however, is not treated as a qualified publicly traded partnership, 
then the consequences of an investment in the partnership will depend upon the amount and type of income and assets of the partnership
allocable to us. The income derived from such investments may not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test and, therefore,
could adversely affect our qualification as a RIC. We intend to monitor our investments in equity securities of entities that are treated
as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes to prevent our disqualification as a RIC. 

Failure to Qualify as a RIC 

If we fail the 90 Income Test or the Diversification
Tests for any taxable year or quarter of such taxable year, we may nevertheless continue to qualify as a RIC for such year if certain
relief provisions of the Code apply (which, among other things may require us to pay certain U.S. federal income taxes or to dispose of
certain assets). If we are unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC and are unable to cure the failure, we would be subject to U.S. federal
income tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We would not be able to deduct distributions to our stockholders,
nor would they be required to be made. In the event of such a failure to qualify, distributions, including distributions of net long-term
capital gain, would generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated
earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, our corporate stockholders would be eligible to claim a dividend
received deduction with respect to such dividend; our non-corporate stockholders would generally be able to treat such dividends as qualified
dividend income, which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated
earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s adjusted tax basis, and any
remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. In order to qualify as a RIC, in addition to the other requirements discussed
above, we would be required to distribute all of our previously undistributed earnings and profits attributable to any period prior to
us becoming a RIC by the end of the first year that we intend to qualify as a RIC. To the extent that we have any net built-in gains in
our assets (i.e., the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with
respect to such assets if we had been liquidated) as of the beginning of the first year that we qualify as a RIC, we would be subject
to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on such built-in gains if and when recognized over the next five years (or shorter
applicable period). Alternatively, we may choose to recognize such built-in gains immediately prior to our qualification as a RIC. 

If we have previously qualified as a RIC, but
are subsequently unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, and certain amelioration provisions are not applicable, we would be subject
to tax on all of our taxable income (including our net capital gains) at regular corporate rates. We would not be able to deduct distributions
to our stockholders, nor would they be required to be made. Distributions, including distributions of net long-term capital gain, would
generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits.
Subject to certain limitations under the Code, our corporate stockholders would be eligible to claim a dividend received deduction with
respect to such dividend; our non-corporate stockholders would generally be able to treat such dividends as qualified dividend
income, which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings
and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions
would be treated as a capital gain. In order to requalify as a RIC, in addition to the other requirements discussed above, we would be
required to distribute all of our previously undistributed earnings attributable to the period we failed to qualify as a RIC by the end
of the first year that we intend to requalify as a RIC. If we fail to requalify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years,
we may be subject to regular corporate tax on any net built-in gains with respect to certain of our assets i.e. , the excess of
the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if we
had been liquidated) that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five years. 

21 

REGULATION 

We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under
the 1940 Act and have elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions
between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment advisors), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters
and requires that a majority of the directors of a BDC be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined
in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw
our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 

We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities
acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public
resale, be deemed an underwriter as that term is defined in the Securities Act. Our intention is to not write (sell) or
buy put or call options to manage risks associated with the publicly traded securities of our portfolio companies, except that we may
enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. However, we may purchase or otherwise
receive warrants to purchase the common stock of our portfolio companies in connection with acquisition financing or other investments.
Similarly, in connection with an acquisition, we may acquire rights to require the issuers of acquired securities or their affiliates
to repurchase them under certain circumstances. 

We also do not intend to acquire securities issued
by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Prior to January 19, 2021, except for registered money market
funds, we generally were prohibited from acquiring more than 3 of the voting stock of any registered investment company, investing more
than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company, or investing more than 10 of the value of our total
assets in the securities of more than one investment company without obtaining exemptive relief from the SEC. However, the SEC adopted
new rules, which became effective on January 19, 2021, that allow us to acquire the securities of other investment companies in excess
of the 3 , 5 , and 10 limitations without obtaining exemptive relief if we comply with certain conditions. With regard to that portion
of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders
to additional expenses. None of these policies are fundamental and may be changed to the extent permitted by law without stockholder approval. 

Qualifying
Assets 

Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any
asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, 
unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets. The principal
categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 

(a) 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer that: 

is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly-owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

satisfies either of the following: 

does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or has any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange subject to a 250 million market capitalization maximum; or 

is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC, and such BDC actually exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of the eligible portfolio company, and, as a result, the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company. 

(b) 
 Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 

(c) 
 Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident to such a private transaction, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization, or, if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(d) 
 Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity securities of the eligible portfolio company. 

(e) 
 Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(f) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities that mature in one year or less from the date of investment. 

22 

The regulations defining qualifying assets may
change over time. We may adjust our investment focus as needed to comply with and/or take advantage of any regulatory, legislative, administrative
or judicial actions in this area. Investments in the securities of companies domiciled in or with their principal places of business outside
of the United States, are not qualifying assets. In accordance with Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, we cannot invest more than 30 of our
assets in non-qualifying assets. 

MANAGERIAL ASSISTANCE TO PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 

A BDC must have been organized and have its principal
place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described
above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, a BDC must either control
the issuer of securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance. However, when
a BDC purchases securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make
available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC,
through its directors, officers, employees or agents offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel
concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company through monitoring of portfolio company
operations, selective participation in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising a portfolio company s officers
or other organizational or financial guidance. MC Advisors or its affiliates provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio
companies that request this assistance. 

TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS 

Pending investments in other types of qualifying
assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt investments
that mature in one year or less from the date of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of
our assets are qualifying assets or temporary investments. We may invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, so long as
the agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves
the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon
future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no
percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of
our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the Diversification Tests in order to
qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single
counterparty in excess of this limit. MC Advisors monitors the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase
agreement transactions. 

SENIOR SECURITIES 

We are generally permitted, under specified conditions,
to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940
Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must
make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable
asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets
for temporary purposes without regard to asset coverage. We consolidate our financial results with all of our wholly-owned subsidiaries
for financial reporting purposes and measure our compliance with the leverage test applicable to BDCs under the 1940 Act on a consolidated
basis. This provides us with increased investment flexibility but also increases our risks related to leverage. For a discussion of the
risks associated with leverage, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure Regulations governing
our operation as a BDC affect our ability to and the way in which we raise additional capital and Risk Factors Risks
Relating to Our Business and Structure We maintain a revolving credit facility and term loan credit facility and use other
borrowed funds to make investments or fund our business operations, which exposes us to risks typically associated with leverage and increases
the risk of investing in us. 

CODES OF ETHICS 

We and MC Advisors have each adopted a code of
ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities
transactions. Personnel subject to each code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that
may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. You may obtain
a copy of the code of ethics by contacting us in writing at 311 South Wacker Drive, Suite 6400, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: Investor
Relations. In addition, each code of ethics is available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. You may
also obtain copies of each code of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following e-mail address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 

23 

PROXY VOTING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 

We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility
to MC Advisors. The proxy voting policies and procedures of MC Advisors are set out below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by
MC Advisors and our directors who are not interested persons, and, accordingly, are subject to change. For purposes of these
proxy voting policies and procedures described below, we, our and us refer to MC Advisors. 

Introduction 

As an investment advisor registered under
the Advisers Act, we have a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of our clients. As part of this duty, we recognize that
we must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of our clients. 

These policies and procedures for voting proxies
for our investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 

Proxy Policies 

We vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities
in what we perceive to be the best interest of our clients stockholders. We review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted
to a stockholder vote to determine its effect on the portfolio securities held by our clients. In most cases we will vote in favor of
proposals that we believe are likely to increase the value of the portfolio securities held by our clients. Although we will generally
vote against proposals that may have a negative effect on our clients portfolio securities, we may vote for such a proposal if
there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. 

Our proxy voting decisions are made by those senior
officers who are responsible for monitoring each of our clients investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict
of interest, we require that (a) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to our chief compliance officer any potential
conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote and (b) employees
involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order
to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. Where conflicts of interest may be present, we will disclose such conflicts
to our client, including those directors who are not interested persons and we may request guidance from such persons on how to vote such
proxies for their account. 

Proxy Voting Records 

You may obtain information about how we voted
proxies for Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Monroe Capital Income
Plus Corporation, 311 South Wacker Drive, Suite 6400, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: Chief Compliance Officer, or by calling Monroe
Capital Income Plus Corporation at (312) 258-8300. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains such information. 

COMPLIANCE POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 

We and MC Advisors have adopted and implemented
written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of federal securities laws and are required to review these compliance
policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. Our chief compliance officer is responsible
for administering these policies and procedures. 

PRIVACY PRINCIPLES 

We are committed to maintaining the privacy of
our stockholders and to safeguarding their nonpublic personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand
what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select
other parties. 

We may collect nonpublic personal information
regarding investors from sources such as subscription agreements, investor questionnaires and other forms; individual investors 
account histories; and correspondence between us and individual investors. We may share information that we collect regarding an investor
with its affiliates and the employees of such affiliates for everyday business purposes, for example, to service the investor s
accounts and, unless an investor opts out, provide the investor with information about other products and services offered by us or our
affiliates that may be of interest to the investor. In addition, we may disclose information that we collect regarding investors to third
parties who are not affiliated with us (i) as authorized by the investors in investor subscription agreements or our organizational documents;
(ii) as required by applicable law or in connection with a properly authorized legal or regulatory investigation, subpoena or summons,
or to respond to judicial process or government regulatory authorities having property jurisdiction; (iii) as required to fulfill investor
instructions; or (iv) as otherwise permitted by applicable law to perform support services for investor accounts or process investor transactions
with us or our affiliates. 

24 

Any party not affiliated with us that receives
nonpublic personal information relating to investors from the Company is required to adhere to confidentiality agreements and to maintain
appropriate safeguards to protect investor information. Additionally, for officers, employees and agents of ours and our affiliates, access
to such information is restricted to those who need such access to provide services to the Company and investors. We maintain physical,
electronic and procedural safeguards to seek to guard investor nonpublic personal information. 

OTHER 

We are required to provide and maintain a bond
issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited
from protecting any director or officer against any liability to Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation or our stockholders arising from
willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 

We and MC Advisors are each required to adopt
and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of relevant federal securities laws, obtain approval
of the Board of these policies and procedures, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness
of their implementation and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 

We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from
knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our Board who are not interested persons
and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The SEC has interpreted the BDC prohibition on transactions with affiliates to prohibit
 joint transactions among entities that share a common investment advisor. The staff of the SEC has granted no-action relief
permitting purchases of a single class of privately placed securities provided that the advisor negotiates no term other than price and
certain other conditions are met. Any co-investment would be made subject to compliance with existing regulatory guidance, applicable
regulations and our allocation procedures. If opportunities arise that would otherwise be appropriate for us and for another fund advised
by MC Advisors to invest in different securities of the same issuer, MC Advisors will need to decide which fund will proceed with the
investment. Moreover, except in certain circumstances, we are unable to invest in any issuer in which another fund advised by MC Advisors
has previously invested. 

On October 15, 2014, we, along with MC Advisors
and certain other funds and accounts sponsored or managed by MC Advisors and its affiliates, received exemptive relief from the SEC that
permits us greater flexibility to negotiate the terms of co-investments if our Board determines that it would be advantageous for us to
co-invest with other accounts sponsored or managed by MC Advisors or its affiliates in a manner consistent with our investment objectives,
positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. On January 10, 2023,
we received an amendment to our existing exemptive relief order to permit us to, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, co-invest
in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates that are private funds even if such other funds had not previously invested
in such existing portfolio company. Without this amended exemptive relief, such affiliated funds that are private funds would not be able
to participate in such co-investments with us unless the affiliated funds had previously acquired securities of the portfolio company
in a co-investment transaction with us. 

POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR MANAGING CONFLICTS 

As of December 31, 2022, affiliates of MC Advisors
manage other assets in 12 closed-end funds, two small business investment companies and 20 private funds that also have an investment
strategy focused primarily on senior, unitranche and junior secured debt and to a lesser extent, unsecured subordinated debt to lower
middle-market companies. In addition, MC Advisors manages the consolidated entities of a public BDC, MRCC, and it may manage other entities
in the future with an investment focus similar to ours. To the extent that we compete with entities managed by MC Advisors or any of its
affiliates for a particular investment opportunity, MC Advisors will allocate investment opportunities across the entities for which such
opportunities are appropriate, consistent with (a) its internal conflict of interest and allocation policies, (b) the requirements of
the Advisers Act and (c) certain restrictions under the 1940 Act and rules thereunder regarding co-investments with affiliates. MC Advisors 
allocation policies are intended to ensure that we may generally share equitably with other investment funds or other investment vehicles
managed by MC Advisors or its affiliates in investment opportunities, particularly those involving a security with limited supply or involving
differing classes of securities of the same issuer that may be suitable for us and such other investment funds or other investment vehicles. 

MC Advisors and/or its affiliates may in the future
sponsor or manage investment funds, accounts, or other investment vehicles with similar or overlapping investment strategies and have
put in place a conflict-resolution policy that addresses the co-investment restrictions set forth under the 1940 Act. MC Advisors will
seek to ensure an equitable allocation of investment opportunities when we are able to invest alongside other accounts managed by MC Advisors
and its affiliates. The exemptive relief received by MC Advisors and affiliates from the SEC on October 15, 2014 permits greater flexibility
relating to co-investments, subject to certain conditions. On January 10, 2023, we received an amendment to our existing exemptive relief
order to permit us to, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, co-invest in our existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates
that are private funds even if such other funds had not previously invested in such existing portfolio company. Without this amended exemptive
relief, such affiliated funds that are private funds would not be able to participate in such co-investments with us unless the affiliated
funds had previously acquired securities of the portfolio company in a co-investment transaction with us. Under this allocation
policy, a fixed percentage of each opportunity, which may vary based on asset class and from time to time, will be offered to us and similar
eligible accounts, as periodically determined by MC Advisors and approved by our Board, including a majority of our independent directors.
The allocation policy provides that allocations among us and other accounts will generally be made pro rata based on each account s
capital available for investment, as determined, in our case, by our Board, including a majority of our independent directors. It is our
policy to base our determinations as to the amount of capital available for investment on such factors as the amount of cash on hand,
existing commitments and reserves, if any, the targeted leverage level, the targeted asset mix and diversification requirements and other
investment policies and restrictions set by our Board, or imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. We expect
that these determinations will be made similarly for other accounts. In situations where co-investment with other entities sponsored or
managed by MC Advisors or its affiliates is not permitted or appropriate, such as when there is an opportunity to invest in different
securities of the same issuer, MC Advisors will need to decide whether we or such other entity or entities will proceed with the investment.
MC Advisors will make these determinations based on its policies and procedures that will generally require that such opportunities be
offered to eligible accounts on a basis that is fair and equitable over time. 

25 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 

We intend to make this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
as well as our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, publicly available free of charge as soon as reasonably possible following our
filing of such reports with the SEC. You may also obtain such information by contacting us in writing at 311 South Wacker Drive, Suite
6400, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: Investor Relations. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov . 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our securities involves a number
of significant risks. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to
us or not presently deemed material by us may also impair our operations and performance. If any of the following events occurs, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
In addition, there will be occasions when MC Advisors and its affiliates may encounter potential conflicts of interest in connection with
the Company. 

Summary Risk Factors 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 

We depend upon MC Advisors senior management for our success, and upon its access to the investment professionals of Monroe Capital and its affiliates. 

Our business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships with financial institutions, sponsors and investment professionals. Any inability of MC Advisors to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 

There may be conflicts related to obligations that MC Advisors senior investment professionals and members of its investment committee have to other clients. 

Our management and incentive fee structure may create incentives for MC Advisors that are not fully aligned with the interests of our stockholders. 

Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted, which may limit the scope of investments available to us. 

We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 

We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates if
we are unable to qualify or maintain qualification as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 

An extended disruption in the capital markets and the credit markets could negatively affect us and our portfolio companies. 

Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to and the way in which we raise additional capital. 

We maintain a revolving credit facility and term loan credit facility and may use other borrowed funds to make investments or fund our business operations, which exposes us to risks typically associated with leverage and increases the risk of investing in us. 

26 

The interest rates of our revolving and term loan credit facilities
and loans to our portfolio companies that extend beyond 2023 might be subject to change based on recent regulatory changes. 

We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 

Many of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our Valuation Designee and, as a result, there may be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 

Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy. 

Our Board may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse. 

We are
currently operating in a period of capital markets disruption and economic uncertainty could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

The failure in cyber security systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management continuity planning, could impair our ability to conduct business effectively. 

Risks Related to Our Investments 

Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 

Inflation may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 

Our portfolio companies consists primarily of lower middle-market, privately owned companies, which may present a greater risk of loss than loans to larger companies. 

We may be subject to risks associated with our investments in senior loans, junior debt securities, covenant-lite loans, unitranche secured loans and securities, bank loans, and securitized products. 

The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 

Price declines and illiquidity in the corporate debt markets may adversely
affect the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing our net asset value through increased net unrealized losses. 

Our portfolio companies may prepay loans, which prepayment may reduce stated yields if capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 

Our portfolio may be exposed in part to one or more specific industries, which may subject us to a risk of significant loss in a particular investment or investments if there is a downturn in that particular industry. 

Because we do not hold controlling equity interests in the majority of our portfolio companies, we may not be able to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies, which could decrease the value of our investments. 

Defaults by our portfolio companies will harm our operating results. 

Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 

Investments in securities of foreign companies, if any, may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. 

27 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 

There is currently no public market for our stock, and the liquidity of your investment is limited. 

Although we adopted a share repurchase program, we have discretion to not repurchase your shares,
 to suspend the program, and to cease repurchases. 

The timing of our repurchase offers pursuant to our share repurchase program may be at a time that is disadvantageous to our stockholders. 

We may not be able to pay distributions, our distributions may not grow over time and/or a portion of our distributions may be a return of capital. 

We may choose to pay a portion of our dividends in our own stock, in which case you may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash you receive. 

We may defer dividends to a subsequent taxable year. 

For any period that we do not qualify as a publicly offered regulated investment company, as defined in the Code, stockholders will be taxed as though they received a distribution of some of our expenses. 

Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter and bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 

We depend upon MC Advisors senior
management for our success, and upon its access to the investment professionals of Monroe Capital and its affiliates. 

We do not have any internal management capacity
or employees. We depend on the investment expertise, skill and network of business contacts of the senior investment professionals of
MC Advisors, who evaluate, negotiate, structure, execute, monitor and service our investments in accordance with the terms of the Investment
Advisory Agreement. Our success depends to a significant extent on the continued service and coordination of the senior investment professionals
of MC Advisors, particularly Messrs. Koenig, Solimene Jr. and Egan who comprise the Company s investment committee. These
individuals may have other demands on their time now and in the future, and we cannot assure you that they will continue to be actively
involved in our management. Each of these individuals is an employee of MC Management and is not subject to an employment contract. The
departure of any of these individuals or competing demands on their time in the future could have a material adverse effect on our ability
to achieve our investment objective. 

MC Advisors evaluates, negotiates, structures,
closes and monitors our investments in accordance with the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement. We can offer no assurance, however,
that MC Advisors senior investment professionals will continue to provide investment advice to us. If these individuals do not
maintain their existing relationships with Monroe Capital and its affiliates and do not develop new relationships with other sources of
investment opportunities, we may not be able to grow our investment portfolio or achieve our investment objective. In addition, individuals
with whom Monroe Capital s senior investment professionals have relationships are not obligated to provide us with investment opportunities.
Therefore, we can offer no assurance that such relationships will generate investment opportunities for us. 

MC Advisors, an affiliate of Monroe Capital, provides
us with access to Monroe Capital s investment professionals. MC Advisors also depends upon Monroe Capital to obtain access to deal
flow generated by the investment professionals of Monroe Capital and its affiliates. The Staffing Agreement provides that MC Management
will make available to MC Advisors experienced investment professionals and access to the senior investment personnel of Monroe Capital
for purposes of evaluating, negotiating, structuring, closing and monitoring our investments. We are not a party to this Staffing Agreement
and cannot assure you that MC Management will continue to fulfill its obligations under the agreement. Furthermore, the Staffing Agreement
may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. If MC Management fails to perform
or terminates the agreement, we cannot assure you that MC Advisors will enforce the Staffing Agreement or that such agreement will not
be terminated by either party or that we will continue to have access to the investment professionals of Monroe Capital and its affiliates
or their information and deal flow. 

The investment committee that oversees our investment
activities is provided by MC Advisors under the Investment Advisory Agreement. The loss of any member of MC Advisors investment
committee or of other Monroe Capital senior investment professionals would limit our ability to achieve our investment objective and operate
as we anticipate. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

28 

Our business model depends to a significant
extent upon strong referral relationships with financial institutions, sponsors and investment professionals. Any inability of MC Advisors
to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely
affect our business. 

We depend upon the senior investment professionals
of MC Advisors to maintain their relationships with financial institutions, sponsors and investment professionals, and we rely to a significant
extent upon these relationships to provide us with potential investment opportunities. If the senior investment professionals of MC Advisors
fail to maintain such relationships, or to develop new relationships with other sources of investment opportunities, we will not be able
to grow our investment portfolio. In addition, individuals with whom the senior investment professionals of MC Advisors have relationships
are not obligated to provide us with investment opportunities, and, therefore, we can offer no assurance that these relationships will
generate investment opportunities for us in the future. 

Our financial condition and results of operations
depend on our ability to manage our business effectively. 

Our ability to achieve our investment objective
and grow depends on our ability to manage our business. This depends, in turn, on MC Advisors ability to identify, invest in and
monitor companies that meet our investment criteria. The achievement of our investment objectives depends upon MC Advisors execution
of our investment process, its ability to provide competent, attentive and efficient services to us and, to a lesser extent, our access
to financing on acceptable terms. MC Advisors has substantial responsibilities under the Investment Advisory Agreement. The senior origination
professionals and other personnel of MC Advisors and its affiliates may be called upon to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio
companies. These activities may distract them or slow our rate of investment. Any failure to manage our business and our future growth
effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our results
of operations depend on many factors, including the availability of opportunities for investment, readily accessible short and long-term
funding alternatives in the financial markets and economic conditions. Furthermore, if we cannot successfully operate our business or
implement our investment policies and strategies, it could negatively impact our ability to pay dividends or other distributions and you
may lose all or part of your investment. 

There may be conflicts related to obligations that MC Advisors 
senior investment professionals and members of its investment committee have to other clients. 

The senior investment professionals and members
of the investment committee of MC Advisors serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same
or a related line of business as we do, or of investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles sponsored or managed by MC Advisors
or its affiliates. In serving in these multiple capacities, they may have obligations to other clients or investors in those entities,
the fulfillment of which may not be in our best interests or in the best interest of our stockholders. For example, Messrs. Koenig, Solimene
Jr. and Egan, who comprise the Company s investment committee, have and will continue to have management responsibilities for other
investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles sponsored or managed by affiliates of MC Advisors. In serving in these multiple
capacities, they may have obligations to other clients or investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which may not be in the best
interests of us or our stockholders. MC Advisors seeks to allocate investment opportunities among eligible accounts in a manner that is
fair and equitable over time and consistent with its allocation policy. 

As of December 31, 2022, MC Advisors manages other
assets in MRCC, and affiliates of MC Advisors manage other assets in 12 closed-end funds, two small business investment companies and
20 private funds that also have an investment strategy focused primarily on senior, unitranche and junior secured debt and, to a lesser
extent, unsecured subordinated debt to lower middle-market companies. In addition, MC Advisors and/or its affiliates may manage other
entities in the future with an investment strategy that has the same or similar focus as ours. 

Monroe Capital and its affiliates seek to allocate
investment opportunities among the participating funds, including us, in proportion to the relative amounts of capital available for new
investments, taking into account such factors as Monroe Capital may determine appropriate, including, without limitation, investment objectives,
legal or regulatory restrictions, current holdings, availability of capital for investment, immediately available cash, the size of investments
generally, risk return considerations, relative exposure to market trends, maintenance of targeted leverage level, targeted asset mix,
target investment return, diversification requirements, strategic objectives, specific liquidity requirements, tax consequences, limitations
and restrictions on a fund s portfolio that are imposed by such fund s governing board or documents, or other considerations
or factors that Monroe Capital deems necessary or appropriate in light of the circumstances at such time (collectively, the Allocation
Criteria ). We expect that Monroe Capital will follow the Allocation Criteria with respect to all of its funds under management,
including us. 

In situations where co-investment with other entities
sponsored or managed by MC Advisors or its affiliates is not permitted or appropriate, such as when there is an opportunity to invest
in securities of the same issuer that have different priorities or liens, MC Advisors will need to decide whether we or such other entity
or entities will proceed with the investment. MC Advisors will make these determinations based on its policies and procedures that require
that such opportunities be offered to eligible accounts on a basis that is fair and equitable over time. However, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to participate in all investment opportunities that are suitable to us. 

29 

MC Advisors or its investment committee
may, from time to time, possess material nonpublic information, limiting our investment discretion. 

The managing members and the senior origination
professionals of MC Advisors and the senior professionals and members of MC Advisors investment committee may serve as directors
of, or in a similar capacity with, companies in which we invest, the securities of which are purchased or sold on our behalf. In the event
that material nonpublic information is obtained with respect to such companies, or we become subject to trading restrictions under the
internal trading policies of those companies or as a result of applicable law or regulations, we could be prohibited for a period of time
from purchasing or selling the securities of such companies, and this prohibition may have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our management and incentive fee structure
may create incentives for MC Advisors that are not fully aligned with the interests of our stockholders. 

In the course of our investing activities, we
pay management and incentive fees to MC Advisors. Management fees are based on our total assets (which include assets financed using leverage).
As a result, investors in our common stock invest on a gross basis and receive distributions on a net basis
after expenses, resulting in a lower rate of return than one might achieve through direct investments. Because these fees are based on
our total assets, including assets financed using leverage, MC Advisors benefits when we incur debt or otherwise use leverage. This fee
structure may encourage MC Advisors to cause us to borrow money to finance additional investments or to maintain leverage when it would
otherwise be appropriate to pay off our indebtedness. Under certain circumstances, the use of borrowed money may increase the likelihood
of default, which would disfavor our stockholders. Our Board is charged with protecting our interests by monitoring how MC Advisors addresses
these and other conflicts of interest associated with its management services and compensation. While our Board is not expected to review
or approve each investment, our independent directors periodically review MC Advisors services and fees as well as its portfolio
management decisions and portfolio performance. In connection with these reviews, our independent directors consider whether our fees
and expenses (including those related to leverage) remain appropriate. As a result of this arrangement, MC Advisors or its affiliates
may from time to time have interests that differ from those of our stockholders, giving rise to a conflict. 

The part of the incentive fee payable to MC Advisors
that relates to our net investment income is computed and paid on income that may include interest income that has been accrued but not
yet received in cash. This fee structure may be considered to involve a conflict of interest for MC Advisors to the extent that it may
encourage MC Advisors to favor debt financings that provide for deferred interest, rather than current cash payments of interest. MC Advisors
may have an incentive to invest in PIK interest securities in circumstances where it would not have done so but for the opportunity to
continue to earn the incentive fee even when the issuers of the deferred interest securities would not be able to make actual cash payments
to us on such securities. This risk could be increased because MC Advisors is not obligated to reimburse us for any incentive fees received
even if we subsequently incur losses or never receive in cash the deferred income that was previously accrued. In addition, the part of
the incentive fee payable to MC Advisors that relates to our net investment income generally does not include any realized capital gains
or losses or unrealized capital gains or losses. Any net investment income incentive fee would not be subject to repayment. 

Our incentive fee may induce MC Advisors
to make certain investments, including speculative investments. 

MC Advisors receives an incentive fee based, in
part, upon net capital gains realized on our investments. Unlike that portion of the incentive fee based on income, there is no hurdle
rate applicable to the portion of the incentive fee based on net capital gains. As a result, MC Advisors may have a tendency to invest
more capital in investments that are likely to result in capital gains as compared to income producing securities. Such a practice could
result in our investing in more speculative securities than would otherwise be the case, which could result in higher investment losses,
particularly during economic downturns. 

The Investment Advisory Agreement with MC
Advisors and the Administration Agreement with MC Management were not negotiated on an arm s length basis and may not be as favorable
to us as if they had been negotiated with an unaffiliated third-party. 

We negotiated the Investment Advisory Agreement
and the Administration Agreement with related parties. Consequently, their terms, including fees payable to MC Advisors, may not be as
favorable to us as if they had been negotiated with an unaffiliated third-party. In addition, we may choose not to enforce, or to enforce
less vigorously, our rights and remedies under these agreements because of our desire to maintain our ongoing relationship with MC Advisors
and MC Management. Any such decision, however, would breach our fiduciary obligations to our stockholders. 

30 

Our ability to enter into transactions with
our affiliates is restricted, which may limit the scope of investments available to us. 

We are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating
in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. Any
person that owns, directly or indirectly, five percent or more of our outstanding voting securities is our affiliate for purposes of the
1940 Act, and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such affiliate, absent the prior approval of
our independent directors. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain of our affiliates, which
could include investments in the same portfolio company, without prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, of the
SEC. We are prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to any person who owns more than 25 of our voting securities or certain
of that person s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the
SEC. As a result of these restrictions, we may be prohibited from buying or selling any security (other than any security of which we
are the issuer) from or to any portfolio company of a private equity fund managed by MC Advisors or its affiliates without the prior approval
of the SEC, which may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. 

We may, however, co-invest with MC Advisors
and its affiliates other clients in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with applicable law and SEC staff
interpretations. For example, we may co-invest with such accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the SEC staff permitting
us and such other accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are
met, including that MC Advisors, acting on our behalf and on behalf of other clients, negotiates no term other than price. We may
also co-invest with MC Advisors affiliates other clients as otherwise permissible under regulatory guidance,
applicable regulations, exemptive relief granted to MC Advisors and our affiliates by the SEC on October 15, 2014, as amended on
January 10, 2023, and MC Advisors allocation policy, which the investment committee of MC Advisors maintains in writing. The
allocation policy further provides that allocations among us and these other funds are generally made in proportion to the relative
amounts of capital available for new investments taking into account the Allocation Criteria. We expect that Monroe Capital will
follow the Allocation Criteria with respect to all of its funds under management, including us. However, we can offer no assurance
that investment opportunities will be allocated to us fairly or equitably in the short-term or over time. 

In situations where co-investment with other entities
sponsored or managed by MC Advisors or its affiliates is not permitted or appropriate, such as when there is an opportunity to invest
in securities of the same issuer that have different priorities or liens, MC Advisors will need to decide whether we or such other entity
or entities will proceed with the investment. MC Advisors will make these determinations based on its policies and procedures that require
that such opportunities be offered to eligible accounts on a basis that is fair and equitable over time. Moreover, except in certain circumstances,
we are unable to invest in any issuer in which a fund managed by MC Advisors or its affiliates has previously invested. Similar restrictions
limit our ability to transact business with our officers or directors or their affiliates. 

We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from
knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of the majority of the members of our Board
who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The SEC has interpreted the BDC regulations governing transactions
with affiliates to prohibit certain joint transactions between entities that share a common investment adviser. 

We operate in a highly competitive market
for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 

We compete with a number of specialty and commercial
finance companies to make the types of investments that we make in middle-market companies, including BDCs, traditional commercial banks,
private investment funds, regional banking institutions, small business investment companies, investment banks and insurance companies.
Additionally, with increased competition for investment opportunities, alternative investment vehicles such as hedge funds may seek to
invest in areas they have not traditionally invested in or from which they had withdrawn during the economic downturn, including investing
in middle-market companies. As a result, competition for investments in lower middle-market companies has intensified, and we expect that
trend to continue. Many of our existing and potential competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical
and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are
not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow
them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. These characteristics could allow our competitors
to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we
offer. We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. If we are forced to
match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, however, we may not be able to achieve acceptable returns on our investments
or may bear substantial risk of capital loss. A significant part of our competitive advantage stems from the fact that the lower middle-market
is underserved by traditional commercial and investment banks, and generally has less access to capital. A significant increase in the
number and/or the size of our competitors in this target market could force us to accept less attractive investment terms. 

Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject
to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or the source of income, asset diversification and distribution
requirements we must satisfy to maintain our RIC status. The competitive pressures we face may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment
opportunities from time to time, and we may not be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective. 

31 

We will be subject to U.S. federal income
tax at corporate rates if we are unable to qualify or maintain qualification as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 

We
have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, have qualified and intend to continue to qualify to be treated as
a RIC; however, no assurance can be given that we will be able to continue to qualify for and maintain RIC status. To receive RIC tax
treatment under the Code, we must meet certain requirements, including source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution
requirements. The annual distribution requirement applicable to RICs is satisfied if we distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income
and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders on an annual basis. In addition,
we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax to the extent that we do not satisfy certain additional minimum distribution
requirements on a calendar year basis. To the extent we use debt financing, we will be subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements
under the 1940 Act and may be subject to financial covenants under loan and credit agreements, each of which could, under certain circumstances,
restrict us from making annual distributions necessary to receive RIC tax treatment. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources,
we may fail to be taxed as a RIC and, thus, may be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on our entire taxable income
without regard to any distributions made by us. In order to be taxed as a RIC, we must also meet certain asset diversification requirements
at the end of each calendar quarter. Failure to meet these tests may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in
order to prevent the loss of RIC status. Because most of our investments are in private or thinly traded public companies, any such dispositions
could be made at disadvantageous prices and may result in substantial losses. If we fail to be taxed as a RIC for any reason and become
subject to corporate U.S. federal income tax, the resulting U.S. federal income taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount
of income available for distributions to stockholders and the amount of our distributions and the amount of funds available for new investments.
Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. 

An extended disruption in the capital markets and the credit
markets could negatively affect us and our portfolio companies. 

As a BDC, it is necessary for us to maintain our ability to raise additional
capital for investment purposes. Without sufficient access to the private capital markets or credit markets, we may be forced to curtail
our business operations or we may not be able to pursue new business opportunities. The private capital markets and the credit markets
have experienced periods of extreme volatility and disruption and, accordingly, there has been and may in the future be uncertainty in
the financial markets in general. Ongoing disruptive conditions in the financial industry, including the bankruptcy of, the acquisition
of, or government intervention in the affairs of financial institutions, and the impact of new legislation in response to those conditions
could restrict our business operations or the business operations of our portfolio companies and could adversely impact our results of
operations and financial condition or results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 

We may need additional capital to fund new investments
and grow our portfolio of investments. As such, we are offering our common stock in a continuous private offering pursuant to an exemption
from registration under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and have entered into several forms of leverage in
order to obtain such additional capital. Unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital
markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. A reduction in the availability of new capital could limit our
ability to pursue new business opportunities and grow our business. In addition, we are required to distribute at least 90 of our net
ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders to qualify for
the tax benefits available to RICs. As a result, these earnings will not be available to fund new investments. An inability to access
the capital markets successfully could limit our ability to grow our business and execute our business strategy fully and could decrease
our earnings, if any, which may have an adverse effect on the value of our securities. While most of our investments are not publicly
traded, applicable accounting standards require us to assume as part of our valuation process that our investments are sold in a principal
market-to-market participants (even if we plan on holding an investment through its maturity). As a result, volatility in the capital
markets can adversely affect our investment valuations. Further, the illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell
such investments if required and to value such investments. As a result, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we
will have recorded our investments. 

We could raise capital through other channels. 

The Board may determine to raise additional capital
through other channels, including through additional private offerings, public offerings or a liquidity event. Capital raised through
other channels could subject us to additional regulatory requirements. These additional provisions could, among other things, affect our
stockholders and limit the ability of the Company and MC Advisors to take certain actions. In addition, if capital is raised through
other channels, we would have to use financial and other resources to file any required registration statements and to comply with any
additional regulatory requirements. For example, we have submitted an application to the SEC requesting exemptive relief that would permit
us to offer multiple classes of common stock that may have varying sales loads and asset-based service and/or distribution fees. To the
extent we receive such relief and offer multiple class of shares, we will be subject to additional regulatory requirements and will incur
additional costs related to such additional regulatory requirements. No assurances can be given that we will receive such requested exemptive
relief. 

32 

We may have difficulty paying our required
distributions if we recognize income before, or without, receiving cash representing such income. 

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we include
in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as original issue discount, or through contracted PIK interest,
which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan term. Original issue discount, which could
be significant relative to our overall investment activities, or increases in loan balances as a result of contracted PIK arrangements,
are included in income before we receive the corresponding cash payments. We also may be required to include in income certain other amounts
that we do not receive in cash. 

That part of the incentive fee payable by us that
relates to our net investment income is computed and paid on income that may include interest that has been accrued but not yet received
in cash, such as original issue discount and PIK interest. If we pay a net investment income incentive fee on interest that has been accrued,
but not yet received in cash, it will increase the basis of our investment in that loan, which will reduce the capital gain incentive
fee that we would otherwise pay in the future. Nevertheless, if we pay a net investment income incentive fee on interest that has been
accrued but not yet received, and if that portfolio company defaults on such a loan, it is possible that accrued interest previously included
in the calculation of the incentive fee will become uncollectible. 

Because we may recognize income before or without
receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirements applicable to RICs. In such a case, we may have
to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital
or reduce new investment originations and sourcings to meet these distribution requirements. If we are not able to obtain such cash from
other sources, we may fail to qualify for the tax benefits available to RICs and thus be subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate
rates. 

Regulations governing our operation as a
BDC affect our ability to and the way in which we raise additional capital. 

We may issue debt securities or preferred stock
and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as senior securities, up
to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted as a BDC to issue senior securities
in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 of total assets less all liabilities and
indebtedness not represented by senior securities, immediately after each issuance of senior securities. If the value of our assets declines,
we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that happens, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the
nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. This could have a material
adverse effect on our operations and we may not be able to make distributions in an amount sufficient to be subject to taxation as a RIC,
or at all. In addition, issuance of securities could dilute the percentage ownership of our current stockholders in us. 

No person
or entity from which we borrow money will have a veto power or a vote in approving or changing any of our fundamental policies. If we
issue preferred stock, the preferred stock would rank senior to common stock in our capital structure, preferred stockholders
would have separate voting rights on certain matters and might have other rights, preferences or privileges more favorable than those
of our common stockholders, and the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction
or a change of control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in your best interest. Holders
of our common stock will directly or indirectly bear all of the costs associated with offering and servicing any preferred stock that
we issue. In addition, any interests of preferred stockholders may not necessarily align with the interests of holders of our common stock
and the rights of holders of shares of preferred stock to receive dividends would be senior to those of holders of shares of our common
stock. 

As a BDC, we generally are not able to issue our
common stock at a price below net asset value per share without first obtaining the approval of our stockholders and our independent directors.
If we raise additional funds by issuing more common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock,
then percentage ownership of our stockholders at that time would decrease, and stockholders might experience dilution. We may seek stockholder
approval to sell shares below net asset value in the future. 

The Russian invasion of Ukraine may have a material adverse impact
on us and our portfolio companies. 

On February 24, 2022, the President of Russia,
Vladimir Putin, announced a military invasion of Ukraine. In response, countries worldwide, including the United States, have imposed
sanctions against Russia on certain businesses and individuals, including, but not limited to, those in the banking, import and export
sectors. This invasion has led, is currently leading, and for an unknown period of time will continue to lead to disruptions in local,
regional, national, and global markets and economies affected thereby. These disruptions caused by the invasion have included, and may
continue to include, political, social, and economic disruptions and uncertainties that may affect our business operations or the business
operations of our portfolio companies. 

33 

The 1940 Act allows us to incur additional
leverage, which could increase the risk of investing in us. 

The 1940 Act generally prohibits us from incurring
indebtedness unless immediately after such borrowing we have an asset coverage for total borrowings of at least 150 (i.e., the amount
of our debt may not exceed 66.7 of the value of our total assets), if certain requirements are met, including approval by our Board and
stockholders. 

Our Board and MC Advisors, our initial stockholder,
approved a proposal to adopt an asset coverage ratio of 150 in connection with our organization. Incurring additional indebtedness could
increase the risk of investing in us. 

Leverage is generally considered a speculative
investment technique and may increase the risk of investing in our securities. Leverage magnifies the potential for loss on investments
in our indebtedness and on invested equity capital. As we use leverage to partially finance our investments, you will experience increased
risks of investing in our securities. If the value of our assets increases, then leveraging would cause the net asset value attributable
to our common stock to increase more sharply than it would have had we not leveraged. Conversely, if the value of our assets decreases,
leveraging would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged our business. Similarly,
any increase in our income in excess of interest payable on the borrowed funds would cause our net investment income to increase more
than it would without the leverage, while any decrease in our income would cause net investment income to decline more sharply than it
would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline could negatively affect our ability to pay distributions, scheduled debt payments or other
payments related to our securities. The effects of leverage would cause any decrease in net asset value for any losses to be greater than
any increase in net asset value for any corresponding gains. If we incur additional leverage, stockholders will experience increased risks
of investing in our common stock. 

We
maintain a revolving credit facility and term loan credit facility and use other borrowed funds to make investments
or fund our business operations, which exposes us to risks typically associated with leverage and increases the risk of investing in
us. 

We
maintain a revolving credit facility and term loan credit facility and use other borrowed funds and may borrow additional
money, which is generally considered a speculative investment technique. As a result: 

our common stock is exposed to an increased risk of loss because a decrease in the value of our investments would have a greater negative impact on the value of our common stock than if we did not use leverage; 

if we do not appropriately match the assets and liabilities of our business, adverse changes in interest rates could reduce or eliminate the incremental income we make with the proceeds of any leverage; 

our ability to pay distributions on our common stock may be restricted if our asset coverage ratio, as provided in the 1940 Act, is not at least 150 and any amounts used to service indebtedness would not be available for such distributions; 

any credit facility is subject to periodic renewal by its lenders, whose continued participation cannot be guaranteed; 

our revolving credit facility and term loan credit facility with KeyBank National Association, as agent, is, and any other credit facility
we may enter into would be, subject to various financial and operating covenants; and 

we bear the cost of issuing and paying interest on the revolving credit facility and term loan credit facility, which costs are entirely
borne by our common stockholders. 

The following table illustrates the effect of
leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming various annual returns, net of expenses. The calculations in the table
below are hypothetical and actual returns may be higher or lower than those appearing in the table below. 

Assumed Return on Our Portfolio 
(Net of Expenses) (1) 

-10 

-5 

0 

5 

10 

Corresponding return to common stockholder (2)(3) 

-26.52 

-16.29 

-6.06 

4.17 

14.40 

(1) 
 The assumed return on our portfolio is required by regulation of the SEC to assist investors in understanding the effects of leverage and is not a prediction of, and does not represent, our projected or actual performance. 

(2) 
 Assumes 1.5 billion in total assets, 789.7 million in debt outstanding, of which 763.4 million is senior securities outstanding, 754.9 million in net assets and an average cost of funds of 5.79 , which was the weighted average interest rate of borrowings on our revolving credit facility, term loan credit facility, and ABS Notes as of December 31, 2022. The interest rates on our revolving credit facility and term loan credit facility are variable rates. Actual interest payments may be different. 

(3) 
 In order for us to cover our annual interest payments on indebtedness, we must achieve annual returns on our December 31, 2022 total portfolio assets of at least 2.96 . 

34 

Provisions in our credit facilities may limit discretion. 

At our discretion, we utilize the leverage available
under our credit facilities for investment and operating purposes. Additionally, we may in the future enter into additional credit
facilities. To the extent we continue to borrow money to make investments, such underlying credit facility may be backed by all or a portion
of our loans and securities on which the lenders will have a security interest. We may pledge up to 100 of our assets and may grant a
security interest in all of our assets under the terms of any debt instrument we enter into with lenders. We expect that any security
interests we grant will be set forth in a pledge and security agreement and evidenced by the filing of financing statements by the agent
for the lenders. In addition, we expect that the custodian for our securities serving as collateral for such loan would include in its
electronic systems notices indicating the existence of such security interests and, following notice of occurrence of an event of default,
if any, and during its continuance, will only accept transfer instructions with respect to any such securities from the lender or its
designee. If we were to default under the terms of any debt instrument, the agent for the applicable lenders would be able to assume control
of the timing of disposition of any or all of our assets securing such debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, any security interests and/or negative
covenants required by a credit facility may limit our ability to create liens on assets to secure additional debt and may make it difficult
for us to restructure or refinance indebtedness at or prior to maturity or obtain additional debt or equity financing. In addition, if
our borrowing base under a credit facility were to decrease, we may be required to secure additional assets in an amount sufficient to
cure any borrowing base deficiency. In the event that all of our assets are secured at the time of such a borrowing base deficiency, we
could be required to repay advances under a credit facility or make deposits to a collection account, either of which could have a material
adverse impact on our ability to fund future investments and to make distributions. 

In addition, we may be subject to limitations
as to how borrowed funds may be used, which may include restrictions on geographic and industry concentrations, loan size, payment frequency
and status, average life, collateral interests and investment ratings, as well as regulatory restrictions on leverage, which may affect
the amount of funding that may be obtained. There may also be certain requirements relating to portfolio performance, including required
minimum portfolio yield and limitations on delinquencies and charge-offs, a violation of which could limit further advances and, in some
cases, result in an event of default. An event of default under a credit facility could result in an accelerated maturity date for all
amounts outstanding thereunder, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. This could reduce
our liquidity and cash flow and impair our ability to grow our business. 

A substantial amount of our assets are subject to security interests
under our revolving and term loan credit facilities and if we default on our obligations under such facility, we may
suffer adverse consequences, including foreclosure on our assets. 

As of December 31, 2022, a substantial portion of
our assets were held in MC Income Plus Financing SPV, LLC (the SPV and MC Income Plus Financing SPV II, LLC (the SPV
II ), our wholly owned subsidiaries, and were pledged as collateral under our revolving and term loan credit facilities. If we default
on our obligations under these facilities, the lenders may have the right to foreclose upon and sell, or otherwise transfer,
the collateral subject to their security interests or their superior claim. In such event, we may be forced to sell our investments to
raise funds to repay our outstanding borrowings in order to avoid foreclosure and these forced sales may be at times and at prices we
would not consider advantageous. Moreover, such deleveraging of our company could significantly impair our ability to effectively operate
our business in the manner in which we have historically operated. As a result, we could be forced to curtail or cease new investment
activities and lower or eliminate the distributions that we have historically paid to our stockholders. 

In addition, if the lenders exercise their right
to sell the assets pledged under our revolving and term loan credit facilities, such sales may be completed at distressed sale prices,
thereby diminishing or potentially eliminating the amount of cash available to us after repayment of the amounts outstanding under the
credit facilities. 

We are subject to certain risks in connection with securitization
transactions. 

In addition to issuing securities to raise capital,
we entered into a securitization transaction and we may enter into additional securitization transactions to generate cash for funding
new investments. To securitize loans, we may create a wholly-owned subsidiary, contribute a pool of loans to the subsidiary and have the
subsidiary issue primarily investment grade debt securities to purchasers who we would expect to be willing to accept a substantially
lower interest rate than the loans earn. Even though we expect the pool of loans that we contribute to any such securitization vehicle
to be rated below investment grade, because the securitization vehicle s portfolio of loans would secure all of the debt issued
by such vehicle, a portion of such debt may be rated investment grade, subject in each case to market conditions that may require such
portion of the debt to be over collateralized and various other restrictions. If applicable accounting pronouncements or SEC staff guidance
require us to consolidate the securitization vehicle s financial statements with our financial statements, any debt issued by it
would be generally treated as if it were issued by us for purposes of the asset coverage ratio applicable to us. In such case, we would
expect to retain all or a portion of the equity and/or subordinated notes in the securitization vehicle. Our retained equity would be
exposed to any losses on the portfolio of loans before any of the debt securities would be exposed to such losses. Accordingly, if the
pool of loans experienced a low level of losses due to defaults, we would earn an incremental amount of income on our retained equity,
but we would be exposed, up to the amount of equity we retained, to that proportion of any losses we would have experienced if we had
continued to hold the loans in our portfolio. We would have no direct ability to enforce the payment obligations on the loans contributed
to the securitization vehicle. We may hold subordinated debentures in any such securitization vehicle and, if so, we would not consider
such securities to be senior securities. An inability to successfully securitize our loan portfolio could limit our ability to grow our
business and fully execute our business strategy and adversely affect our earnings, if any. Moreover, the successful securitization of
a portion of our loan portfolio might expose us to losses as the residual loans in which we do not sell interests will tend to be those
that are riskier and less liquid. Any fee payable under any servicing or collateral management agreement in respect of the securitization
would be offset in an amount equal to the base management fee payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 

As part of the securitization transaction, we would
likely enter into an agreement under which we would be required to repurchase any loan (or participation interest therein) which was sold
to the securitization vehicle in breach of any representation or warranty made by us with respect to such loan on the date such loan was
sold. 

The structure of a securitization transaction is
intended to prevent, in the event of our bankruptcy, the consolidation of the securitization vehicle with our operations. If the true
sale of these assets were not respected in the event of our insolvency, a trustee or debtor-in-possession might reclaim the assets of
the securitization vehicle for our estate. However, in doing so, we would become directly liable for all of the indebtedness then outstanding
under the securitization transaction, which would equal the full amount of debt of the securitization vehicle reflected on our consolidated
balance sheet. 

Recourse to us by the securitization vehicle would
be limited and generally consistent with the terms of other similarly structured finance transactions. In a securitization transaction,
we would sell and/or contribute to the securitization vehicle all of our ownership interest in certain of our portfolio loans and participations
for the purchase price and other consideration set forth in the securitization agreement. This transfer would be structured by its terms
to provide limited recourse to us by the securitization vehicle relating to certain representations and warranties with respect to certain
characteristics including title and quality of the portfolio loans that were transferred to the securitization vehicle. If we breached
these representations and warranties and such breach materially and adversely affected the value of the portfolio loans or the interests
of holders of notes issued by the securitization vehicle, then we could be required to (a) cure such breach in all material respects,
(b) repurchase the portfolio loan or loans subject to such breach or (c) remove the portfolio loan or loans subject to such breach from
the pool of loans and other assets held by the securitization vehicle and substitute a portfolio loan or loans that meet the requirements
of the securitization documents. This repurchase and substitution obligation of us would constitute the sole remedy available against
us for any breach of a representation or warranty related to the portfolio loans transferred to the securitization vehicle. 

To 
 the extent we continue to use debt to finance our investments, changes in interest rates will affect our cost of capital and net
investment income. 

To the extent we borrow money to make investments,
our net investment income depends, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest
those funds. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse
effect on our net investment income in the event we use debt to finance our investments. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost
of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income. We expect that our long-term fixed-rate investments will be financed
primarily with issuances of equity and long-term debt securities. We may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to
limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Such techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent permitted
by the 1940 Act. 

You should also be aware that a rise in the general
level of interest rates typically leads to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest
rates may result in an increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to MC Advisors. 

35 

The interest rates of our revolving and term loan credit facilities
and loans to our portfolio companies that extend beyond 2023 might be subject to change based on recent regulatory changes, including
the discontinuation of LIBOR. 

The London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ),
is the basic rate of interest used in lending transactions between banks on the London interbank market and has been widely used as a
reference for setting the interest rate on loans globally. In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority announced its intention to cease
sustaining the LIBOR, by the end of 2021. As of January 1, 2023, USD LIBOR is available in five settings (overnight, one-month, three-month,
six-month and 12-month). The ICE Benchmark Administration has stated that it will cease to publish all remaining USD LIBOR settings immediately
following their publication on June 30, 2023. 

In April 2018, the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York began publishing its alternative rate, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The Bank of England followed suit
in April 2018 by publishing its proposed alternative rate, the Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ). Each of SOFR and
SONIA significantly differ from LIBOR, both in each actual rate and how each rate is calculated, and therefore it is unclear whether and
when markets will adopt either of these rates as a widely accepted replacement for LIBOR. 

As such, when LIBOR is discontinued, if a replacement
rate is not widely agreed upon or if a replacement rate is significantly different from LIBOR, it could cause a disruption in the credit
markets generally. Such a disruption could have an adverse impact on the market value of and/or transferability of any LIBOR-linked securities,
loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us or on our overall financial condition or results of
operations. It is not possible to predict the effect of any of these developments, and any future initiatives to regulate, reform or change
the manner of administration of LIBOR could result in adverse consequences to the rate of interest payable and receivable on, market value
of and market liquidity for LIBOR-based financial instruments. 

Most of our new investments are indexed to SOFR;
however, we have material contracts that are indexed to LIBOR. Certain contracts have an orderly market transition already in process;
however, other contracts, will need to be renegotiated to replace LIBOR with an alternative reference rate. Following the replacement
of LIBOR, some or all of our credit agreements with our portfolio companies may bear interest at a lower interest rate, which could have
an adverse impact on the value and liquidity of our investment in these portfolio companies and, as a result on our results of operations. 

In addition, the transition from LIBOR to SOFR,
SONIA or other alternative reference rates may also introduce operational risks in our accounting, financial reporting, loan servicing,
liability management and other aspects of our business. 

We are subject to risks related to corporate
social responsibility. 

Our business faces increasing public scrutiny
related to ESG activities, which are increasingly considered to contribute to the long-term sustainability of a company s
performance. A variety of organizations measure the performance of companies on ESG topics, and the results of these assessments are widely
publicized. In addition, investment in funds that specialize in companies that perform well in such assessments are increasingly popular,
and major institutional investors have publicly emphasized the importance of such ESG measures to their investment decisions. 

36 

We risk damage to our brand and reputation if
we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as environmental stewardship, corporate governance and transparency and considering
ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact the value of our brand, the cost
of our operations and relationships with investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Additionally, new regulatory initiatives related
to ESG could adversely affect our business. The SEC has proposed rules that, among other matters, would establish a framework for the
reporting of climate-related risks. At this time, there is uncertainty regarding the scope of such proposals or when they would
become effective (if at all). Compliance with any new laws or regulations increases our regulatory burden and could make compliance more
difficult and expensive, affect the manner in which we or our portfolio companies conduct our businesses and adversely affect our profitability. 

We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 

Interest rate fluctuations may have a substantial
negative impact on our investments, the value of our common stock and our rate of return on invested capital. A reduction in the interest
rates on new investments relative to interest rates on current investments could have an adverse impact on our net interest income. However,
an increase in interest rates could decrease the value of any investments we hold that earn fixed interest rates, including subordinated
loans, senior and junior secured and unsecured debt securities and loans and high yield bonds, and also could increase our interest expense,
thereby decreasing our net income. 

In periods of rising interest rates, to the extent
we borrow money subject to a floating interest rate, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income. Further,
rising interest rates could also adversely affect our performance if such increases cause our borrowing costs to rise at a rate in excess
of the rate that our investments yield. Further, rising interest rates could also adversely affect our performance if we hold investments
with floating interest rates, subject to specified minimum interest rates (such as a LIBOR floor), while at the same time engaging in
borrowings subject to floating interest rates not subject to such minimums. In such a scenario, rising interest rates may increase our
interest expense, even though our interest income from investments is not increasing in a corresponding manner as a result of such minimum
interest rates. 

If general interest rates rise, there is a risk
that the portfolio companies in which we hold floating rate securities will be unable to pay escalating interest amounts, which could
result in a default under their loan documents with us. Rising interest rates could also cause portfolio companies to shift cash from
other productive uses to the payment of interest, which may have a material adverse effect on their business and operations and could,
over time, lead to increased defaults. In addition, rising interest rates may increase pressure on us to provide fixed rate loans to our
portfolio companies, which could adversely affect our net investment income, as increases in our cost of borrowed funds would not be accompanied
by increased interest income from such fixed-rate investments. 

To
the extent that we continue to make floating rate debt investments, a rise in the general level of interest rates would lead to higher
interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates may result in an increase in the amount
of the incentive fee payable to the Adviser. 

General interest rate fluctuations may have a
substantial negative impact on our investments and investment opportunities and, accordingly, may have a material adverse effect on our
ability to achieve our investment objective and the rate of return on invested capital. 

If we do not invest a sufficient portion
of our assets in qualifying assets, we could fail to qualify as a BDC, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

As a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other
than qualifying assets unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70 of our total assets
are qualifying assets, as defined in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. See Business Qualifying Assets. We believe that
most of the investments that we may acquire in the future will constitute qualifying assets. However, we may be precluded from investing
in what we believe are attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. If we do not
invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could violate the 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs. As a result
of such violation, specific rules under the 1940 Act could prevent us, for example, from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio
companies, which could result in the dilution of our position or could require us to dispose of investments at inappropriate times in
order to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of investments quickly, it could be difficult to dispose of such
investments on favorable terms. We may not be able to find a buyer for such investments and, even if we do find a buyer, we may have to
sell the investments at a substantial loss. Any such outcomes would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

37 

Many of our portfolio investments are recorded
at fair value as determined in good faith by our Valuation Designee and, as a result, there may be uncertainty as to the value of our
portfolio investments. 

Under the 1940 Act, we are required to carry our
portfolio investments at market value, or if there is no readily available market value, at fair value as determined by MC Advisors in
its capacity as our Valuation Designee. Many of our portfolio investments may take the form of securities that are not publicly traded.
The fair value of securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable, and we value these securities
at fair value as determined in good faith by our Valuation Designee, including to reflect significant events affecting the value of our
securities. As part of the valuation process, we may take into account the following types of factors, if relevant, in determining the
fair value of our investments: 

a comparison of the portfolio company s securities to publicly traded securities; 

the enterprise value of a portfolio company; 

the nature and realizable value of any collateral; 

the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow; 

the markets in which the portfolio company does business; and 

changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets generally that may affect the price at which similar investments may be made in the future and other relevant factors. 

We expect that most of our investments (other
than cash and cash equivalents) will be classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy and require disclosures about the level of disaggregation
along with the inputs and valuation techniques we use to measure fair value. This means that our portfolio valuations are based on unobservable
inputs and our own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability in question. Inputs into the determination
of fair value of our portfolio investments require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data is available,
such information may be the result of consensus pricing information or broker quotes, which include a disclaimer that the broker would
not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by disclaimers
materially reduces the reliability of such information. We employ the services of one or more independent service providers to conduct
fair value appraisals of material investments for which market quotations are not readily available. These fair value appraisals for material
investments are received at least once every calendar year for each portfolio company investment, but are generally received quarterly.
The types of factors that the Valuation Designee may take into account in determining the fair value of our investments generally include,
as appropriate, comparison to publicly traded securities including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality, the
enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make
payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business and other relevant factors.
Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate
over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that
would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Due to this uncertainty in the value of our portfolio investments,
a fair value determination may cause net asset value on a given date to materially understate or overstate the value that we may ultimately
realize upon one or more of our investments. As a result, investors purchasing shares of our common stock based on an overstated net asset
value would pay a higher price than the value of the investments might warrant. Conversely, investors selling shares during a period in
which the net asset value understates the value of investments will receive a lower price for their shares than the value the investment
portfolio might warrant. 

We adjust quarterly the valuation of our portfolio
to reflect the determination of our Valuation Designee of the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. Any changes in fair value
are recorded in our consolidated statements of operations as net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments. 

We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly
operating results. 

We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly
operating results due to a number of factors, including our ability or inability to make investments in companies that meet our investment
criteria, the interest rate payable to us on the debt securities we acquire, the default rate on such securities, the level of our expenses,
including the cost of our indebtedness, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the
degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors, results for any
period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods. 

38 

Changes in laws or regulations governing
our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy. 

We and our portfolio companies are subject to
regulation at the local, state and federal level. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to
time, including as the result of interpretive guidance or other directives from the U.S. President and others in the executive branch,
and new laws, regulations and interpretations may also come into effect, including those governing the types of investments we or our
portfolio companies are permitted to make, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and political uncertainty
could increase regulatory uncertainty in the near term. The effects of legislative and regulatory proposals directed at the financial
services industry or affecting taxation may negatively impact the operations, cash flows or financial condition of us or our portfolio
companies, impose additional costs on us or our portfolio companies, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or our portfolio companies
or otherwise adversely affect our business or the business of our portfolio companies. In addition, if we do not comply with applicable
laws and regulations, we could lose any licenses that we then hold for the conduct of our business and may be subject to civil fines and
criminal penalties. 

Additionally, changes to the laws and regulations
governing our operations, including those associated with RICs, may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to avail ourselves
of new or different opportunities or result in the imposition of corporate-level taxes on us. Such changes could result in material differences
to the strategies and plans set forth herein and may shift our investment focus from the areas of expertise of MC Advisors to other types
of investments in which MC Advisors may have little or no expertise or experience. Any such changes, if they occur, could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. 

Over the last several years, there also has been
an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional banking sector, raising the possibility that
some portion of the non-bank financial sector will be subject to new regulation. While it cannot be known at this time whether any regulation
will be implemented or what form it will take, increased regulation of non-bank credit extension could negatively impact our operations,
cash flows or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Uncertainty about U.S. government initiatives could negatively
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations . 

The U.S. government has recently called for significant
changes to U.S. trade, healthcare, immigration, foreign and government regulatory policy. In this regard, there is significant uncertainty
with respect to legislation, regulation and government policy at the federal level, as well as the state and local levels. Recent events
have created a climate of heightened uncertainty and introduced new and difficult-to-quantify macroeconomic and political risks with potentially
far-reaching implications. There has been a corresponding meaningful increase in the uncertainty surrounding interest rates, inflation,
foreign exchange rates, treaties, tariffs, trade volumes and fiscal and monetary policy. To the extent the U.S. Congress or the current
administration implements changes to U.S. policy, those changes may impact, among other things, the U.S. and global economy, international
trade and relations, unemployment, immigration, corporate taxes, healthcare, the U.S. regulatory environment, inflation and other areas.
Although we cannot predict the impact, if any, of these changes to our business, they could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash flows. Until we know what policy changes are made and how those changes impact our business and the business
of our competitors over the long term, we will not know if, overall, we will benefit from them or be negatively affected by them. 

Our Board may change our investment objective,
operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse. 

Our Board has the authority, except as otherwise
prohibited by the 1940 Act, to modify or waive certain of our operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder
approval. However, absent stockholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election
as, a BDC. Under Maryland law, we also cannot be dissolved without prior stockholder approval except by judicial action. We cannot predict
the effect any changes to our current operating policies and strategies would have on our business, operating results and the price value
of our common stock. Nevertheless, any such changes could adversely affect our business and impair our ability to make distributions. 

MC Advisors can resign on 60 days 
notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could
adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

MC Advisors has the right to resign under the
Investment Advisory Agreement without penalty at any time upon 60 days written notice to us, whether we have found a replacement
or not. If MC Advisors resigns, we may not be able to find a new investment advisor or hire internal management with similar expertise
and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly,
our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations as well as our ability
to pay distributions are likely to be adversely affected and our net asset value may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal
management and investment activities is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution
or group of executives having the expertise possessed by MC Advisors and its affiliates. Even if we were able to retain comparable management,
whether internal or external, the integration of such management and their lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result
in additional costs and time delays that may adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

39 

MC Management can resign on 60 days 
notice from its role as our administrator under the Administration Agreement, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within
that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

MC Management has the right to resign under the
Administration Agreement without penalty upon 60 days written notice to us, whether we have found a replacement or not. If MC Management
resigns, we may not be able to find a new administrator or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the
same or equivalent services on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience
a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations as well as our ability to pay distributions are likely to be
adversely affected and our net asset value may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and administrative activities
is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a service provider or individuals with the expertise possessed
by MC Management. Even if we were able to retain a comparable service provider or individuals to perform such services, whether internal
or external, their integration into our business and lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs
and time delays that may adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

There are significant financial and other resources necessary
to comply with the requirements of being a public reporting entity. 

We are subject to the reporting requirements of
the Exchange Act and requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). These requirements may place
a strain on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our
business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal
controls over financial reporting, which are discussed below. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures and internal controls, significant resources and management oversight will be required. We have implemented procedures,
processes, policies and practices for the purpose of addressing the standards and requirements applicable to public reporting companies.
These activities may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We expect to incur significant additional annual expenses related
to these steps and, among other things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees, reporting requirements
of the SEC, transfer agent fees, additional administrative expenses payable to MC Management, as administrator, to compensate them for
hiring additional accounting, legal and administrative personnel, increased auditing and legal fees and similar expenses. 

The systems and resources necessary to comply
with public company reporting requirements will increase further once we cease to be an emerging growth company under the
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As long as we remain an emerging growth company, we intend to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public reporting companies, including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following an initial public offering or until the earliest of (i) the last
day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.235 billion, (ii) December 31 of the fiscal year that
we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value
of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second
fiscal quarter and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion
in non-convertible debt securities during the preceding three-year period. 

Efforts
to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act involve significant expenditures, and non-compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may adversely
affect us and the value of our common stock. 

As a public reporting company, we incur legal,
accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with the periodic reporting requirements applicable to a company whose securities
are registered under the Exchange Act, as well as additional corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and other rules implemented by the SEC. 

We are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and
the related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. Under current SEC rules, after being subject to the reporting requirements of
the Exchange Act for a specified period of time, our management will be required to report on its internal controls over financial reporting
pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder. We are required to review on an annual
basis our internal controls over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis to evaluate and disclose changes in our internal
controls over financial reporting. As a result, we expect to continue to incur associated expenses, which may negatively impact our financial
performance and our ability to make distributions. This process also will result in a diversion of our management s time and attention.
We cannot be certain as to the timing of completion of our evaluation, testing and remediation actions or the impact of the same on our
operations and may not be able to ensure that the process is effective or that the internal controls are or will be effective in a timely
manner. There can be no assurance that our quarterly reviews and annual audits will not identify additional material weaknesses. In the
event that we are unable to maintain or achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules, our value and results of operations
may be adversely affected. As a result, we expect to incur significant associated expenses, which may negatively impact our financial
performance and our ability to make distributions. 

40 

Terrorist attacks, acts of war, global health emergencies or
natural disasters may affect any market for our common stock, impact the businesses in which we invest and harm our business, operating
results and financial condition. 

Terrorist acts, acts of war, global health emergencies
or natural disasters may disrupt our operations, as well as the operations of the businesses in which we invest. Such acts have created,
and continue to create, economic and political uncertainties and have contributed to global economic instability. Future terrorist activities,
military or security operations, global health emergencies or natural disasters could further weaken the domestic/global economies and
create additional uncertainties, which may negatively impact the businesses in which we invest directly or indirectly and, in turn, could
have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Losses from terrorist attacks, global health
emergencies and natural disasters are generally uninsurable. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused severe disruptions in the global
economy, which has had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our portfolio companies and our business and operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and restrictive measures
taken to contain or mitigate its spread caused business shutdowns, cancellations of events and restrictions on travel, significant reductions
in demand for certain goods and services, reductions in business activity and financial transactions, supply chain interruptions and has
led, and for an unknown period of time will continue to lead, to disruptions in local, regional, national and global markets and economies
affected thereby. Despite actions of the U.S. federal government and foreign governments, these events have contributed to unpredictable
general economic conditions that are materially and adversely impacting the broader financial and credit markets and reducing the availability
of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole. With respect to the U.S. credit markets (in particular for middle market loans),
this outbreak has resulted in, and until fully resolved is likely to continue to result in, the following among other things: (i) increased
draws by borrowers on revolving lines of credit; (ii) increased requests by borrowers for amendments and waivers of their credit agreements
to avoid default, increased defaults by such borrowers and/or increased difficulty in obtaining refinancing at the maturity dates of their
loans; (iii) volatility and disruption of these markets including greater volatility in pricing and spreads and difficulty in valuing
loans during periods of increased volatility, and liquidity issues; and (iv) rapidly evolving proposals and/or actions by state and federal
governments to address problems being experienced by the markets and by businesses and the economy in general that will not necessarily
adequately address the problems facing the loan market and middle market businesses. This outbreak is having, and any future outbreaks
could have, an adverse impact on our portfolio companies and us and on the markets and the economy in general, and that impact could be
material. Such effects will likely continue for the duration of the pandemic, which is uncertain, and for some period thereafter. It is
impossible to determine the scope of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future outbreaks, how long any such outbreak, market disruption or
uncertainties may last, the effect any governmental actions will have or the full potential impact on us, MC Advisors and our portfolio
companies. 

The COVID-19 pandemic is continuing as of the
filing date of this Annual Report, and its extended duration may have further adverse impacts on our portfolio companies after December
31, 2022, including for the reasons described herein. 

41 

We are currently operating in a period of capital markets disruption
and economic uncertainty could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Current market conditions may make it difficult
to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness with similar terms and any failure to do so
could have a material adverse effect on our business. The debt capital that will be available to us in the future, if at all, may be at
a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we currently experience, including being at a higher cost in rising
rate environments. If we are unable to raise or refinance debt, then our equity investors may not benefit from the potential for increased
returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make new commitments or to fund existing commitments
to our portfolio companies. An inability to extend the maturity of, or refinance, our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, adverse or volatile market
conditions may make equity capital difficult to raise because, subject to some limited exceptions, as a BDC, we are generally not able
to issue additional shares of our common stock at a price less than net asset value without first obtaining approval for such issuance
from our shareholders and independent directors. 

Significant disruption or volatility in the capital
markets may also have a negative effect on the valuations of our investments. While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable
accounting standards require us to assume as part of our valuation process that our investments are sold in a principal market to market
participants (even if we plan on holding an investment through its maturity). Significant disruption or volatility in the capital markets
may also affect the pace of our investment activity and the potential for liquidity events involving our investments. Thus, the illiquidity
of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments to access capital if required, and as a result, we could realize
significantly less than the value at which we have recorded our investments if we were required to sell them for liquidity purposes. An
inability to raise or access capital could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

42 

The failure in cybersecurity systems, as well as the occurrence
of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management continuity planning, could impair our ability to conduct business
effectively. 

Cybersecurity incidents and cyber-attacks have
been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level, and will likely continue to increase in frequency in the future. The
occurrence of a disaster such as a cyber-attack, a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, a terrorist attack or war, events unanticipated
in our disaster recovery systems, or a support failure from external providers, could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct
business and on our results of operations and financial condition, particularly if those events affect our computer-based data processing,
transmission, storage, and retrieval systems or destroy data. If a significant number of Monroe Capital employees were unavailable in
the event of a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct our business could be severely compromised. 

We, and our portfolio companies, depend heavily
upon computer systems to perform necessary business functions. Despite the implementation of a variety of security measures, our
computer systems could be subject to cyber-attacks and unauthorized access, such as physical and electronic break-ins or unauthorized
tampering. Like other companies, we may experience threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized
access, system failures and disruptions. If one or more of these events occurs, it could potentially jeopardize the confidential, proprietary
and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions
or malfunctions in our operations, which could result in damage to our reputation, financial losses, litigation, increased costs, regulatory
penalties and/or customer dissatisfaction or loss. 

Third parties with which we do business may also
be sources of cybersecurity or other technological risk. We outsource certain functions and these relationships allow for the storage
and processing of our information, as well as client, counterparty, employee, and borrower information. While we engage in actions to
reduce our exposure resulting from outsourcing, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized access, loss, exposure, destruction, or other
cybersecurity incident that affects our data, resulting in increased costs and other consequences as described above. 

Moreover, the increased use of mobile and cloud
technologies due to the proliferation of remote work resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic could heighten these and other operational risks
as certain aspects of the security of such technologies may be complex and unpredictable. Reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any
failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks could disrupt
our operations, the operations of a portfolio company or the operations of our or their service providers and result in misappropriation,
corruption or loss of personal, confidential or proprietary information or the inability to conduct ordinary business operations. In addition,
there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures may be circumvented, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies
increase the speed and computing power available. Extended periods of remote working, whether by us or by our service providers, could
strain technology resources, introduce operational risks and otherwise heighten the risks described above. Remote working environments
may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts. Accordingly, the risks
described above are heightened under current conditions. 

We have implemented processes, procedures and
internal controls to help mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of
the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber-incident, do not guarantee that a cyber-incident will not occur and/or that our financial results,
operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. 

In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority
for regulators around the world, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches
involving certain types of personal data. Compliance with such laws and regulations may result in cost increases due to system changes
and the development of new administrative processes. If we or MC Advisors or certain of its affiliates, fail to comply with the relevant
laws and regulations, we could suffer financial losses, a disruption of our businesses, liability to investors, regulatory intervention
or reputational damage. 

We may incur lender liability as a result
of our lending activities. 

In recent years, a number of judicial decisions
have upheld the right of borrowers and others to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively
termed lender liability. Generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty,
whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower
resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. We may be subject to allegations
of lender liability, which could be time-consuming and expensive to defend and result in significant liability. 

We may incur liability as a result of providing
managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. 

In the course of providing significant managerial
assistance to certain portfolio companies, certain of our management and directors may serve as directors on the boards of such companies.
To the extent that litigation arises out of investments in these companies, our management and directors may be named as defendants in
such litigation, which could result in an expenditure of our funds, through our indemnification of such officers and directors, and the
diversion of management time and resources. 

43 

MC Advisors may not be able to achieve the
same or similar returns as those achieved by our senior management and investment teams while they were employed at prior positions. 

The track record and achievements of the senior
investment professionals of Monroe Capital are not necessarily indicative of future results that will be achieved by MC Advisors. As a
result, MC Advisors may not be able to achieve the same or similar returns as those achieved by the senior investment professionals of
Monroe Capital. 

Risks Related to Our Investments 

Economic recessions or downturns could impair
our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 

Many of our portfolio companies are susceptible
to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable
to repay our loans during these periods. These portfolio companies may face intense competition, including competition from companies
with greater financial resources, more extensive research and development, manufacturing, marketing and service capabilities and greater
number of qualified and experienced managerial and technical personnel. They may need additional financing that they are unable to secure
and that we are unable or unwilling to provide, or they may be subject to adverse developments unrelated to the technologies they acquire. 

Therefore, our non-performing assets are likely
to increase, and the value of our portfolio is likely to decrease during these periods. Adverse economic conditions may decrease the value
of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments and could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and
a corresponding decrease in revenues, net income and assets. 

Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase
our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events
could prevent us from increasing our investments and harm our operating results. 

A portfolio company s failure to satisfy
financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, acceleration of its loans and
foreclosure on its assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize our portfolio company s ability
to meet its obligations under the debt securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default
or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting portfolio company. It is possible that we could become subject to a lender liability claim,
including as a result of actions taken if we or MC Advisors render significant managerial assistance to the borrower. Furthermore, if
one of our portfolio companies were to file for bankruptcy protection, even though we may have structured our investment as senior secured
debt, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we or MC Advisors provided managerial assistance to that
portfolio company or otherwise exercise control over it, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt as a form of equity and subordinate
all or a portion of our claim to claims of other creditors. 

Market conditions have materially and adversely affected debt
and equity capital markets in the United States and around the world. 

In the past, the global capital markets experienced
periods of disruption resulting in increasing spreads between the yields realized on riskier debt securities and those realized on securities
perceived as being risk-free and a lack of liquidity in parts of the debt capital markets, significant write-offs in the financial services
sector relating to subprime mortgages and the re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated market. These events, along with the
deterioration of the housing market, illiquid market conditions, declining business and consumer confidence and the failure of major financial
institutions in the United States, led to a general decline in economic conditions. This economic decline materially and adversely affected
the broader financial and credit markets and reduced the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole and to financial
firms in particular. If such a period of disruption were to occur in the future, to the extent that we wish to use debt to fund our investments,
the debt capital that will be available to us, if at all, may be at a higher cost, and on terms and conditions that may be less favorable,
than what we expect, which could negatively affect our financial performance and results. A prolonged period of market illiquidity may
cause us to reduce the volume of loans we originate and/or fund below historical levels and adversely affect the value of our portfolio
investments, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The spread
between the yields realized on riskier debt securities and those realized on securities perceived as being risk-free has remained narrow
on a relative basis recently. If these spreads were to widen or if there were deterioration of market conditions, these events could materially
and adversely affect our business. 

44 

Inflation may adversely affect the business, results of operations
and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 

Recent inflationary pressures have increased the
costs of labor, energy and raw materials and have adversely affected consumer spending, economic growth and our portfolio companies 
operations. Certain of our portfolio companies may be in industries that have been, or are expected to be, impacted by inflation.
If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs along to their customers, it could adversely affect their
results and impact their ability to pay interest and principal on our loans. In addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio
companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair
value of our investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations.
Additionally, the Federal Reserve has raised, and has indicated its intent to continue raising, certain benchmark interest rates in an
effort to combat inflation, See We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 

Our investments in leveraged portfolio companies
may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 

Investment in leveraged companies involves a number
of significant risks. Leveraged companies, including lower middle-market companies, in which we invest may have limited financial resources
and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold. Such developments may be accompanied by a deterioration
in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of our realizing any guarantees that we may have obtained in connection
with our investment. In addition, our junior secured loans are generally subordinated to senior loans. As such, other creditors may rank
senior to us in the event of an insolvency. 

Our portfolio companies consists primarily
of lower middle-market, privately owned companies, which may present a greater risk of loss than loans to larger companies. 

Our portfolio consists, and will most likely continue
to consist, primarily of loans to lower middle-market, privately owned companies. Compared to larger, publicly traded firms, these companies
generally have more limited access to capital and higher funding costs, may be in a weaker financial position and may need more capital
to expand, compete and operate their business. In addition, many of these companies may be unable to obtain financing from public capital
markets or from traditional sources, such as commercial banks. Accordingly, loans made to these types of borrowers may entail higher risks
than loans made to companies that have larger businesses, greater financial resources or are otherwise able to access traditional credit
sources on more attractive terms. 

Investing in lower middle-market companies involves
a number of significant risks, including that lower middle-market companies: 

may have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; 

are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; 

typically have more limited access to the capital markets, which may hinder their ability to refinance borrowings; 

will be unable to refinance or repay at maturity the unamortized loan balance as we structure our loans such that a significant balance remains due at maturity; 

generally have less predictable operating results, may be particularly vulnerable to changes in customer preferences or market conditions, depend on one or a limited number of major customers; 

may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; and 

generally have less publicly available information about their businesses, operations and financial condition. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and may lose all or part of our investment. 

Any of these factors or changes thereto could
impair a portfolio company s financial condition, results of operation, cash flow or result in other adverse events, such as bankruptcy,
any of which could limit a portfolio company s ability to make scheduled payments on loans from us. This, in turn, may lead to their
inability to make payments on outstanding borrowings, which could result in losses in our loan portfolio and a decrease in our net interest
income and book value. 

We may be subject to risks associated with
our investments in senior secured loans. 

We invest in senior secured loans. Senior secured
loans are usually rated below investment grade or may also be unrated. As a result, the risks associated with senior secured loans may
be considered by credit rating agencies to be similar to the risks of below investment grade fixed income instruments, although senior
secured loans are senior and secured in contrast to other below investment grade fixed income instruments, which are often subordinated
or unsecured. Investment in senior secured loans rated below investment grade is considered speculative because of the credit risk of
their issuers. Such companies are more likely than investment grade issuers to default on their payments of interest and principal owed
to us, and such defaults could have a material adverse effect on our performance. An economic downturn would generally lead to a higher
non-payment rate, and a senior secured loan may lose significant market value before a default occurs. Moreover, any specific collateral
used to secure a senior secured loan may decline in value or become illiquid, which would adversely affect the senior secured loan s
value. 

45 

There may be less readily available and reliable
information about most senior secured loans than is the case for many other types of securities, including securities issued in transactions
registered under the Securities Act or registered under the Exchange Act. As a result, MC Advisors will rely primarily on its own evaluation
of a borrower s credit quality rather than on any available independent sources. Therefore, we will be particularly dependent on
the analytical abilities of MC Advisors. 

In general, the secondary trading market for senior
secured loans is not well developed. No active trading market may exist for certain senior secured loans, which may make it difficult
to value them. Illiquidity and adverse market conditions may mean that we may not be able to sell senior secured loans quickly or at a
fair price. To the extent that a secondary market does exist for certain senior secured loans, the market for them may be subject to irregular
trading activity, wide bid/ask spreads and extended trade settlement periods. 

We may be subject to risks associated with
our investments in junior debt securities. 

We may invest in junior debt securities. Although
certain junior debt securities are typically senior to common stock or other equity securities, the equity and debt securities in which
we will invest may be subordinated to substantial amounts of senior debt, all or a significant portion of which may be secured. Such subordinated
investments may be characterized by greater credit risks than those associated with the senior obligations of the same issuer. These subordinated
securities may not be protected by all of the financial covenants, such as limitations upon additional indebtedness, typically protecting
such senior debt. Holders of junior debt generally are not entitled to receive full payments in bankruptcy or liquidation until senior
creditors are paid in full. Holders of equity are not entitled to payments until all creditors are paid in full. In addition, the remedies
available to holders of junior debt are normally limited by restrictions benefiting senior creditors. In the event any portfolio company
cannot generate adequate cash flow to meet senior debt service, we may suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested. 

We may be subject to risks associated with
 covenant-lite loans. 

Certain loans in which we invest may be covenant-lite. 
We use the term covenant-lite loans to refer generally to loans that do not have a complete set of financial maintenance
covenants. Generally, covenant-lite loans provide borrower companies more freedom to negatively impact lenders because their
covenants are incurrence-based, which means they are only tested and can only be breached following an affirmative action of the borrower,
rather than by a deterioration in the borrower s financial condition. Accordingly, to the extent we are exposed to covenant-lite 
loans, we may have a greater risk of loss on such investments as compared to investments in or exposure to loans with financial maintenance
covenants. 

We may be subject to risks associated with
our investments in unitranche secured loans and securities. 

We may invest in unitranche secured loans, which
are a combination of senior secured and junior secured debt in the same facility in which we syndicate a first out portion
of the loan to an investor and retain a last out portion of the loan. Unitranche secured loans provide all of the debt needed
to finance a leveraged buyout or other corporate transaction, both senior and junior, but generally in a first lien position, while the
borrower generally pays a blended, uniform interest rate rather than different rates for different tranches. Unitranche secured debt generally
requires payments of both principal and interest throughout the life of the loan. Generally, we expect these securities to carry a blended
yield that is between senior secured and junior debt interest rates. Unitranche secured loans provide a number of advantages for borrowers,
including the following: simplified documentation, greater certainty of execution and reduced decision-making complexity throughout the
life of the loan. In some cases, a portion of the total interest may accrue or be paid in kind. Because unitranche secured loans combine
characteristics of senior and junior financing, unitranche secured loans have risks similar to the risks associated with senior secured
and second lien loans and junior debt in varying degrees according to the combination of loan characteristics of the unitranche secured
loan. 

We may be subject to risks associated with
our investments in bank loans. 

We intend to invest in bank loans and participations.
These obligations are subject to unique risks, including: 

the possible invalidation of an investment transaction as a fraudulent conveyance under relevant creditors rights laws, 

so-called lender-liability claims by the issuer of the obligations, 

environmental liabilities that may arise with respect to collateral securing the obligations, and 

limitations on our ability to directly enforce its rights with respect to participations. 

46 

In addition, the illiquidity of bank loans may
make it difficult for us to sell such investments to access capital if required. As a result, we could realize significantly less than
the value at which we have recorded our investments if we were required to sell them for liquidity purposes. Compared to securities and
to certain other types of financial assets, purchases and sales of loans take relatively longer to settle. This extended settlement process
can (i) increase the counterparty credit risk borne by us; (ii) leave us unable to timely vote, or otherwise act with respect to, loans
it has agreed to purchase; (iii) delay us from realizing the proceeds of a sale of a loan; (iv) inhibit our ability to re-sell a loan
that it has agreed to purchase if conditions change (leaving us more exposed to price fluctuations); (v) prevent us from timely collecting
principal and interest payments; and (vi) expose us to adverse tax or regulatory consequences. To the extent the extended loan settlement
process gives rise to short-term liquidity needs, we may hold cash, sell investments or temporarily borrow from banks or other lenders. 

In purchasing participations, we generally will
have no right to enforce compliance by the borrower with the terms of the loan agreement, nor any rights of set-off against the borrower,
and we may not directly benefit from the collateral supporting the debt obligation in which we have purchased the participation. As a
result, we will assume the credit risk of both the borrower and the institution selling the participation. 

In analyzing each bank loan or participation,
MC Advisors compares the relative significance of the risks against the expected benefits of the investment. Successful claims by third
parties arising from these and other risks will be borne by us. 

We may be subject to risks associated with
our investments in Securitized Products. 

We may from time to time, as part of its opportunistic
investment activities, invest, directly and indirectly, in Securitized Products, including CLO facilities, asset-backed securities and
warehouse loan facilities. Securitized Products may present risks similar to those of the other types of investments in which we may invest
and, in fact, such risks may be of greater significance in the case of Securitized Products. Moreover, investing in Securitized Products
may entail a variety of unique risks. Among other risks, Securitized Products may be subject to prepayment risk. In addition, the performance
of a Securitized Product will be affected by a variety of factors, including its priority in the capital structure of the issuer thereof,
the availability of any credit enhancement, the level and timing of payments and recoveries on and the characteristics of the underlying
receivables, loans or other assets that are being securitized, remoteness of those assets from the originator or transferor, the adequacy
of and ability to realize upon any related collateral and the capability of the servicer of the securitized assets. In addition, we may
face additional risks related to specific Securities Products, including the following: 

Asset-backed securities. We may invest
in asset-backed securities ABS ). ABS are subject to the risk of prepayment on the loans underlying such securities (including
voluntary prepayments by the obligors and liquidations due to default). Generally, prepayment rates increase when interest rates fall
and decrease when interest rates rise. Prepayment rates are also affected by other factors, including economic, demographic, tax, social
and legal factors. To the extent that prepayment rates are different than anticipated, the average yield of investments in ABS may be
adversely affected. The interest rate sensitivity of any particular pool of loans depends upon the allocation of cash flow from the underlying
receivables. 

The market value of ABS will generally vary inversely
with changes in market interest rates, declining when interest rates rise and rising when interest rates decline. However, ABS, while
having comparable risk of decline during periods of rising rates, usually have less potential for capital appreciation than other investments
of comparable maturities due to the likelihood of increased prepayments as interest rates decline. In addition, to the extent any ABS
are purchased at a premium, losses due to default and liquidation and unscheduled principal prepayments generally will result in some
loss of the holders principal to the extent of the premium paid. ABS are subject to whole loan risk and credit risk that the underlying
receivables will not be paid by debtors or by credit insurers or guarantors of such instruments. 

The underlying assets of ABS may include receivables
of any kind, including, without limitation, such items as motor vehicle installment sales or installment loan contracts, leases of various
types of real and personal property, and receivables from credit card agreements. The ability of an issuer of asset-backed securities
to enforce its security interest in the underlying assets may be limited. 

The values of some other ABS are subject to interest-rate
risk and prepayment risk. A change in interest rates can affect the pace of payments on the underlying loans, which in turn, affects total
return on the securities. ABS also carry credit or default risk. If many borrowers on the underlying loans default, losses could exceed
the credit enhancement level and result in losses to investors in an ABS transaction. The value of ABS may be substantially dependent
on the servicing of the underlying asset pools and thus be subject to risks associated with the negligence by, or defalcation of, their
servicers. In addition, any fees related to outside loan origination and servicing contracts could negatively affect returns. In certain
circumstances, the mishandling of related documentation may also affect the rights of security holders in and to the underlying collateral.
The insolvency of entities that generate receivables or that utilize the assets may result in added costs and delays in addition to losses
associated with a decline in the value of underlying assets. Furthermore, debtors may be entitled to the protection of a number of state
and Federal consumer credit laws with respect to ABS, which may give the debtor the right to avoid payment. ABS may be highly illiquid,
and the market value of ABS may fluctuate widely. If we are forced to liquidate our investments in ABS to satisfy withdrawals, it may
be difficult or impossible to do so on favorable terms and may result in losses. 

Collateralized Loan Obligations. We may
invest, directly or indirectly, in CLOs and CLO warehouse facilities. A CLO is typically a bankruptcy-remote securitization entity that
owns senior secured, second lien or unsecured corporate loans. Typically, we are expected to invest, directly or indirectly, in the unrated
or most subordinated tranches of CLOs that own middle market or broadly syndicated loans, while other investors may purchase more senior
tranches of the CLO entity s capital structure, thereby exposing themselves to different risks of principal and interest repayment.
CLOs make payments to investors as payments are received with respect to their underlying asset pools. If proceeds of the underlying asset
pools are not large enough to provide payments on all investors, securities held by the more junior investors in the CLOs (like us) will
likely suffer a principal loss. In an event of default, typically the most senior tranche of debt may direct the CLO manager to liquidate
the CLO. In the event of a liquidation, the unrated or most subordinated tranches of a CLO will not receive any payment until all principal
and interest on the senior debt is paid in full. As the holder of the most subordinated tranche, we may be unable to exercise additional
remedies under the CLO entity documentation. In addition, the value of the underlying collateral in the asset pools may decrease in value.
CLO securities are illiquid instruments, and we may not be able to sell such securities at favorable prices, if at all. 

47 

Loans may become nonperforming for a variety
of reasons. 

A loan or debt obligation may become non-performing
for a variety of reasons. Such non-performing loans may require substantial workout negotiations or restructuring that may entail, among
other things, a substantial reduction in the interest rate, a substantial write-down of the principal amount of the loan and/or the deferral
of payments. In addition, such negotiations or restructuring may be quite extensive and protracted over time, and therefore may result
in substantial uncertainty with respect to the ultimate recovery. We may also incur additional expenses to the extent that it is required
to seek recovery upon a default on a loan or participate in the restructuring of such obligation. The liquidity for defaulted loans may
be limited, and to the extent that defaulted loans are sold, it is highly unlikely that the proceeds from such sale will be equal to the
amount of unpaid principal and interest thereon. In connection with any such defaults, workouts or restructuring, although we exercise
voting rights with respect to an individual loan, we may not be able to exercise votes in respect of a sufficient percentage of voting
rights with respect to such loan to determine the outcome of such vote. 

The lack of liquidity in our investments
may adversely affect our business. 

All of our assets may be invested in illiquid
securities, and a substantial portion of our investments in leveraged companies will be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale
or will otherwise be less liquid than more broadly traded public securities. The illiquidity of these investments may make it difficult
for us to sell such investments when desired. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly,
we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded these investments. As a result, we do not expect
to achieve liquidity in our investments in the near-term. However, to maintain the election to be regulated as a BDC and qualify as a
RIC, we may have to dispose of investments if we do not satisfy one or more of the applicable criteria under the respective regulatory
frameworks. We may also face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an investment in a portfolio company to the extent that we
or MC Advisors have material nonpublic information regarding such portfolio company. 

Price declines and illiquidity in the corporate
debt markets may adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing our net asset value through increased net unrealized
losses. 

As a BDC, we are required to carry our investments
at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value as determined in good faith by our Valuation Designee. When an
external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we use the pricing indicated by the external
event to corroborate our valuation. We record decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments as unrealized losses. Declines
in prices and liquidity in the corporate debt markets may result in significant net unrealized losses on our portfolio. The effect of
all of these factors on our portfolio may reduce our net asset value by increasing net unrealized losses on our portfolio. Depending on
market conditions, we could incur substantial realized losses and may suffer additional unrealized losses in future periods, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our portfolio companies may prepay loans,
which prepayment may reduce stated yields if capital returned cannot be invested in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 

The loans underlying our portfolio may be callable
at any time, and many of them can be repaid with no premium to par. It is generally not clear and highly unpredictable when or if any
loan might be called. Whether a loan is called will depend both on the continued positive performance of the portfolio company and the
existence of favorable financing market conditions that allow such company the ability to replace existing financing with less expensive
capital. As market conditions change frequently, it is unknown when, and if, this may be possible for each portfolio company. Risks associated
with owning loans include the fact that prepayments may occur at any time, sometimes without premium or penalty, and that the exercise
of prepayment rights during periods of declining spreads could cause us to reinvest prepayment proceeds in lower-yielding instruments.
In the case of some of these loans, having the loan called early may reduce our achievable yield if the capital returned cannot be invested
in transactions with equal or greater expected yields. 

Our portfolio may be exposed in part to
one or more specific industries, which may subject us to a risk of significant loss in a particular investment or investments if there
is a downturn in that particular industry. 

Our portfolio may be exposed in part to one or
more specific industries. A downturn in any particular industry in which we are invested could significantly impact the aggregate returns
we realize. If an industry in which we have significant investments suffers from adverse business or economic conditions, as these industries
have to varying degrees, a material portion of our investment portfolio could be affected adversely, which, in turn, could adversely affect
our financial position and results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2022, our investments in the
Healthcare Pharmaceuticals; Services: Business; and High Tech Industries represented approximately 14.4 , 12.6 and 12.3 respectively,
of the fair value of our portfolio and are subject to certain risks particular to these industries. The laws and rules governing the business
of companies in these industries and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent change and broad latitude is given
to the agencies administering those regulations. Existing or future laws and rules could force our portfolio companies operating in these
industries to change how they do business, restrict revenue, increase costs, change reserve levels and change business practices. Policy
changes on the local, state and federal level, such as the expansion of the government s role in these industries and changes to
tax laws affecting these industries, could fundamentally change the dynamics of these industries. We have invested and will continue investing
in technology companies, many of which may have narrow product lines and small market shares, which tend to render them more vulnerable
to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as to general economic downturns. The revenues, income (or losses), and valuations
of technology-related companies can and often do fluctuate suddenly and dramatically. In addition, technology-related markets are generally
characterized by abrupt business cycles and intense competition, where the leading companies in any particular category may hold a highly
concentrated percentage of the overall market share. Any of these factors could materially adversely affect the operations of a portfolio
company in these industries and, in turn, impair our ability to timely collect principal and interest payments owed to us. 

48 

We may be subject to risks associated with
our investments in the business services industry. 

Portfolio companies in the business services sector
are subject to many risks, including the negative impact of regulation, changing technology, a competitive marketplace and difficulty
in obtaining financing. Portfolio companies in the business services industry must respond quickly to technological changes and understand
the impact of these changes on customers preferences. Adverse economic, business, or regulatory developments affecting the business
services sector could have a negative impact on the value of our investments in portfolio companies operating in this industry, and therefore
could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

We may be subject to risks associated with
our investments in the technology industry. 

We invest portions of our portfolio in the technology
industry. There are risks in investing in companies that target technology-related markets, including rapid and sometimes dramatic price
erosion of products, the reliance on capital and debt markets to finance large capital outlays, including fabrication facilities, the
reliance on partners outside of the United States, particularly in Asia, and inherent cyclicality of the technology market in general.
As a result of multiple factors, access to capital may be difficult or impossible for companies in our portfolio that are pursuing these
markets. The revenue, income (or losses) and valuations of technology-related companies can and often do fluctuate suddenly and dramatically.
In addition, because of rapid technological change, the average selling prices of products and some services provided by technology-related
sectors have historically decreased over their productive lives. As a result, the average selling prices of products and services offered
by our portfolio companies that operate in technology-related sectors may decrease over time, which could adversely affect their operating
results and, correspondingly, the value of any securities that we may hold. This could, in turn, materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be subject to risks associated with our investments in
the healthcare industry. 

Any of our portfolio companies operating in the
healthcare information and services industry are subject to extensive government regulation and certain other risks particular to that
industry. As part of our investment strategy, we plan to invest in companies in the healthcare information and services industry. Such
portfolio companies provide technology to companies that are subject to extensive regulation, including Medicare and Medicaid payment
rules and regulation, the False Claims Act and federal and state laws regarding the collection, use and disclosure of patient health information
and the storage handling and administration of pharmaceuticals. If any of our portfolio companies or the companies to which they provide
such technology fail to comply with applicable regulations, they could be subject to significant penalties and claims that could materially
and adversely affect their operations. Portfolio companies in the healthcare information or services industry are also subject to the
risk that changes in applicable regulations will render their technology obsolete or less desirable in the marketplace. 

49 

Portfolio companies in the healthcare information
and services industry may also have a limited number of suppliers of necessary components or a limited number of manufacturers for their
products, and therefore face a risk of disruption to their manufacturing process if they are unable to find alternative suppliers when
needed. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect the operations of a portfolio company in this industry and, in turn,
impair our ability to timely collect principal and interest payments owed to us. 

To the extent original issue discount and payment-in-kind interest
constitute a portion of our income, we will be exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable
and accounting income prior to receipt of cash representing such income. 

Our investments include original issue discount,
or OID, components and may include PIK interest or PIK dividend components. For the year ended December 31, 2022, PIK interest and PIK
dividends comprised approximately 6.5 and 0.4 of our investment income, respectively. To the extent original issue discount constitutes
a portion of our income, we are exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting
income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: 

We must include in income each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any OID or other amounts accrued will be included in investment company taxable income for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy our annual distribution requirements, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have to sell some of our investments at times or at prices that would not be advantageous to us, raise additional debt or equity capital or forgo new investment opportunities. 

OID instruments may create heightened credit risks because the inducement to the borrower to accept higher interest rates in exchange for the deferral of cash payments typically represents, to some extent, speculation on the part of the lender. 

Even if the accounting conditions for income accrual are met, the borrower could still default when our actual collection is supposed to occur at the maturity of the obligation. 

OID instruments may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require continuing judgments about the collectability of the deferred payments and the value of the collateral. 

OID instruments generally represent a significantly higher credit risk than coupon loans. 

OID income received by us may create uncertainty about the source of our cash distributions to stockholders. For accounting purposes, any cash distributions to stockholders representing OID or market discount income are not treated as coming from paid-in capital, even though the cash to pay them comes from the offering proceeds. Thus, although a distribution of OID or market discount interest comes from the cash invested by the stockholders, Section 19(a) of the 1940 Act does not require that stockholders be given notice of this fact by reporting it as a return of capital. 

The deferral of PIK interest has a negative impact on liquidity, as it represents non-cash income that may require distribution of cash dividends to stockholders in order to maintain our RIC status. In addition, the deferral of PIK interest also increases the loan-to-value LTV ratio at a compounding rate, thus, increasing the risk that we will absorb a loss in the event of foreclosure. 

OID and market discount instruments create the risk of non-refundable incentive fee payments to MC Advisors based on non-cash accruals that we may not ultimately realize. 

50 

We are a non-diversified investment company
within the meaning of the 1940 Act, and therefore we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our assets that
may be invested in securities of a single issuer. 

We are classified as a non-diversified investment
company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, which means that we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our
assets that we may invest in securities of a single issuer. Our portfolio is and may in the future be concentrated in a limited number
of portfolio companies and industries. Beyond the asset diversification requirements associated with our qualification as a RIC under
the Code, we do not have fixed guidelines for diversification. To the extent that we assume large positions in the securities of a small
number of issuers, our net asset value may fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of
changes in the financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer. We may also be more susceptible to any single economic
or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company. As a result, the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly adversely
affected if a small number of investments perform poorly or if we need to write down the value of any one investment. Additionally, while
we are not targeting any specific industries, our investments may be concentrated in relatively few industries. As a result, a downturn
in any particular industry in which we are invested could also significantly impact the aggregate returns we realize. 

We may hold the debt securities of leveraged
companies that may, due to the significant volatility of such companies, enter into bankruptcy proceedings. 

Leveraged companies may experience bankruptcy
or similar financial distress. The bankruptcy process has a number of significant inherent risks. Many events in a bankruptcy proceeding
are the product of contested matters and adversary proceedings and are beyond the control of the creditors. A bankruptcy filing by a portfolio
company may adversely and permanently affect the portfolio company. If the proceeding is converted to a liquidation, the value of the
issuer may not equal the liquidation value that was believed to exist at the time of the investment. The duration of a bankruptcy proceeding
is also difficult to predict, and a creditor s return on investment can be adversely affected by delays until the plan of reorganization
or liquidation ultimately becomes effective. The administrative costs in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding are frequently high and
would be paid out of the debtor s estate prior to any return to creditors. Because the standards for classification of claims under
bankruptcy law are vague, our influence with respect to the class of securities or other obligations we own may be lost by increases in
the number and amount of claims in the same class or by different classification and treatment. In the early stages of the bankruptcy
process, it is often difficult to estimate the extent of, or even to identify, any contingent claims that might be made. In addition,
certain claims that have priority by law (for example, claims for taxes) may be substantial. 

Our failure to make follow-on investments
in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. 

Following an initial investment in a portfolio
company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments, in seeking to: 

increase or maintain in whole or in part our position as a creditor or equity ownership percentage in a portfolio company; 

exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing; or 

preserve or enhance the value of our investment. 

We have discretion to make follow-on investments,
subject to the availability of capital resources and the provisions of the 1940 Act. Failure on our part to make follow-on investments
may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed
opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on
investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our level of risk, because we prefer other
opportunities or because we are inhibited by compliance with BDC requirements or the desire to maintain our RIC status. Our ability to
make follow-on investments may also be limited by MC Advisors allocation policy. 

Because we do not hold controlling equity
interests in the majority of our portfolio companies, we may not be able to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent
decisions by management of our portfolio companies, which could decrease the value of our investments. 

Although we may do so in the future, we do not
currently hold controlling equity positions in the majority of our portfolio companies. Our debt investments may provide limited control
features such as restrictions, for example, on the ability of a portfolio company to assume additional debt, or to use the proceeds of
our investment for other than certain specified purposes. Control under the 1940 Act is presumed at more than 25 equity
ownership, and may also be present at lower ownership levels where we provide managerial assistance. When we do not acquire a controlling
equity position in a portfolio company, we may be subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions with which
we disagree, and that the management and/or stockholders of a portfolio company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that are adverse
to our interests. Due to the lack of liquidity of the debt and equity investments that we typically hold in our portfolio companies, we
may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company and may therefore suffer
a decrease in the value of our investments. 

51 

Defaults by our portfolio companies will
harm our operating results. 

A portfolio company s failure to satisfy
financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and
foreclosure on its assets. This could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize such portfolio company s ability
to meet its obligations under the debt or equity securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery
upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants, with a defaulting portfolio company. 

In addition, many of our investments will likely
have a principal amount outstanding at maturity, which could result in a substantial loss to us if the borrower is unable to refinance
or repay. 

Our portfolio companies may incur debt that
ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 

We generally seek to invest capital in senior,
unitranche and junior secured loans and, to a lesser extent, unsecured subordinated debt and equity. The portfolio companies in which
we invest usually have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the debt securities in which we
invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may provide that the holders are entitled to receive payment of interest or principal on
or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments in respect of the debt securities in which we invest. Also, in the event
of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior
to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution
in respect of our investment. After repaying senior creditors, the portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying
its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with debt securities in which we invest, we would have to share any distributions
on an equal and ratable basis with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization
or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. 

Additionally, certain loans that we make to portfolio
companies may be secured on a second-priority basis by the same collateral securing senior secured debt of such companies. The first-priority
liens on the collateral will secure the portfolio company s obligations under any outstanding senior debt and may secure certain
other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under the agreements governing the loans. The holders
of obligations secured by first-priority liens on the collateral will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive
proceeds from, any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of the collateral
in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be
no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured
by the second-priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the first-priority liens on the collateral. If such proceeds
were not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the loan obligations secured by the second-priority liens, then, to the extent
not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, we will only have an unsecured claim against the portfolio company s
remaining assets, if any. 

The rights we may have with respect to the collateral
securing the loans we make to our portfolio companies with senior debt outstanding may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or
more intercreditor agreements that we enter into with the holders of such senior debt, including in unitranche secured transactions. Under
a typical intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first-priority liens are outstanding, any
of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations secured
by the first-priority liens: 

the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral; 

the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings; 

the approval of amendments to collateral documents; 

releases of liens on the collateral; and 

waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. 

We may not have the ability to control or direct
such actions, even if our rights are adversely affected. In addition, a bankruptcy court may choose not to enforce an intercreditor agreement
or other agreement with creditors. 

We may also make unsecured loans to portfolio
companies, meaning that such loans will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on such portfolio companies 
collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company s obligations under its outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future
debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured loan agreements. The holders of obligations secured by
such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to
repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market
and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales
of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured loan obligations after payment in full of all secured loan obligations.
If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured loan obligations, then our unsecured claims would rank equally with
the unpaid portion of such secured creditors claims against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. 

52 

We may also make subordinated investments that
rank below other obligations of the obligor in right of payment. Subordinated investments are generally more volatile than secured loans
and are subject to greater risk of default than senior obligations as a result of adverse changes in the financial condition of the obligor
or in general economic conditions. If we make a subordinated investment in a portfolio company, the portfolio company may be highly leveraged,
and its relatively high LTV ratio may create increased risks that its operations might not generate sufficient cash flow to service all
of its debt obligations. 

We may be subject to risks associated with
syndicated loans. 

From time to time, our investments may consist
of syndicated loans. Under the documentation for such loans, a financial institution or other entity typically is designated as the administrative
agent and/or collateral agent. This agent is granted a lien on any collateral on behalf of the other lenders and distributes payments
on the indebtedness as they are received. The agent is the party responsible for administering and enforcing the loan and generally may
take actions only in accordance with the instructions of a majority or two-thirds in commitments and/or principal amount of the associated
indebtedness. In most cases, we do not expect to hold a sufficient amount of the indebtedness to be able to compel any actions by the
agent. Accordingly, we may be precluded from directing such actions unless we act together with other holders of the indebtedness. If
we are unable to direct such actions, we cannot assure you that the actions taken will be in our best interests. 

There is a risk that a loan agent may become bankrupt
or insolvent. Such an event would delay, and possibly impair, any enforcement actions undertaken by holders of the associated indebtedness,
including attempts to realize upon the collateral securing the associated indebtedness and/or direct the agent to take actions against
the related obligor or the collateral securing the associated indebtedness and actions to realize on proceeds of payments made by obligors
that are in the territory or control of any other financial institution. In addition, we may be unable to remove the agent in circumstances
in which removal would be in our best interests. Moreover, agented loans typically allow for the agent to resign with certain advance
notice. 

We may be subject to risks associated with
our investments in special situation companies. 

We may make investments in companies involved
in (or the target of) acquisition attempts or tender offers, or companies involved in spin-offs and similar transactions. In any investment
opportunity involving any such type of business enterprise, there exists the risk that the transaction in which such business enterprise
is involved will either be unsuccessful, take considerable time or result in a distribution of cash or a new security, the value of which
will be less than the purchase price to us of the security or other financial instrument in respect of which such distribution is received.
Similarly, if an anticipated transaction does not in fact occur, we may be required to sell our investment at a loss. In connection with
such transactions (or otherwise), we may purchase securities on a when-issued basis, which means that delivery and payment take place
sometime after the date of the commitment to purchase and are often conditioned upon the occurrence of a subsequent event, such as approval
and consummation of a merger, reorganization or debt restructuring. The purchase price and/or interest rate receivable with respect to
a when-issued security are fixed when we enter into the commitment. Such securities are subject to changes in market value prior to their
delivery. 

The disposition of our investments may result
in contingent liabilities. 

A significant portion of our investments involve
private securities. In connection with the disposition of an investment in private securities, we may be required to make representations
about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. We
may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations turn out to be inaccurate
or with respect to potential liabilities. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities that ultimately result in funding obligations
that we must satisfy through our return of distributions previously made to us. 

Investments in securities of foreign companies,
if any, may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. 

We may make investments in securities of foreign
companies. Investing in foreign companies may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies,
including changes in exchange control regulations, political and social instability, expropriation and imposition of foreign taxes. In
addition, any investments that we make that are denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to the risk that the value of a particular
currency will change in relation to one or more other currencies. Factors such as trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates,
differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation
and political developments may affect currency values. We may employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we cannot assure
you that we will, in fact, hedge currency risk, or, that if we do, such strategies will be effective. 

53 

We may be subject to additional risks if
we engage in hedging transactions and/or invest in foreign securities. 

The 1940 Act generally requires that 70 of our
investments be in issuers each of whom, in addition to other requirements, is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place
of business in, any state of the United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands or any other territory of the
United States. Our investment strategy does not contemplate a significant number of investments in securities of non-U.S. companies. We
expect that these investments would focus on the same investments that we make in U.S. middle-market companies and, accordingly, would
be complementary to our overall strategy and enhance the diversity of our holdings. 

To the extent that these investments are denominated
in a foreign currency, we may engage in hedging transactions. Engaging in either hedging transactions or investing in foreign securities
would entail additional risks to our stockholders. We may, for example, use instruments such as interest rate swaps, caps, collars and
floors, forward contracts or currency options or borrow under a revolving credit facility in foreign currencies to minimize our foreign
currency exposure. In each such case, we generally would seek to hedge against fluctuations of the relative values of our portfolio positions
from changes in market interest rates or currency exchange rates. Hedging against a decline in the values of our portfolio positions would
not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of the positions declined.
However, such hedging could establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in
the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions could also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying
portfolio positions increased. Moreover, it might not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation that
was so generally anticipated that we would not be able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. Our ability to engage
in hedging transactions may also be adversely affected by recent rules adopted by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 

While we may enter into such transactions to seek
to reduce currency exchange rate and interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in currency exchange rates or interest rates could result
in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation
between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged could
vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we might not seek to establish a perfect correlation between the hedging instruments and the
portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation could prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk
of loss. In addition, it might not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities
denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those securities would likely fluctuate as a result of factors not related to
currency fluctuations. 

We may not realize gains from our equity
investments. 

We currently hold, and we may in the future make
investments that include warrants or other equity or equity-related securities. In addition, we may from time to time make non-control,
equity co-investments in companies in conjunction with private equity sponsors. Our goal is ultimately to realize gains upon our disposition
of such equity interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly,
we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests
may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. We also may be unable to realize any value if a portfolio company does
not have a liquidity event, such as a sale of the business, recapitalization or public offering, which would allow us to sell the underlying
equity interests. We often seek puts or similar rights to give us the right to sell our equity securities back to the portfolio company
issuer. We may be unable to exercise these put rights for the consideration provided in our investment documents if the issuer is in financial
distress. 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 

There is currently no public market for
our stock, and the liquidity of your investment is limited. 

There is currently no public market for our common
stock, and a market for our common stock may never develop. Our common stock is not registered under the Securities Act, or any state
securities law and is restricted as to transfer by law and the terms of our charter. Our stockholders generally may not sell, assign or
transfer shares without prior written consent of MC Advisors, which MC Advisors may grant or withhold in its sole discretion. Except in
limited circumstances for legal or regulatory purposes, our stockholders are not entitled to redeem their shares. Our stockholders must
be prepared to bear the economic risk of an investment in our common stock for an indefinite period of time. While we may engage in a
liquidity event in the future, there can be no assurance that a liquidity event will be consummated for stockholders. Certain of our liquidity
options described in this annual report may require exemptive relief from the SEC. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain
such exemptive relief from the SEC. 

We intend to use commercially reasonable efforts
to raise the cash needed to repurchase up to 5 of outstanding shares of our common stock on a quarterly basis. Any such repurchases
are subject to approval by the Board, in its discretion, and the availability of cash to fund such repurchases. In addition, investor
participation in such repurchase offers will be subject to any applicable lock-up period pursuant to such investor s subscription
agreement. We anticipate that the majority of our assets will be private debt and as such, current liquidity with respect to such assets
will be driven by interest and amortization payments on such private debt rather than the sale of such assets. In addition, we are required
to reserve sufficient amounts to ensure that we do not default on any commitment under a loan. Consequently, there can be no assurance
that we will have sufficient cash to repurchase shares of our common stock on a quarterly basis or at all. The timing and number of shares
to be repurchased will depend on a number of factors, including repayment of investments by our portfolio companies and our ability to
incur leverage to fund repurchases and no assurances can be given that any common stock, or any particular amount, will be repurchased. 

54 

Additionally, investors in the Second Private
Offering will agree not to transfer or otherwise dispose of shares of our common stock purchased in the Second Private Offering until
the first anniversary of such investor s Closing Date, including pursuant to an offer by us to repurchase shares of
common stock in a tender offer or otherwise. 

Although we adopted a share repurchase program,
we have discretion to not repurchase your shares, to suspend the program, and to cease repurchases. 

Although we generally intend to repurchase up
to 5 of our total outstanding shares quarterly, the Board may not approve share repurchases, and any approval is in the Board s
discretion. You may not be able to sell your shares at all in the event the Board does not approve share repurchases, absent a liquidity
event, and we currently do not intend to undertake a liquidity event, and we are not obligated by our Articles of Amendment and Restatement
or otherwise to effect a liquidity event at any time. The share repurchase program has many limitations and will be subject to compliance
with applicable covenants and restrictions under our financing arrangements and regulatory restrictions, and should not be relied upon
as a method to sell shares promptly or at a desired price. 

The timing of our repurchase offers pursuant to our share repurchase
program may be at a time that is disadvantageous to our stockholders. 

In the event a stockholder chooses to participate
in our share repurchase program, the stockholder will be required to provide us with notice of intent to participate prior to knowing
what the net asset value per share of our common stock will be on the repurchase date. Although a stockholder will have the ability to
withdraw a repurchase request prior to the repurchase date, to the extent a stockholder seeks to sell shares to us as part of our periodic
share repurchase program, the stockholder will be required to do so without knowledge of what the repurchase price of our shares will
be on the repurchase date. 

Our stockholders may experience dilution. 

Our stockholders will not have preemptive rights
to subscribe to or purchase any shares issued in the future. To the extent we issue additional equity interests, including pursuant to
our current private offering or future private or public offerings, a stockholder s percentage ownership interest will be diluted.
In addition, depending upon the terms and pricing of any additional offerings and the value of our investments, a stockholder may also
experience dilution in the net asset value and fair value of our shares. 

We may not be able to pay distributions,
our distributions may not grow over time and/or a portion of our distributions may be a return of capital. 

We have paid and intend to continue to pay distributions
to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results that
will allow us to sustain a specified level of cash distributions or make periodic increases in cash distributions. Our ability to pay
distributions might be adversely affected by, among other things, the impact of one or more of the risk factors described herein. In addition,
the inability to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC could limit our ability to pay distributions. All distributions
will be paid at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our RIC status, compliance
with applicable BDC regulations and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant from time to time. We cannot assure you that we
will continue to pay distributions to our stockholders. 

When we make distributions, we will be required
to determine the extent to which such distributions are paid out of current or accumulated earnings and profits. Distributions in excess
of current and accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of an investor s
adjusted tax basis in our stock and, assuming that an investor holds our stock as a capital asset, thereafter as a capital gain. 

We may choose to pay a portion of our dividends
in our own stock, in which case you may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash you receive. 

We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that
provides for reinvestment of our dividends and other distributions on behalf of our stockholders that elect to participate in such plan.
We may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in part in our stock. Taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required
to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain or qualified dividend income to the extent
such distribution is properly reported as such) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. The tax rate for ordinary income will vary depending on a stockholder s particular characteristics. For individuals,
the top marginal U.S. federal ordinary income tax rate is 37 . To the extent distributions paid by us to non-corporate stockholders
(including individuals) are attributable to dividends from U.S. corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations, such distributions
generally will be eligible for a maximum qualified dividend U.S. federal tax rate of 20 . However, in this regard, it is anticipated
that distributions paid by us will generally not be attributable to such dividends and, therefore, generally will not qualify for the
U.S. preferential federal tax rate. Distributions of our net capital gains (which is generally our realized net long-term capital
gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) properly reported by us as capital gain dividends will be taxable
to an individual U.S. stockholder as long-term capital gains currently at a maximum U.S. federal tax rate of 20 . 

55 

As a result of receiving dividends in the form
of our common stock, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of any cash received. If a
U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included
in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect
to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. federal tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of
all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in shares of our common stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders
determine to sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of shares
of our common stock. 

In addition, as discussed above, our loans may
contain a PIK interest provision. The PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in each loan agreement, is added to the
principal balance of the loan and recorded as interest income. To avoid the imposition of U.S. federal income tax, we will need
to make sufficient distributions, a portion of which may be paid in shares of our common stock, regardless of whether our recognition
of income is accompanied by a corresponding receipt of cash. 

We may defer dividend payments to a subsequent taxable year. 

As a BDC, we will not be required to make any
distributions to stockholders other than in connection with our election to be taxed as a RIC under subchapter M of the Code. In order
to maintain tax treatment as a RIC, we must distribute to stockholders for each taxable year at least 90 of our investment company
taxable income (i.e., net ordinary income plus realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses).
If we qualify for taxation as a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our investment company
taxable income and net capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses)
that we timely distribute to stockholders. We will be subject to a 4 U.S. federal excise tax on undistributed earnings of a RIC unless
we distribute each calendar year at least the sum of (i) 98 of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of our capital
gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year, and (iii) any ordinary income and
net capital gains recognized for preceding years, but were not distributed during such years and on which we paid no U.S. federal
income tax. 

Under the Code, we may satisfy certain of our
RIC distributions with dividends paid after the end of the current year. In particular, if we pay a distribution in January of the following
year that was declared in October, November, or December of the current year and is payable to stockholders of record in the current year,
the dividend will be treated for all US federal tax purposes as if it were paid on December 31 of the current year. In addition, under
the Code, we may pay dividends, referred to as spillover dividends, that are paid during the following taxable year that
will allow us to maintain its qualification for taxation as a RIC and eliminate our liability for U.S. federal income tax. Under these
spillover dividend procedures, we may defer distribution of income earned during the current year until December of the following year.
For example, we may defer distributions of income earned during 2022 until as late as December 31, 2023. If we choose to pay a spillover
dividend, we will incur the 4 U.S. federal excise tax on some or all of the distribution. 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic or other disruptions
in the economy, we may take certain actions with respect to the timing and amounts of distributions in order to preserve cash and maintain
flexibility. For example, we may defer our dividends to the following taxable year. If we defer our dividends, we may choose to utilize
the spillover dividend rules discussed above and incur the 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such amounts. To further preserve cash, we may
combine these deferrals of dividends with one or more distributions that are payable partially in Shares as discussed above under We
may choose to pay a portion of our dividends in our own stock, in which case you may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash you
receive. 

Investing in our common stock may involve
an above-average degree of risk. 

The investments we make in accordance with our
investment objective may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options and a higher risk of volatility or loss
of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative and aggressive and, therefore, an investment in our common
stock may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. 

56 

Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation
Law and our charter and bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 

The Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter
and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or make more difficult a change in control of us or the removal of our directors.
We are subject to the Maryland Business Combination Act, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. Our Board has adopted
a resolution exempting from the Maryland Business Combination Act any business combination between us and any other person, subject to
prior approval of such business combination by our Board, including approval by a majority of our independent directors. If the resolution
exempting business combinations is repealed or our Board does not approve a business combination, the Maryland Business Combination Act
may discourage third parties from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer. In addition,
we may amend our bylaws to be subject to the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act, only if the Board determines that it would be in
our best interests, including in light of the Board s fiduciary obligations, applicable federal and state laws, and the particular
facts and circumstances surrounding the Board s decision. If such conditions are met, and we amend our bylaws to repeal the exemption
from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act, the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act also may make it more difficult for a third
party to obtain control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such a transaction. 

We have adopted certain measures that may make
it difficult for a third-party to obtain control of us, including provisions of our charter classifying our Board in three staggered terms
and authorizing our Board to classify or reclassify shares of our capital stock in one or more classes or series and to cause the issuance
of additional shares of our stock. These provisions, as well as other provisions of our charter and bylaws, may delay, defer or prevent
a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own any real estate or other physical
properties materially important to our operation. The principal executive offices of Monroe Capital are located at 311 South Wacker Drive,
Suite 6400, Chicago, Illinois 60606. Monroe Capital and its affiliates currently have additional offices, and/or company representatives
in New York, New York; Los Angeles, California; San Francisco, California; Atlanta, Georgia; Boston, Massachusetts; Miami, Florida; Naples,
Florida; and Seoul, South Korea. MC Management furnishes us office space, and we reimburse it for such costs on an allocated basis. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Neither we nor our investment adviser is currently
subject to any material legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

57 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

COMMON STOCK 

Our common stock will be offered and sold in transactions
exempt from registration under the Securities Act under Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation D, as well as under Regulation S under the Securities
Act. There is no established public trading market for our common stock currently, nor can we give any assurance that one will develop.
As of March 14, 2023, there were 3,750 holders of record of our common stock. Except as previously reported by us on our current reports
on Form 8-K or quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, we did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Form 10-K that were not
registered under the Securities Act. 

Shares of our common stock may not be directly or
indirectly sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of without the prior written consent of MC Advisors,
which consent may be given or withheld in the sole discretion of MC Advisors. Certain investors in the Second Private Offering will agree
to not transfer or otherwise dispose of shares of our common stock purchased in the Second Private Offering until the third anniversary
of such investor s closing date, including pursuant to an offer by us to repurchase Shares pursuant to a tender offer or otherwise.
Any costs associated with a transfer by a stockholder may be borne by such stockholder. 

DISTRIBUTIONS 

We currently intend to make distributions to our
stockholders at least quarterly out of assets legally available for distribution. We may also make additional distributions to our stockholders
from time to time. Our distributions, if any, will be determined by our board of directors. 

Our revolving credit facility, as amended, imposes
certain conditions that may limit the amount of cash available for distributions to stockholders. Distributions payable in our common
stock under our dividend reinvestment plan are not limited by the revolving credit facility. 

We have adopted an opt in dividend
reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. When we declare a distribution, our stockholders cash distributions will only be
reinvested in additional shares of our common stock if a stockholder specifically opts in to our dividend reinvestment plan.
Otherwise, a stockholder will automatically receive cash distributions. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

58 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. 

Please see Risk Factors and Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 

Overview 

Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation is an externally
managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). In addition, for U.S. federal income
tax purposes we have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the Code ). We currently qualify and intend to continue to qualify annually to be treated as a RIC for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

As an emerging growth company, we intend to take
advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

We are a specialty finance company that is focused
on providing financing solutions primarily to lower middle-market companies in the United States and Canada. We seek to provide investors
with attractive risk-adjusted returns and downside protection associated with investing in asset based and secured corporate private credit
opportunities in a manner that is decoupled from public markets volatility. We seek to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns
and downside protection by investing primarily in secured private credit transactions and assets, targeting investments that have significant
downside protection through a focus on asset coverage. We expect to invest primarily in: (i) senior secured and junior secured and unsecured
loans, notes, bonds, preferred equity (including preferred partnership equity), convertible debt and other securities; (ii) unitranche
secured loans (a combination of senior secured and junior secured debt in the same facility in which we syndicate a first out 
portion of the loan to an investor and retain a last out portion of the loan) and securities; (iii) asset-based loans and
securities; (iv) small business loans and leases; (v) structured debt and structured equity; (vi) syndicated loans; (vii) securitized
debt and subordinated notes of collateralized loan obligations facilities, asset-backed securities and other securitized products and
warehouse loan facilities; (viii) opportunities to acquire illiquid investments from other third-party funds as a result of liquidity
constraints resulting from investor redemptions and market dislocations; and (ix) capital investments in the secondary markets. As of
December 31, 2022, our portfolio included approximately 85.1 senior secured loans, 8.7 unitranche secured loans, 3.0 junior secured
loans and 3.2 equity securities, compared to December 31, 2021, our portfolio included approximately 90.5 senior secured loans, 4.3 
unitranche secured loans, 2.6 junior secured loans and 2.6 equity securities. We expect that the companies in which we invest may be
leveraged, often as a result of leveraged buyouts or other recapitalization transactions, and, in certain cases, will not be rated by
national ratings agencies. If such companies were rated, we believe that they would typically receive a rating below investment grade
(between BB and CCC under the Standard Poor s system) from the national rating agencies. 

We use Monroe Capital s extensive leveraged
finance origination infrastructure and broad expertise in sourcing loans to invest in senior secured, unitranche secured and junior secured
debt of middle-market companies. Our investment size will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base. We believe that our
focus on lending to lower middle-market companies offers several advantages as compared to lending to larger companies, including more
attractive economics, lower leverage, more comprehensive and restrictive covenants, more expansive events of default, relatively small
debt facilities that provide us with enhanced influence over our borrowers, direct access to borrower management and improved information
flow. 

We are conducting our second best efforts, continuous
private offering of our common stock to accredited investors in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act (the Second Private Offering ). At each closing an investor purchases shares of our common stock pursuant
to a subscription agreement entered into with us. At each closing, investors are required to fund their full subscription to purchase
shares of our common stock. On November 16, 2020, we held the final closing of our initial private offering (the Initial Private
Offering ). 

59 

The following table summarizes the issuance of
shares of our common stock pursuant to the Initial Private Offering (in thousands except shares and per share data): 

Date 
 NAV Per Share 
 Shares Issued 
 Proceeds 
 
 Initial Private Offering: 

January 15, 2019 
 10.00 
 1,017,500 
 10,175 
 
 April 2, 2019 
 10.00 
 1,596,600 
 15,966 
 
 April 4, 2019 
 10.00 
 275,500 
 2,755 
 
 April 8, 2019 
 10.00 
 21,000 
 210 
 
 July 1, 2019 
 10.00 
 2,384,300 
 23,843 
 
 October 1, 2019 
 10.00 
 1,527,500 
 15,275 
 
 January 2, 2020 
 10.00 
 2,036,841 
 20,369 
 
 May 15, 2020 
 9.29 
 1,580,867 
 14,686 
 
 August 17, 2020 
 9.50 
 1,049,263 
 9,968 
 
 November 16, 2020 
 9.60 
 2,068,125 
 19,854 
 
 Total 
 
 13,557,496 
 133,101 

The following table summarizes the issuance of
shares of our common stock pursuant to the Second Private Offering (in thousands except shares and per share data): 

Date 
 NAV Per Share 
 Shares Issued 
 Proceeds 
 
 Second Private Offering: 

March 15, 2021 
 9.74 
 5,301,797 
 51,639 
 
 May 18, 2021 
 9.86 
 2,792,748 
 27,537 
 
 August 18, 2021 
 9.94 
 6,086,569 
 60,500 
 
 November 17, 2021 
 10.06 
 7,959,940 
 80,077 
 
 March 15, 2022 
 10.10 
 12,173,590 
 122,953 
 
 May 17, 2022 
 10.16 
 8,022,706 
 81,511 
 
 August 16, 2022 
 10.10 
 8,681,792 
 87,686 
 
 November 15, 2022 
 10.10 
 8,895,565 
 89,845 
 
 Total 
 
 59,914,707 
 601,748 

During 2022, we commenced a quarterly share repurchase
program in which we intend to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of the shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of the previous
calendar quarter (the Share Repurchase Program ), subject to the discretion of our Board. Any such repurchases are subject
to approval by our Board, in its discretion, and the availability of cash to fund such repurchases. Our Board may amend, suspend or terminate
the share repurchase program if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. 

The following table summarizes the total shares
repurchased that were validly tendered under the Share Repurchase Program and not withdrawn during the year ended December 31, 2022 (in
thousands except shares and per share data): 

Date 
 
 Price Per 
Share 

Shares 
Repurchased 

Total Cost 

For the year ended December 31, 2022: 

April 15, 2022 

10.10 

641,640 

6,480 

June 16, 2022 

10.16 

333,527 

3,389 

September 16, 2022 

10.10 

139,216 

1,406 

December 15, 2022 

10.10 

208,828 

2,110 

Total 

1,323,211 

13,385 

There were no shares repurchased prior to January 1, 2022. 

Investment income 

We generate interest income on the debt investments
in portfolio company investments that we originate or acquire. Our debt investments, whether in the form of senior secured, unitranche
secured or junior secured debt, typically have an initial term of three to seven years and bear interest at a fixed or floating rate.
In some instances, we receive payments on our debt investments based on scheduled amortization of the outstanding balances. In addition,
we receive repayments of some of our debt investments prior to their scheduled maturity date. In some cases, our investments provide for
deferred interest of payment-in-kind PIK interest. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination,
amendment, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and consulting fees. Loan origination fees, original
issue discount and market discount or premium are capitalized, and we accrete or amortize such amounts as interest income. We record prepayment
premiums and prepayment gains (losses) on loans as interest income. As the frequency or volume of the repayments which trigger these prepayment
premiums and prepayment gains (losses) may fluctuate significantly from period to period, the associated interest income recorded may
also fluctuate significantly from period to period. Interest and fee income is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent we expect to
collect such amounts. Interest income is accrued based upon the outstanding principal amount and contractual terms of debt and preferred
equity investments. Interest is accrued on a daily basis. We record fees on loans based on the determination of whether the fee is considered
a yield enhancement or payment for a service. If the fee is considered a yield enhancement associated with a funding of cash on a loan,
the fee is generally deferred and recognized into interest income using the effective interest method if captured in the cost basis or
using the straight-line method if the loan is unfunded and therefore there is no cost basis. If the fee is not considered a yield enhancement
because a service was provided, and the fee is payment for that service, the fee is deemed earned and recognized as fee income in the
period the service is completed. 

Dividend income on preferred equity securities
is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected
to be collected. Dividend income on common equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies. Each distribution
received from limited liability company LLC and limited partnership LP investments is evaluated to determine
if the distribution should be recorded as dividend income or a return of capital. Generally, we will not record distributions from equity
investments in LLCs and LPs as dividend income unless there are sufficient accumulated tax-basis earnings and profits in the LLC or LP
prior to the distribution. Distributions that are classified as a return of capital are recorded as a reduction in the cost basis of
the investment. The frequency and volume of the distributions on common equity securities and LLC and LP investments may fluctuate significantly
from period to period. 

60 

Expenses 

Our primary operating expenses include the payment
of base management and incentive fees to MC Advisors under the investment advisory agreement entered into on December 5, 2018 (the Investment
Advisory Agreement ), the payment of fees to MC Management for our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses under the administration
agreement entered into on December 5, 2018 (the Administration Agreement ), and other operating costs. See Note 6 to our
consolidated financial statements and Related Party Transactions below for additional information on our Investment Advisory
Agreement and Administration Agreement. Our expenses also include interest expense on indebtedness. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs
and expenses of our operations and transactions. 

Net gain (loss) 

We recognize realized gains or losses on investments,
foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency and other transactions based on the difference between the net proceeds from the
disposition and the cost basis without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized within net realized gain (loss) on the
consolidated statements of operations. We record current period changes in fair value of investments, foreign currency forward contracts,
foreign currency and other transactions within net change in unrealized gain (loss) on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Portfolio and Investment Activity 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested
 706.0 million in 63 new portfolio companies, 195.5 million in 57 existing portfolio companies and had 140.6) million in aggregate
amount of sales and principal repayments, resulting in net investments of 761.0 million for the year. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we invested
 488.5 million in 54 new portfolio companies, 103.7 million in 31 existing portfolio companies and had 89.2) million in aggregate amount
of sales and principal repayments, resulting in net investments of 503.0 million for the year. 

During the year ended December 31, 2020, we invested
 106.5 million in 30 new portfolio companies, 10.9 million in 17 existing portfolio companies and had 28.1 million in aggregate amount
of sales and principal repayments, resulting in net investments of 89.3 million for the year. 

The following table shows portfolio yield by security
type: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Weighted Average Annualized Contractual Coupon Yield (1) 
 Weighted Average Annualized Effective Yield (2) 
 Weighted Average Annualized Contractual Coupon Yield (1) 
 Weighted Average Annualized Effective Yield (2) 
 
 Senior secured loans 
 10.8 
 10.8 
 7.6 
 7.6 
 
 Unitranche secured loans 
 11.0 
 11.3 
 7.9 
 8.4 
 
 Junior secured loans 
 11.9 
 11.9 
 11.4 
 11.4 
 
 Equity securities 
 6.6 
 6.6 
 8.6 
 8.6 
 
 Total 
 10.8 
 10.8 
 7.6 
 7.6 

(1) 
 The weighted average annualized contractual coupon yield at period end is computed by dividing (a) the interest income on our debt investments and preferred equity investments (with a stated coupon rate) at the period end contractual coupon rate for each investment by (b) the par value of our debt investments and the cost basis of our preferred equity investments. 

(2) 
 The weighted average annualized effective yield on portfolio investments at period end is computed by dividing (a) interest income on our debt investments and preferred equity investments (with a stated coupon rate) at the period end effective rate for each investment by (b) the par value of our debt investments and the cost basis of our preferred equity investments. The weighted average annualized effective yield on portfolio investments is a metric on the investment portfolio alone and does not represent a return to stockholders. This metric is not inclusive of our fees and expenses, the impact of leverage on the investment portfolio or sales load that may be paid by stockholders. 

61 

The following table shows the composition of our
investment portfolio at fair value and as percentage of our total investments at fair value (in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Fair Value: 

Senior secured loans 
 1,250,788 
 85.1 
 638,120 
 90.5 
 
 Unitranche secured loans 
 127,378 
 8.7 
 30,161 
 4.3 
 
 Junior secured loans 
 44,469 
 3.0 
 18,580 
 2.6 
 
 Equity securities 
 46,361 
 3.2 
 18,029 
 2.6 
 
 Total 
 1,468,996 
 100.0 
 704,890 
 100.0 

Our portfolio composition at December 31, 2022
remained relatively consistent with our portfolio composition at December 31, 2021. Our effective
yields at December 31, 2022 increased from December 31, 2021, driven primarily by increases in LIBOR and SOFR. All of our loans were above
the interest rate floors at December 31, 2022. 

The following table shows our portfolio composition
by industry at fair value and as percentage of our total investments at fair value (in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Fair Value: 

Aerospace Defense 
 21,049 
 1.4 
 22,358 
 3.2 
 
 Automotive 
 38,843 
 2.7 
 25,864 
 3.7 
 
 Banking 
 37,979 
 2.6 
 9,606 
 1.4 
 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 16,439 
 1.1 
 19,032 
 2.7 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 56,074 
 3.8 
 10,270 
 1.4 
 
 Construction Building 
 34,877 
 2.4 
 19,202 
 2.7 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 
 40,357 
 2.7 
 18,420 
 2.6 
 
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 
 32,843 
 2.2 
 24,777 
 3.5 
 
 Containers, Packaging Glass 
 11,675 
 0.8 
 2,029 
 0.3 
 
 Energy: Oil Gas 
 3,597 
 0.2 
 3,591 
 0.5 
 
 Environmental Industries 
 31,457 
 2.1 
 13,271 
 1.9 
 
 FIRE: Finance 
 66,639 
 4.5 
 27,505 
 3.9 
 
 FIRE: Insurance 
 9,641 
 0.7 

FIRE: Real Estate 
 71,154 
 4.8 
 43,066 
 6.1 
 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 210,831 
 14.4 
 78,589 
 11.1 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 180,823 
 12.3 
 81,220 
 11.5 
 
 Hotels, Gaming Leisure 
 2,331 
 0.2 
 2,318 
 0.3 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 129,362 
 8.8 
 78,300 
 11.1 
 
 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 
 2,019 
 0.1 
 1,859 
 0.3 
 
 Media: Diversified Production 
 46,348 
 3.2 
 34,428 
 4.9 
 
 Services: Business 
 184,535 
 12.6 
 93,582 
 13.3 
 
 Services: Consumer 
 77,998 
 5.3 
 37,319 
 5.3 
 
 Telecommunications 
 36,415 
 2.5 
 40,656 
 5.8 
 
 Transportation: Cargo 
 97,153 
 6.6 
 14,646 
 2.1 
 
 Wholesale 
 28,557 
 2.0 
 2,982 
 0.4 
 
 Total 
 1,468,996 
 100.0 
 704,890 
 100.0 

Portfolio Asset Quality 

MC Advisors portfolio management staff
closely monitors all credits, with senior portfolio managers covering agented and more complex investments. MC Advisors segregates our
capital markets investments by industry. The MC Advisors monitoring process and projections developed by Monroe Capital both have
daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly components and related reports, each to evaluate performance against historical, budget and underwriting
expectations. MC Advisors analysts will monitor performance using standard industry software tools to provide consistent disclosure
of performance. When necessary, MC Advisors will update our internal risk ratings, borrowing base criteria and covenant compliance reports. 

As part of the monitoring process, MC Advisors
regularly assesses the risk profile of each of our investments and rates each of them based on an internal proprietary system that uses
the categories listed below, which we refer to as MC Advisors investment performance risk rating. For any investment rated in grades
3, 4 or 5, MC Advisors, through its internal Portfolio Management Group PMG ), will increase its monitoring intensity and
prepare regular updates for the investment committee, summarizing current operating results and material impending events and suggesting
recommended actions. The PMG is responsible for oversight and management of any investments rated in grades 3, 4, or 5. MC Advisors monitors
and, when appropriate, changes the investment ratings assigned to each investment in our portfolio. In connection with our valuation process,
MC Advisors reviews these investment performance risk ratings on a quarterly basis. The investment performance risk rating system is described
as follows: 

62 

Investment 
 Performance 
 Risk Rating 
 
 Summary Description 
 
 Grade 1 
 
 Includes investments exhibiting the least amount of risk in our portfolio. The issuer is performing above expectations or the issuer s operating trends and risk factors are generally positive. 

Grade 2 
 
 Includes investments exhibiting an acceptable level of risk that is similar to the risk at the time of origination. The issuer is generally performing as expected or the risk factors are neutral to positive. 

Grade 3 
 
 Includes investments performing below expectations and indicates that the investment s risk has increased somewhat since origination. The issuer may be out of compliance with debt covenants; however, scheduled loan payments are generally not past due. 

Grade 4 
 
 Includes an issuer performing materially below expectations and indicates that the issuer s risk has increased materially since origination. In addition to the issuer being generally out of compliance with debt covenants, scheduled loan payments may be past due (but generally not more than six months past due). 

Grade 5 
 
 Indicates that the issuer is performing substantially below expectations and the investment risk has substantially increased since origination. Most or all of the debt covenants are out of compliance or payments are substantially delinquent. Investments graded 5 are not anticipated to be repaid in full. 

Our investment performance risk ratings do not
constitute any rating of investments by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or reflect or represent any third-party
assessment of any of our investments. 

In the event of a delinquency or a decision to
rate an investment Grade 4 or Grade 5, the PMG, in consultation with the investment committee, will develop an action plan. Such a plan
may require a meeting with the borrower s management or the lender group to discuss reasons for the default and the steps management
is undertaking to address the under-performance, as well as amendments and waivers that may be required. In the event of a dramatic deterioration
of a credit, MC Advisors and the PMG will form a team or engage outside advisors to analyze, evaluate and take further steps to preserve
our value in the credit. In this regard, we would expect to explore all options, including in a private equity sponsored investment, assuming
certain responsibilities for the private equity sponsor or a formal sale of the business with oversight of the sale process by us. The
PMG and the investment committee have extensive experience in running debt work-out transactions and bankruptcies. 

The following table shows the distribution of
our investments on the 1 to 5 investment performance risk rating scale as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Investment Performance Risk Rating 
 
 Investments at 
Fair Value 

Percentage of 
Total Investments 

1 

2 

1,396,200 

95.0 

3 

72,190 

4.9 

4 

606 

0.1 

5 

Total 

1,468,996 

100.0 

The following table shows the distribution of
our investments on the 1 to 5 investment performance risk rating scale as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Investment Performance Risk Rating 
 
 Investments at 
Fair Value 

Percentage of 
Total Investments 

1 

2 

693,017 

98.3 

3 

11,459 

1.6 

4 

414 

0.1 

5 

Total 

704,890 

100.0 

63 

As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no borrowers with a loan or preferred equity securities on non-accrual status. 

Results of Operations 

Operating results were as follows (in thousands): 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Total investment income 
 91,675 
 32,133 
 13,076 
 
 Total operating expenses, net of fee waivers 
 41,690 
 14,405 
 4,019 
 
 Net investment income before income taxes 
 49,985 
 17,728 
 9,057 
 
 Income taxes, including excise taxes 
 169 
 (1 
 72 
 
 Net investment income 
 49,816 
 17,729 
 8,985 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) on investments 
 (17 
 488 
 15 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) on foreign currency forward contracts 
 664 
 29 

Net realized gain (loss) on foreign currency and other transactions 
 (4 
 (47 
 31 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) 
 643 
 470 
 46 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments 
 (5,330 
 8,982 
 (884 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency forward contracts 
 711 
 742 
 (157 
 
 Net unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency and other transactions 
 1 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 
 (4,618 
 9,724 
 (1,041 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 45,841 
 27,923 
 7,990 

Investment Income 

The composition of our investment income was as
follows (in thousands): 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Interest income 
 78,960 
 27,327 
 11,643 
 
 PIK interest income 
 5,920 
 1,298 
 295 
 
 Dividend income (1) 
 501 
 239 
 60 
 
 Fee income 
 2,182 
 1,107 
 187 
 
 Prepayment gain (loss) 
 1,496 
 1,166 
 279 
 
 Accretion of discounts and amortization of premium 
 2,616 
 996 
 612 
 
 Total investment income 
 91,675 
 32,133 
 13,076 

(1) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, dividend income includes PIK dividends of 358, 176 and 59, respectively. 

The increase in investment income of 59.5 million
during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily the result of an increase in interest
income due to the growth of our investment portfolio and increases in effective rates on
the portfolio as a result of the rising interest rate environment. The increase in investment income of 19.1 million during the year
ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, is primarily due to growth in the portfolio. 

64 

Operating Expenses 

The composition of our operating expenses was
as follows (in thousands): 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest and other debt financing expenses 

21,734 

6,036 

2,161 

Base management fees, net of base management fee waivers (1) 

11,310 

4,602 

869 

Incentive fees, net of incentive fee waivers (2) 

4,876 

2,009 

(132) 

Professional fees 

1,656 

587 

434 

Administrative service fees 

1,132 

560 

332 

General and administrative expenses 

900 

551 

295 

Directors fees 

82 

60 

60 

Total operating expenses, net of fee waivers 

41,690 

14,405 

4,019 

(1) 
 Base management fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 13,011, 6,027 and 2,399, respectively. MC Advisors elected to voluntarily waive 1,701, 1,425 and 1,530 of such base management fees for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Such waivers are not subject to recoupment by MC Advisors. There is no guarantee that MC Advisors will waive any base management fees in the future. 

(2) 
 Incentive fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 6,344, comprised of part one incentive fees of 7,080 and a return of part two capital
gains incentive fees previously accrued of 736). Pursuant to the fee waiver letter, MC Advisors elected to voluntarily waive the part
one incentive fees of 1,468 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Incentive fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 4,449,
comprised of part one incentive fees of 2,937 and part two capital gains incentive fees of 1,512. MC Advisors elected to voluntarily
waive the part one incentive fees of 2,440 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Incentive fees for the year ended December 31, 2020
were 1,179, comprised of part one incentive fees of 1,311 and a return of part two capital gains incentive fees previously accrued of 132). MC Advisors elected to voluntarily waive the part one incentive fees of 1,311 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Such waivers
are not subject to recoupment by MC Advisors. Except with respect to the permanent waiver agreed to by MC Advisors pursuant to the fee
waiver letter, there is no guarantee that MC Advisors will waive any incentive fees in the future. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial
statements and Capital Gains Incentive Fee below for additional information. 

The composition of our interest and other debt
financing expenses, average debt outstanding and average stated interest rates (i.e. the rate in effect plus spread) were as follows (in
thousands): 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Interest expense Credit Facility 
 9,799 
 5,129 
 1,868 
 
 Interest expense Term Loan 
 224 

Interest expense 2022 ABS 
 9,448 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 2,263 
 907 
 293 
 
 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 
 21,734 
 6,036 
 2,161 
 
 Average debt outstanding 
 409,913 
 140,127 
 49,171 
 
 Average stated interest rate 
 4.7 
 3.6 
 3.8 

The increase in operating expenses of 27.3
million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, is primarily a result of an
increase in interest expense as average borrowings increased to support the growth of the portfolio and an increase in base
management and incentive fees, net of fee waivers. The increase in operating expenses of 10.4 million during the year ended
December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, is primarily the result of an increase in interest expense
on our Credit Facility as average borrowings increased to support the growth of the portfolio and an increase in base management
fees and incentive fees, net of fee waivers. 

Income Taxes, Including Excise Taxes 

We have elected to be treated, currently qualify,
and intend to continue to qualify annually as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and operate in a manner so as to qualify for the U.S.
federal income tax treatment available to RICs. To maintain qualification as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income
and asset diversification requirements and distribute to stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company
taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gains over
realized net long-term capital losses. 

Depending on the level of taxable income earned
in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward such taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions from such current year
taxable income into the next year and pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates and a 4 excise tax on such income, as required.
To the extent that we determine that our estimated current year annual taxable income may exceed estimated current year dividend distributions,
we accrue excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as such taxable income is earned. For the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020, we recorded a net expense on the consolidated statements of operations of 0.1 million, 1) thousand and 72 thousand,
respectively, for U.S. federal excise tax. 

Certain
of our consolidated subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal and state corporate-level income taxes. For the years ended December 31,
2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded a net tax expense of 43 thousand, zero and zero, respectively on the consolidated statements
of operations for these subsidiaries. 

65 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020, we had sales of investments of 15.8 million, 9.1 million and 1.9 million, respectively, resulting in 17) thousand, 0.5
million and 15 thousand of net realized gain (loss) on investments, respectively. 

We have entered and may continue to enter into
foreign currency forward contracts to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. During the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had 0.7 million, 29 thousand and zero of net realized gain (loss) on foreign currency forward contracts,
respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had 4) thousand, 47) thousand and 31 thousand of net realized
gain (loss) on foreign currency and other transactions, respectively. 

Net Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020, our investments had 5.3) million, 9.0 million and 0.9) million of net change in unrealized gain (loss), respectively. The net change in unrealized gain (loss) includes both unrealized gain on investments in our portfolio with mark-to-market gains during
the year and unrealized loss on investments in our portfolio with mark-to-market losses during the year. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the net change in unrealized
loss on investments was primarily attributable to portfolio companies that have underlying credit performance concerns resulting in a
risk rating of Grade 3, 4 or 5 on our investment performance risk rating scale that were still held as of December 31, 2022 of 4.1 million.
Additionally, overall market volatility and spread widening in the loan market contributed to the net unrealized loss on investments. 

We estimate approximately 8.5 million of the
net change in unrealized gains on investments during the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable to broad market movements and tightening
of credit spreads in the loan markets. Approximately 0.5 million in net change in unrealized gains was attributable to portfolio companies
that have underlying credit or fundamental performance concerns resulting in a risk rating of Grade 3, 4 or 5 on our investment performance
risk rating scale. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and
2020, our foreign currency forward contracts had 0.7 million, 0.7 million and 0.2) million of net change in unrealized gain (loss),
respectively. 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

For the
years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations was 45.8 million,
 27.9 million and 8.0 million, respectively. Based on the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding years ended December 31,
2022, 2021 and 2020, our per share net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations was 0.83, 1.20 and 0.75, respectively.
The 17.9 million increase during the year ended December 31, 2022, is primarily the result of increased net investment income
due to the significant portfolio growth and increases in effective interest rates on the portfolio as a result of the rising interest
rate environment. The increases in net investment income were partially offset by net unrealized mark-to-market losses on investments
during the year ended December 31, 2022. The 19.9 million increase during the year ended December
31, 2021, is primarily the result of increased net investment income due to the significant portfolio growth and net unrealized
mark-to-market gains on investments in the portfolio . The 4.8 million increase during the year
ended December 31, 2020, is primarily as a result of an increase in net investment income, partially offset by an increase in net mark-to-market
losses on investments in the portfolio primarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We generate cash primarily from (i) the net
proceeds of private offerings, (ii) cash flows from our operations, and (iii) borrowings under our existing leverage facilities and any financing arrangements we may enter into in the future. These financings may come in the form of borrowings from banks
and issuances of senior securities. Our primary uses of cash are for (i) investments in portfolio companies and other investments
to comply with certain portfolio diversification requirements, (ii) the cost of operations (including paying MC Advisors and reimbursements
to MC Management), (iii) debt service of any borrowings, (iv) share repurchases under our share repurchase program and (v) cash
distributions to our stockholders. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 5.7 million in
cash, 26.7 million in restricted cash at MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC (the SPV ), 0.4 million in restricted cash at
MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC (the SPV II ), 19.4 million in restricted cash at Monroe Capital Income Plus ABS Funding,
LLC (the 2022 Issuer ). Additionally, we had 357.4 million debt outstanding on our Credit Facility, 100.0 million
on our Term Loan and 306.0 million debt outstanding on our 2022 ABS. We had 92.6 million available for additional borrowings
on our revolving credit facility, subject to borrowing base availability. See Borrowings below for additional
information. 

66 

In accordance with the 1940 Act, we are permitted
to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing. As of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, our asset coverage ratio based on aggregate borrowings outstanding was 199 and 206 , respectively. 

Cash Flows 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced
a net increase in cash and restricted cash of 38.2 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 705.6 million in operating
activities, primarily as a result of purchases of portfolio investments, partially offset by principal repayments on and sales of portfolio
investments. During the same period, we generated 743.8 million from financing activities, primarily as a result of net borrowings on
our debt facilities and the proceeds from issuance of common stock, partially offset by distributions to stockholders. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we experienced
a net increase in cash and restricted cash of 7.9 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we used 482.2 million in operating
activities, primarily as a result of purchases of portfolio investments, partially offset by sales of and principal repayments on portfolio
investments. During the same period, we generated 490.1 million from financing activities, primarily as a result of the issuance of common
stock and proceeds from net borrowings on our revolving credit facility, partially offset by distributions to stockholders. 

For the year ended December 31, 2020, we experienced
a net increase in cash and restricted cash of 2.0 million. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we used 83.9 million in operating activities,
primarily as a result of purchases of portfolio investments, partially offset by sales of and principal repayments on portfolio investments.
During the same period, we generated 85.9 million from financing activities, primarily as a result of proceeds from the issuance of common
stock and proceeds from net borrowings on our revolving credit facility, partially offset by distributions to shareholders. 

Capital Resources 

As a BDC, we distribute substantially all of our
net income to our stockholders and have an ongoing need to raise additional capital for investment purposes. We intend to generate additional
cash primarily from future offerings of securities, including our current Second Private Offering and any subsequent offerings, future
borrowings and cash flows from operations, including income earned from investments in our portfolio companies. On both a short-term and
long-term basis, our primary use of funds will be to invest in portfolio companies, fund share repurchases under our share repurchase
program and make cash distributions to our stockholders. We may also use available funds to repay outstanding borrowings. 

As a BDC, we are generally not permitted to issue
and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value NAV per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants,
options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current NAV per share of our common stock if our board of directors
(the Board ), including our independent directors, determines that such sale is in the best interests of us and our stockholders,
and if our stockholders have approved such sales. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 74,533,202 and 36,565,162 shares outstanding,
respectively. 

67 

Distributions 

Distributions to common stockholders are recorded
on the applicable record date. The amount, if any, to be distributed to common stockholders is determined by our Board at least quarterly
and is generally based upon our earnings estimated by management. Net realized capital gains, if any, are generally distributed at least
annually. 

The determination of the tax attributes for our
distributions is made annually, based upon our taxable income for the full year and distributions paid for the full year. Ordinary dividend
distributions from a RIC do not qualify for the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income from domestic corporations and qualified
foreign corporations, except to the extent that the RIC received the income in the form of qualifying dividends from domestic corporations
and qualified foreign corporations. The tax attributes for distributions will generally include both ordinary income and capital gains,
but may also include qualified dividends or return of capital. Distributions to stockholders for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020 totaled 44.3 million 0.82 per share), 21.7 million 1.00 per share) and 6.2 million 0.60 per share), respectively, of
which zero, 0.4 million and zero represented return of capital, respectively. The tax character of such distributions is determined at the end of the fiscal year. 

We have adopted a DRIP that provides for the reinvestment
of dividends and other distributions on behalf of its stockholders that elect to participate in such plan. As a result, if we declare
a dividend or distribution, our stockholders cash distributions will only be reinvested in additional shares of our common stock
if a stockholder specifically opts in to the DRIP at least ten (10) days prior to the record date fixed by our Board. Shares
issued under the DRIP will be issued at a price per share equal to the NAV per share as of the last day of our fiscal quarter immediately
preceding the date that the distribution was declared. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information
on our distributions. 

Borrowings 

Our outstanding debt as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 was as follows (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Total Aggregate 
 Principal Amount 
 Committed/ Outstanding (1) 
 Principal 
 Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Carrying 
Value 
 Total Aggregate 
 Principal Amount 
 Committed/ Outstanding (1) 
 Principal 
 Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Carrying 
Value 
 
 Credit Facility 
 450,000 
 357,400 
 354,904 (2) 
 450,000 
 348,600 
 344,985 (2) 
 
 Term Loan 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 98,953 (3) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 2022 ABS 
 306,000 (4) 
 306,000 
 297,629 (5) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Total 
 856,000 
 763,400 
 751,486 
 450,000 
 348,600 
 344,985 

(1) Represents
the total aggregate amount committed or outstanding, as applicable, under such instrument. 

 (2) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding
of the Credit Facility (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total unamortized
debt issuance costs was 2.5 million and 3.6 million, respectively. 

 (3) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding
of the Term Loan (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022, the total unamortized debt issuance
costs was 1.0 million. 

 (4) Class C Senior Secured Notes and Subordinated Notes
(as defined below) totaling 36.1 million and 82.9 million, respectively, are excluded from the total aggregate principal
amount committed/outstanding amount as these notes are eliminated in consolidation. 

 (5) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding
of the 2022 ABS (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022, the total unamortized debt issuance
costs was 8.4 million. 

Revolving Credit Facility: We have a 450.0
million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with KeyBank National Association, as agent,
through our wholly-owned subsidiary, the SPV. Our ability to borrow under the Credit Facility is subject to certain financial and restrictive
covenants as well as availability under the borrowing base, which permits us to borrow up to 72 of the principal balance of our portfolio
company investments depending on the type of investment, subject to a maximum advance rate on the portfolio of 67 . Under the terms of the Credit Facility, the SPV is permitted to reinvest available
cash and make new borrowings under the Credit Facility through July 16, 2024. The maturity date of the Credit Facility is July 16,
2026. Distributions from the SPV to us are limited by the terms of the Credit Facility, which generally allows for the distribution of
net interest income pursuant to a waterfall quarterly during the reinvestment period. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the fair value of our investments held in the SPV as collateral for the Credit Facility was 691.2 million and 616.0 million, respectively,
and these investments are identified on the accompanying consolidated schedules of investments. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, we had outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility of 357.4 million and 348.6 million, respectively. 

68 

During the reinvestment period, borrowings under
the Credit Facility bear interest at an annual rate of LIBOR (one or three month, at the SPV s option and subject to a LIBOR minimum
of 0.50 plus a margin ranging from 2.75 to a maximum of 3.00 , depending on the level of utilization of the facility and the number
of obligors of eligible loans pledged as collateral in the SPV. After the reinvestment period, borrowings under the Credit Facility bear
interest at an annual rate of LIBOR plus 3.25 . In addition to the stated interest rate on borrowings, the SPV is required to pay an unused
commitment fee of (i) 0.50 per annum on any unused portion of the Credit Facility when the outstanding borrowings are less than
or equal to 60 of the facility amount and (ii) 0.35 per annum on any unused portion of the Credit Facility when the outstanding
borrowings are greater than 60 of the facility amount. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, the outstanding borrowings were accruing at a weighted average interest rate of 6.9 and 3.3 , respectively. 

Term 
 Loan : On December 20, 2022, we entered into a senior secured term credit facility (the Term Loan with KeyBank National
Association, as lead arranger and administrative agent, through a special purpose wholly-owned subsidiary, MC Income Plus Financing SPV
II SPV II as borrower. The Term Loan initially allowed SPV II to borrow an aggregate principal amount of 100.0 million,
and includes an accordion feature which allows us, under certain circumstances, to increase the total size of the facility upon request
to the administrative agent and with the consent of one or more additional lenders. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings
under the Term Loan of 100.0 million. As of December 31, 2022 the fair value of our investments held in SPV II as collateral for the
Term Loan was 141.4 million, and these investments are identified on the accompanying consolidated schedules of investments. 

Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest at
Adjusted Term SOFR (subject to a SOFR minimum of 0.50 plus an applicable margin rate of 2.40 per annum during the initial period, December
20, 2022 through December 20, 2025, and 3.40 per annum during the amortization period, December 21, 2025 through December 20, 2026. The
Term Loan matures on December 20, 2026, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
borrowings were accruing at a weighted average interest rate of 6.7 . 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred
financing costs of 1.1 million in conjunction with the Term Loan, which have been capitalized within unamortized deferred financing costs
and are amortized into interest and other debt financing expenses over the life of the loan. 

Under
the terms of the Term Loan, pursuant to a monthly waterfall and subject to the satisfaction of certain coverage tests and portfolio quality
tests, SPV II is permitted to reinvest 25 of principal proceeds during the initial period, with the remaining 75 applied to prepay the
Term Loan. During the amortization period, pursuant to a monthly waterfall, 100 of principal proceeds must be applied to prepay the Term
Loan. The Term Loan contains representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants customary for secured financings of
this type. The Term Loan also contains customary events of default (subject to certain grace periods, as applicable), including but not
limited to the nonpayment of principal, interest or fees, breach of covenants, voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceedings and change
of control of the borrower. 

Asset-Backed Securitization: On April 7,
2022, we completed a 425.0 million asset-backed securitization (the 2022 ABS ). The notes offered in the 2022 ABS were issued
by the 2022 Issuer, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and are secured by a diversified portfolio of senior secured loans. The
transaction was executed through a private placement of 261.4 million of Class A Senior Secured Notes, which bear interest at 4.05 (the
 Class A Notes ), 44.6 million of Class B Senior Secured Notes, which bear interest at 5.15 (the Class B Notes and 36.1 million of Class C Senior Secured Notes, which bear interest at 7.75 (the Class C Notes and collectively with
the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, the Secured 2022 Notes ), and 82.9 million of Subordinated Notes, which do
not bear interest (the Subordinated 2022 Notes and, together with the Secured 2022 Notes, the 2022 Notes ).
We retained all of the Class C Notes and the Subordinated 2022 Notes. The Class A Notes and the Class B Notes are included as debt on
the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, the Class C and Subordinated Notes were eliminated
in consolidation. 

The 2022 Issuer used the proceeds from the securitization
to, among other things, purchase certain investments from us and the SPV. Through April 22, 2024, the 2022 Issuer is permitted to use
all principal collections received on the underlying collateral to purchase new collateral under the direction of MC Advisors, in its
capacity as collateral manager of the 2022 Issuer, in accordance with our investment strategy and subject to customary conditions set
forth in the documents governing the 2022 ABS, allowing us to maintain the initial leverage in the 2022 ABS. The 2022 Notes are due on
April 30, 2032. 

As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of
our investments held in the 2022 Issuer as collateral was 410.2 million and these investments are identified on the accompanying consolidated
schedule of investments. 

Distributions from the 2022 Issuer to us
are limited by the terms of the indenture governing the 2022 ABS, which generally allows for the payment of interest on the Secured 2022
Notes and the distribution of remaining net interest income to the holders of the Subordinated Notes pursuant to a waterfall quarterly
during the reinvestment period. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred
financing costs of 9.0 million in conjunction with the 2022 ABS, which have been capitalized within unamortized deferred financing costs
and are amortized into interest and other debt financing expenses over the life of the notes. 

69 

Related Party Transactions 

We have a number of business relationships with
affiliated or related parties, including the following: 

We have an Investment Advisory Agreement with MC Advisors, an investment advisor registered with the SEC, to manage our investing activities. We pay MC Advisors a fee for its services under the Investment Advisory Agreement consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements and Significant Accounting Estimates and Critical Accounting Policies Capital Gains Incentive Fee for additional information. 

We have an Administration Agreement with MC Management to provide us with the office facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

Theodore L. Koenig, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board is also a manager of MC
 Advisors and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MC Management. Lewis W. Solimene, Jr., our Chief Financial Officer and
 Chief Investment Officer and is also a managing director of MC Management. 

We have a license agreement with Monroe Capital LLC, under which Monroe Capital LLC has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Monroe Capital for specified purposes in our business. 

In addition, we have adopted a formal code of
ethics that governs the conduct of MC Advisors officers, directors and employees. Our officers and directors also remain subject
to the duties imposed by both the 1940 Act and the Maryland General Corporation Law. 

Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

Contractual Obligations 

The following table shows our significant contractual
payment obligations for repayment as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1 3 years 
 3 5 years 
 More than 5 years 
 
 Credit Facility 
 357,400 

357,400 

Term Loan 
 100,000 

100,000 

2022 ABS 
 306,000 

306,000 
 
 Unfunded commitments (1) 
 319,237 
 319,237 

Total contractual obligations 
 1,082,637 
 319,237 
 
 457,400 
 306,000 

(1) 
 Unfunded commitments represent all amounts unfunded as of December 31, 2022. These amounts may or may not be funded to the borrowing party now or in the future. The unfunded commitments relate to loans or equity investments with various maturity dates, but we are showing this amount in the less than one year category as this entire amount was eligible for funding to the borrowers as of December 31, 2022. 

We
may become a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of our business to meet the financial needs
of our portfolio companies. These instruments may include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity
and credit risk in excess of the amount recognized on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, we had outstanding commitments to fund investments under undrawn revolvers, delayed draw commitments and subscription
agreements totaling 319.2 million and 125.2 million, respectively. We believe that our available cash balances and/or ability to draw
on the Credit Facility or raise additional leverage facilities provide sufficient funds to cover our unfunded commitments
as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, we have entered into certain contracts with other parties that contain a variety of indemnification
provisions. Our maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown. However, we have not experienced claims or losses pursuant to these
contracts and believe the risk of loss related to such indemnification provisions to be remote. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Other than contractual commitments and other legal
contingencies incurred in the normal course of our business, we do not have any off-balance sheet financings or liabilities. 

70 

Market Trends 

We have identified the following general trends
that may affect our business: 

Target Market: We believe that small and
middle-market companies in the United States with annual revenues between 10.0 million and 2.5 billion represent a significant growth
segment of the U.S. economy and often require substantial capital investments to grow. Middle-market companies have generated a significant
number of investment opportunities for investment funds managed or advised by Monroe Capital, and we believe that this market segment
will continue to produce significant investment opportunities for us. 

Specialized Lending Requirements: We believe
that several factors render many U.S. financial institutions ill-suited to lend to U.S. middle-market companies. For example, based on
the experience of our management team, lending to U.S. middle-market companies (1) is generally more labor intensive than lending to larger
companies due to the smaller size of each investment and the fragmented nature of information for such companies, (2) requires due diligence
and underwriting practices consistent with the demands and economic limitations of the middle-market and (3) may also require more extensive
ongoing monitoring by the lender. 

Demand for Debt Capital: We believe there
is a large pool of uninvested private equity capital for middle-market companies. We expect private equity firms will seek to leverage
their investments by combining equity capital with senior secured loans and mezzanine debt from other sources, such as us. 

Competition from Other Lenders : We believe
that many traditional bank lenders, in recent years, de-emphasized their service and product offerings to middle-market businesses in
favor of lending to large corporate clients and managing capital market transactions. In addition, many commercial banks face significant
balance sheet constraints as they seek to build capital and meet future regulatory capital requirements. These factors may result in opportunities
for alternative funding sources to middle-market companies and therefore drive increased new investment opportunities for us. Conversely,
there has been a significant amount of capital raised over the past several years dedicated to middle market lending which has increased
competitive pressure in the BDC and investment company marketplace for senior and subordinated debt which in turn could result in lower
yields and weaker financial covenants for new assets. 

Pricing and Deal Structures : We believe
that the volatility in global markets over the last several years and current macroeconomic issues including changes in bank regulations
for middle-market banks has reduced access to, and availability of, debt capital to middle-market companies, causing a reduction in competition
and generally more favorable capital structures and deal terms. Sizable recent capital raises in the private debt marketplace have created
significantly increased competition over the last few years, reducing available pricing and creating less favorable capital structures;
however, we believe that current market conditions for our target market may continue to create favorable opportunities to invest at attractive
risk-adjusted returns. 

Market Environment: We believe that middle market investments
are attractive in the current uncertain market environment where inflationary pressures have reached historical highs and where we are
enduring a rate-hiking regime. Directly originated middle market loans have demonstrated the ability to outperform competing asset classes
through varying economic cycles including downturns and prior periods of monetary policy tightening. Through the global financial crisis,
the rising rate environment in 2005-2006, market bottom in 2008 and the subsequent recovery period, as well as throughout the COVID-19
pandemic, middle market direct lending has historically generated considerable yield premium with more favorable capital structures for
lenders, resulting in higher returns when compared to the market for U.S. high yield bonds and U.S. traded loans. (1) 
Middle market direct lending offers a natural hedge to rising rates with floating rate structures that benefit from higher interest rates.
Further, we believe that middle market direct lending provides broad diversification, a mitigant to an environment where there is increased
risk of default rate activity. We believe that direct lending volumes will continue outpacing syndicated loan transaction volumes due
to capital requirements and liquidity constraints faced by banks and in the broadly syndicated markets. In the fourth quarter alone, the
volume of leveraged buyouts LBO financed in the direct lending market was 8.2 times higher than the volume of syndicated
LBOs, and 4.1 times higher for the full year 2022. Alongside retracting valuations, the middle market also saw a consistent trend toward
lower leverage and loan-to-value structures coupled with increase spreads. (2) That said, we note that a softening macroeconomic
environment, the lingering effect of inflationary pressure and supply chain disruption and elevated interest rates could result in increased
default rates. If default rates become more prevalent, we would expect to experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased
risk of credit loss. However, we believe that Monroe Capital s scale, product suite, diversification, and strong historical recovery
rate track record will continue to allow us to find attractive investment opportunities and navigate this uncertain market environment
while generating attractive risk-adjusted returns. 

(1) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022. Credit Suisse for US Traded Loans represented by the Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index, Bloomberg Barclays
Indices for US IG Credit. Cliffwater for Direct Lending by the Cliffwater Direct Lending Index (CDLI). ICE, Bank of America for US High
Yield represented by the ICE BofA High Yield Index. 

(2) 
 
 Refinitiv LPC s 4Q22 Sponsored Middle Market Private Deals Analysis January 2023. 

Recent Developments 

Distributions: On January 13, 2023, our
 Board declared the following distributions: 

Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Amount Per Share 

January 17, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2023 

0.0834 

February 15, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2023 

0.0833 

March 15, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2023 

0.0833 

Total dividends declared 

0.2500 

On February 3, 2023, we increased the facility amount pursuant to the accordion feature of the Term Loan from 100.0 million of aggregate
commitments to 155.0 million of aggregate commitments and we borrowed up to the new aggregate commitments under the Term Loan. 

71 

Significant Accounting Estimates and Critical Accounting Policies 

Revenue Recognition 

We record interest and fee income on an accrual
basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. For loans and debt securities with contractual PIK interest, we do not accrue
PIK interest if the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is not collectible. We do not accrue as a receivable
interest on loans and debt securities if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest. Loan origination fees, original
issue discount and market discount or premium are capitalized, and then we amortize such amounts using the effective interest method as
interest income over the life of the investment. Upon the prepayment of a loan or debt security, any unamortized premium or discount or
loan origination fees are recorded as interest income. We record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income when
we receive such amounts. Interest income is accrued based upon the outstanding principal amount and contractual terms of debt and preferred
equity investments. Interest is accrued on a daily basis. We record fees on loans based on the determination of whether the fee is considered
a yield enhancement or payment for a service. If the fee is considered a yield enhancement associated with a funding of cash on a loan,
the fee is generally deferred and recognized into interest income using the effective interest method if captured in the cost basis or
using the straight-line method if the loan is unfunded and therefore there is no cost basis. If the fee is not considered a yield enhancement
because a service was provided, and the fee is payment for that service, the fee is deemed earned and recognized as fee income in the
period the service is completed. 

Dividend income on preferred equity securities
is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected
to be collected. Dividend income on common equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies. Each distribution
received from LLC and LP investments is evaluated to determine if the distribution should be recorded as dividend income or a return of
capital. Generally, we will not record distributions from equity investments in LLCs and LPs as dividend income unless there are sufficient
accumulated tax-basis earnings and profits in the LLC or LP prior to the distribution. Distributions that are classified as a return of
capital are recorded as a reduction in the cost basis of the investment. 

Valuation of Portfolio Investments 

For periods prior to September 30, 2022, the Board
determined the fair value of our investments. Pursuant to the new SEC Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, on September 30, 2022 the Board
designated MC Advisors as our valuation designee (the Valuation Designee ). The Board is responsible for oversight of the
Valuation Designee. The Valuation Designee has established a valuation committee to determine in good faith the fair value of our investments,
based on input of the Valuation Designee s management and personnel and independent valuation firms which are engaged at the direction
of the valuation committee to assist in the valuation of certain portfolio investments lacking a readily available market quotation. The
valuation committee determines fair values pursuant to a valuation policy approved by the Board and pursuant to a consistently applied
valuation process. 

Under the valuation policy, we value
investments for which market quotations are readily available and within a recent date at such market quotations. When doing so, we
determine whether the quote obtained is sufficient in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America to determine the fair value of the security. Debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market
prices are not readily available or whose market prices are not regularly updated are valued at fair value as determined in good
faith by the Valuation Designee. Because we expect that there will not be a readily available market for many of the investments in
our portfolio, we expect to value many of our portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our Valuation
Designee using a documented valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. Such determination of fair values may
involve subjective judgments and estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not
have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have
been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. If we were
required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize amounts that are different from the
amounts presented and such differences could be material. 

With respect to investments for which market quotations
are not readily available, the Valuation Designee undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 

the quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially evaluated and rated by the investment professionals of the Valuation Designee responsible for the credit monitoring of the portfolio investment; 

our Valuation Designee engages an independent valuation firm to conduct independent appraisals of a selection of investments for which market quotations are not readily available. We will consult with an independent valuation firm relative to each portfolio company at least once in every calendar year, but the independent appraisals are generally received quarterly for each investment; 

to the extent an independent valuation firm is not engaged to conduct an investment appraisal on an investment for which market quotations are not readily available, the investment will be valued by the Valuation Designee; 

preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with the valuation committee of the Valuation Designee; 

the valuation conclusions are approved by the valuation committee of the Valuation Designee; and 

a report prepared by the Valuation Designee is presented to the Board quarterly to allow the Board to perform its oversight duties of the valuation process and the Valuation Designee. 

72 

We generally use the income approach to determine
fair value for loans where market quotations are not readily available, as long as it is appropriate. If there is deterioration in credit
quality or a debt investment is in workout status, we may consider other factors in determining the fair value, including the value attributable
to the debt investment from the enterprise value of the portfolio company or the proceeds that would be received in a liquidation analysis.
This liquidation analysis may also include probability weighting of alternative outcomes. We generally consider our debt to be performing
if the borrower is not in default, the borrower is remitting payments in a timely manner, the loan is in covenant compliance and the loan
is otherwise not deemed to be impaired. In determining the fair value of the performing debt, we consider fluctuations in current interest
rates, the trends in yields of debt instruments with similar credit ratings, financial condition of the borrower, economic conditions
and other relevant factors, both qualitative and quantitative. In the event that a debt instrument is not performing, as defined above,
we will evaluate the value of the collateral utilizing the same framework described above for a performing loan to determine the value
of the debt instrument. 

Under the income approach, discounted cash flow
models are utilized to determine the present value of the future cash flow streams of our debt investments, based on future interest and
principal payments as set forth in the associated loan agreements. In determining fair value under the income approach, we also consider
the following factors: applicable market yields and leverage levels, credit quality, prepayment penalties, the nature and realizable value
of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, and changes in the interest rate environment and the credit
markets that generally may affect the price at which similar investments may be made. 

Under the market approach, the enterprise value
methodology is typically utilized to determine the fair value of an investment. There is no one methodology to estimate enterprise value
and, in fact, for any one portfolio company, enterprise value is generally best expressed as a range of values, from which we derive a
single estimate of enterprise value. In estimating the enterprise value of a portfolio company, we analyze various factors consistent
with industry practice, including but not limited to original transaction multiples, the portfolio company s historical and projected
financial results, applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and leverage levels, the nature and
realizable value of any collateral, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, and comparisons of financial ratios of peer
companies that are public. Typically, the enterprise values of private companies are based on multiples of earnings before interest, income
taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), cash flows, net income, revenues, or in limited cases, book value. 

In addition, for certain debt investments, we
may base our valuation on indicative bid and ask prices provided by an independent third-party pricing service. Bid prices reflect the
highest price that we and others may be willing to pay. Ask prices represent the lowest price that we and others may be willing to accept.
We generally use the midpoint of the bid/ask range as our best estimate of fair value of such investment. 

As of December 31, 2022, our Valuation Designee
determined, in good faith, the fair value of our investment portfolio in accordance with GAAP and our valuation procedures based on the
facts and circumstances known by us at that time, or reasonably expected to be known at that time. 

Net Realized Gain or Loss and Net Change in Unrealized Gain or
Loss 

We measure realized gain or loss by the difference
between the net proceeds from the sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, without regard to unrealized gain or loss previously
recognized. Net change in unrealized gain or loss reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including
any reversal of previously recorded unrealized gain or loss, when gain or loss is realized. Additionally, we do not isolate the change
in fair value resulting from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations from the changes in the fair values of the underlying investment.
All fluctuations in fair value are included in net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments on our consolidated statements of operations. 

Capital Gains Incentive Fee 

Pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory
Agreement with MC Advisors, the incentive fee on capital gains earned on liquidated investments of our portfolio is determined and payable
in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement). This fee equals 12.5 (reduced
from 15.0 as a result of MC Advisors April 18, 2022 agreement to permanently waive a portion of the incentive fees starting on January
1, 2022) of our incentive fee capital gains (i.e., our realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from inception, calculated as of the
end of the applicable period, net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis), less the
aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. On a quarterly basis, we accrue for the capital gains incentive
fee by calculating such fee as if it were due and payable as of the end of such period. 

73 

While the Investment Advisory Agreement with MC
Advisors neither includes nor contemplates the inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee, pursuant
to an interpretation of an American Institute for Certified Public Accountants Technical Practice Aid for investment companies, we include
unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee expense and related accrued capital gains incentive fee. This accrual
reflects the incentive fees that would be payable to MC Advisors if our entire portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of the balance
sheet date even though MC Advisors is not entitled to an incentive fee with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are
actually realized. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we accrued capital gains incentive fees of 0.1 million, which was payable to MC Advisors as
a result of net realized gains. Additionally, we reversed 0.8 million of previously accrued capital gains incentive fees based on net
unrealized losses and the reduction in the incentive fee rate. This resulted in a net 0.7 million reversal of previously accrued capital
gains incentive fees during the year. During the year ended December
31, 2021, we accrued capital gains incentive fees of 1.5 million based on the performance of our portfolio, 78 thousand of which was
payable to MC Advisors as a result of realized gains. The remaining 1.4 million was based on unrealized appreciation, none of which was
payable to MC Advisors under the Investment Advisory Agreement. During the year ended December 31,
2020, we reversed 0.1 million of previously recorded accrual of capital gains incentive fee based on the performance of our portfolio . 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04,
 Reference Rate Reform ASU 2020-04 ). The amendments in ASU 2020-04 provide optional expedients and exceptions for
applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met.
The standard is effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2024. We did not utilize the optional expedients and exceptions
provided by ASU 2020-04 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

74 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

We are subject to financial market risks, including valuation risk,
interest rate risk, currency risk and inflation and supply chain risk. Uncertainty with respect to the economic effects of the COVID-19
pandemic and the Russian invasion of Ukraine have introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effects
of this volatility could materially impact our market risks. For additional information concerning the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russian
invasion of Ukraine and their potential impact on our business and our operating results, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure The COVID-19 pandemic has caused severe disruptions in the global economy, which
has had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our portfolio companies and our business and operations and Risk
Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure The Russian invasion of Ukraine may have a material adverse
impact on us and our portfolio companies. 

Valuation Risk 

Our investments may not have readily available
market quotations (as such term is defined in Rule 2a-5), and those investments which do not have readily available market quotations
are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our Valuation Designee in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single
standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific
facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments
we make. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value,
the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period, including as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
the economy and financial and capital markets. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, these estimated values may differ significantly
from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investments existed, and it is possible that the difference could
be material. 

In accordance with Rule 2a-5, our Board periodically
assesses and manages material risks associated with the determination of the fair value of our investments. 

Interest Rate Risk 

The majority of the loans in our portfolio
have floating interest rates and we expect that our loans in the future may also have floating interest rates. These loans are
usually based on a floating LIBOR or SOFR and typically have interest rate re-set provisions that adjust applicable interest rates
under such loans to current market rates on a monthly or quarterly basis. The majority of the loans in our current portfolio have
interest rate floors that will effectively convert the loans to fixed rate loans in the event interest rates decrease. In addition,
our Credit Facility and Term Loan have a floating interest rate provision, whereas our Secured 2022 Notes have fixed interest rates
until maturity. We expect that other credit facilities into which we may enter in the future may also have floating interest rate
provisions. 

Assuming that the consolidated statement of assets
and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was to remain constant and that we took no actions to alter our existing interest rate sensitivity,
the following table shows the annualized impact of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates (in thousands): 

Change in Interest Rates 
 Increase (decrease) in interest income 
 Increase (decrease) in interest expense 
 Net increase (decrease) in net investment income 
 
 Down 25 basis points 
 (3,495 
 (1,144 
 (2,351 
 
 Up 100 basis points 
 14,704 
 5,544 
 9,160 
 
 Up 200 basis points 
 28,680 
 10,118 
 18,562 
 
 Up 300 basis points 
 42,637 
 14,692 
 27,945 

Although we believe that this analysis is indicative
of our existing sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not adjust for changes in the credit market, credit quality, the size and
composition of the assets in our portfolio and other business developments, including borrowing under the Credit Facility, Term Loan or other borrowings
that could affect net increase in net assets resulting from operations, or net income. Accordingly, we can offer no assurances that actual
results would not differ materially from the analysis above. 

We may in the future hedge against interest rate
fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts to the extent permitted under the 1940
Act and applicable commodities laws. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also
limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to the investments in our portfolio with fixed interest
rates or interest rate floors. 

75 

Currency Risk 

We may also have exposure to foreign currencies
(currently Canadian dollars and Australian dollars) related to certain investments. Such investments are translated into U.S. dollars
based on the spot rate at each balance sheet date, exposing us to movements in the exchange rate. We may also enter into foreign currency
forward contracts to mitigate foreign currency exposure. As of December 31, 2022, we had foreign currency forward contracts in place
for CAD 34.6 million and AUD 17.4 million associated with future principal and interest payments on certain investments. 

Inflation and Supply Chain Risk 

Economic activity has continued to accelerate
across sectors and regions. Nevertheless, due to global supply chain issues, geopolitical events, a rise in energy prices and strong consumer
demand as economies continue to reopen, inflation is showing signs of acceleration in the U.S. and globally. Inflation is likely to continue
in the near to medium-term, particularly in the U.S., with the possibility that monetary policy may tighten in response. Persistent inflationary
pressures could affect our portfolio companies profit margins. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our consolidated financial statements are annexed
to this Annual Report beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we, under the supervision and with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, at the end of the period covered by our Annual Report on Form
10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules
and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control system,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures
within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company s periodic reports. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

The Company s
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
of the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the company
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the Company s evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) , management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This annual
report does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established
by rules of the SEC for new public reporting companies. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

No change occurred in our internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable. 

76 

PART III 

We will file a definitive Proxy Statement for our
2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), pursuant to Regulation 14A, not
later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, certain information required by Part
III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Only those sections of our definitive Proxy Statement that specifically
address the items set forth herein are incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by Item 10 is hereby
incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the
SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by Item 11 is hereby
incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the
SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by Item 12 is hereby
incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the
SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by Item 13 is hereby
incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the
SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by Item 14 is hereby
incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the
SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The following exhibits are included, or incorporated
by reference, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of
Regulation S-K). 

(a) (1) and (2) Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 

See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
at page F-1 of this report. 

77 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-29 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

 Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets
and liabilities of Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation and its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company), including the consolidated
schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets,
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements
(collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included
confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodians, brokers and/or the underlying
investees, or by other appropriate auditing procedures where replies from the custodians, brokers and/or the underlying investees were
not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor of one or more investment
companies managed by Monroe Capital BDC Advisors, LLC (the Investment Advisor) or its affiliates since 2011. 

Chicago, Illinois 

 March 15, 2023 

F- 2 

MONROE CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Investments, at fair value: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments 

1,429,808 

693,036 

Non-controlled affiliate company investments 

39,188 

11,854 

Total investments, at fair value (amortized cost of: 1,465,352 and 695,916, respectively) 

1,468,996 

704,890 

Cash 

5,716 

4,998 

Restricted cash 

46,488 

8,973 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 

1,296 

585 

Interest receivable 

12,656 

4,803 

Other assets 

9,490 

12 

Total assets 

1,544,642 

724,261 

LIABILITIES 

Debt 

763,400 

348,600 

Less: Unamortized deferred financing costs 

(11,914) 

(3,615) 
 
 Debt, less unamortized deferred financing costs 

751,486 

344,985 

Interest payable 

7,289 

2,184 

Payable for unsettled trades 

13,690 

Management fees payable 

4,252 

2,366 

Incentive fees payable 

3,304 

1,808 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

9,705 

3,470 

Total liabilities 

789,726 

354,813 

Net assets 

754,916 

369,448 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 12) 

ANALYSIS OF NET ASSETS 

Common stock, 0.001 par value, 100,000 shares authorized, 74,533 and 36,565 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

75 

37 

Capital in excess of par value 

744,404 

360,955 

Accumulated undistributed (overdistributed) earnings 

10,437 

8,456 

Total net assets 

754,916 

369,448 

Net asset value per share 

10.13 

10.10 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 3 

MONROE CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Investment income: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments: 

Interest, fee and dividend income 
 84,540 
 30,731 
 12,781 
 
 Payment-in-kind interest income 
 5,920 
 1,298 
 295 
 
 Total investment income from non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments 
 90,460 
 32,029 
 13,076 
 
 Non-controlled affiliate company investments: 

Interest income 
 1,215 
 104 

Total investment income from non-controlled affiliate company investments 
 1,215 
 104 

Total investment income 
 91,675 
 32,133 
 13,076 

Operating expenses: 

Interest and other debt financing expenses 
 21,734 
 6,036 
 2,161 
 
 Base management fees 
 13,011 
 6,027 
 2,399 
 
 Incentive fees 
 6,344 
 4,449 
 1,179 
 
 Professional fees 
 1,656 
 587 
 434 
 
 Administrative service fees 
 1,132 
 560 
 332 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 900 
 551 
 295 
 
 Directors fees 
 82 
 60 
 60 
 
 Expenses before fee waivers 
 44,859 
 18,270 
 6,860 
 
 Base management fee waivers 
 (1,701 
 (1,425 
 (1,530 
 
 Incentive fee waivers 
 (1,468 
 (2,440 
 (1,311 
 
 Total operating expenses, net of fee waivers 
 41,690 
 14,405 
 4,019 
 
 Net investment income before income taxes 
 49,985 
 17,728 
 9,057 
 
 Income taxes, including excise taxes 
 169 
 (1 
 72 
 
 Net investment income 
 49,816 
 17,729 
 8,985 

Net gain (loss): 

Net realized gain (loss): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments 
 (17 
 488 
 15 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts 
 664 
 29 

Foreign currency and other transactions 
 (4 
 (47 
 31 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) 
 643 
 470 
 46 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments 
 (5,634 
 8,982 
 (884 
 
 Non-controlled/affiliate company investments 
 304 

Foreign currency forward contracts 
 711 
 742 
 (157 
 
 Foreign currency and other transactions 
 1 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 
 (4,618 
 9,724 
 (1,041 

Net gain (loss) 
 (3,975 
 10,194 
 (995 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 45,841 
 27,923 
 7,990 

Per common share data: 

Net investment income per share - basic and diluted 
 0.90 
 0.76 
 0.85 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per share - basic and diluted 
 0.83 
 1.20 
 0.75 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 55,418 
 23,221 
 10,631 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

MONROE CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS

(in thousands) 

Accumulated 

Common Stock 
 
 undistributed 

Number
 of shares 
 P ar
 
value 
 Capital in excess 
of
 par value 
 (overdistributed) 
earnings 
 Total
 
net assets 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2019 
 6,875 
 7 
 68,718 
 20 
 68,745 
 
 Net investment income 

8,985 
 8,985 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) 

46 
 46 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 

(1,041 
 (1,041 
 
 Issuance of common stock 
 6,735 
 7 
 64,870 
 
 64,877 
 
 Repurchase of common stock 

Distributions declared to stockholders 

(6,219 
 (6,219 
 
 Stock issued in connection with dividend reinvestment plan 
 218 
 
 2,120 
 
 2,120 
 
 Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(72 
 72 

Balances at December 31, 2020 
 13,828 
 14 
 135,636 
 1,863 
 137,513 

Net investment income 

17,729 
 17,729 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) 

470 
 470 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 

9,724 
 9,724 
 
 Issuance of common stock 
 22,141 
 22 
 219,731 
 
 219,753 
 
 Repurchase of common stock 

Distributions declared to stockholders 

(21,718 
 (21,718 
 
 Stock issued in connection with dividend reinvestment plan 
 596 
 1 
 5,976 
 
 5,977 
 
 Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(388 
 388 

Balances at December 31, 2021 
 36,565 
 37 
 360,955 
 8,456 
 369,448 

Net investment income 

49,816 
 49,816 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) 

643 
 643 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 

(4,618 
 (4,618 
 
 Issuance of common stock 
 37,774 
 38 
 381,957 
 
 381,995 
 
 Repurchase of common stock 
 (1,323 
 (2 
 (13,383 
 
 (13,385 
 
 Distributions declared to stockholders 

(44,332 
 (44,332 
 
 Stock issued in connection with dividend reinvestment plan 
 1,517 
 2 
 15,347 
 
 15,349 
 
 Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(472 
 472 

Balances at December 31, 2022 
 74,533 
 75 
 744,404 
 10,437 
 754,916 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

MONROE CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

45,841 

27,923 

7,990 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Net realized (gain) loss on investments 

17 

(488) 

(15) 
 
 Net realized (gain) loss on foreign currency forward contracts 

(664) 

(29) 

Net realized (gain) loss on foreign currency and other transactions 

4 

47 

(31) 
 
 Net change in unrealized (gain) loss on investments 

5,330 

(8,982) 

884 

Net change in unrealized (gain) loss on foreign currency forward contracts 

(711) 

(742) 

157 

Net change in unrealized (gain) loss on foreign currency and other transactions 

(1) 

Payment-in-kind interest income 

(5,920) 

(1,298) 

(295) 
 
 Net accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums 

(2,616) 

(996) 

(612) 
 
 Purchases of investments 

(901,557) 

(592,142) 

(117,388) 
 
 Proceeds from principal payments and sale of investments and settlement of forward contracts 

141,304 

89,181 

28,097 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

2,263 

907 

293 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Interest receivable 

(7,853) 

(3,904) 

(485) 
 
 Due from affiliates 

14 

Other assets 

(9,478) 

179 

(185) 
 
 Interest payable 

5,105 

1,758 

129 

Payable for unsettled trades 

13,690 

(2,796) 
 
 Management fees payable 

1,886 

2,273 

(209) 
 
 Incentive fees payable 

1,496 

1,808 

(132) 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

6,235 

2,274 

666 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(705,629) 

(482,231) 

(83,918) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings of 2022 ABS 

306,000 

Borrowings on Term Loan 

100,000 

Borrowings on Credit Facility 

951,900 

591,500 

115,500 

Repayments of Credit Facility 

(943,100) 

(301,800) 

(87,800) 
 
 Payments of deferred financing costs 

(10,562) 

(3,583) 

(1,148) 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common shares 

381,995 

219,753 

64,877 

Repurchase of common stock 

(13,385) 

Stockholder distributions paid, net of stock issued under the dividend reinvestment plan of 15,349, 5,977 and 2,120, respectively) 

(28,983) 

(15,741) 

(5,486) 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

743,865 

490,129 

85,943 

Net increase (decrease) in Cash and Restricted cash 

38,236 

7,898 

2,025 

Effect of foreign currency exchange rates 

(3) 

(47) 

31 

Cash and Restricted cash, beginning of year 

13,971 

6,120 

4,064 

Cash and Restricted cash, end of year 

52,204 

13,971 

6,120 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash interest paid during the year 

14,366 

3,371 

1,739 

Cash paid for income taxes, including excise taxes, during the year 

111 

25 

The following tables provide a reconciliation of cash and restricted
cash reported on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities that sum to the total of the same such amounts on the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 
 
 Cash 
 5,716 
 4,998 
 2,443 
 
 Restricted cash 
 46,488 
 8,973 
 3,677 
 
 Total cash and restricted cash shown on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 52,204 
 13,971 
 6,120 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 6 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 December 31,
2022 

 (in
thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (^) 
 Index
 (^^) 
 Spread
 (^^) 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (^^^) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (^^^^) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (^^^^^) 
 
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate
 Company Investments 

Senior
 Secured Loans 

Aerospace 
 Defense 

API
 Holdings III Corp. (~) 
 L 
 4.25 
 8.98 
 5/2/2019 
 5/8/2026 
 1,641 
 1,636 
 1,308 
 0.2 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (~) (~~) 
 L 
 6.00 
 10.38 
 7/25/2019 
 7/25/2025 
 1,935 
 1,915 
 1,918 
 0.3 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (~) (~~) 
 L 
 6.00 
 10.38 
 12/24/2019 
 7/25/2025 
 1,010 
 999 
 1,001 
 0.1 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (~) (~~) 
 L 
 6.00 
 10.38 
 2/17/2021 
 7/25/2025 
 1,747 
 1,745 
 1,732 
 0.2 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (~) (~~) 
 L 
 6.00 
 10.38 
 6/15/2021 
 7/25/2025 
 1,024 
 1,008 
 1,015 
 0.2 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (~) (~~) 
 L 
 6.00 
 10.38 
 8/10/2021 
 7/25/2025 
 1,000 
 986 
 991 
 0.1 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.00 
 10.38 
 7/25/2019 
 7/25/2024 
 316 
 71 
 71 
 0.0 

8,673 
 8,360 
 8,036 
 1.1 
 
 Automotive 

Born
 To Run, LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 6.00 
 10.73 
 4/1/2021 
 4/1/2027 
 8,865 
 8,729 
 8,531 
 1.1 
 
 Born
 To Run, LLC (~~) 
 L 
 6.00 
 10.73 
 4/1/2021 
 4/1/2027 
 1,207 
 1,207 
 1,162 
 0.2 
 
 Burgess
 Point Purchaser Corporation (fka BBB Industries LLC) (~) 
 SF 
 5.35 
 9.67 
 6/30/2022 
 7/25/2029 
 5,000 
 4,519 
 4,563 
 0.6 
 
 Lifted
 Trucks Holdings, LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 5.75 
 9.49 
 8/2/2021 
 8/2/2027 
 9,900 
 9,737 
 9,771 
 1.3 
 
 Lifted
 Trucks Holdings, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 L 
 5.75 
 9.49 
 8/2/2021 
 8/2/2027 
 2,000 

0.0 
 
 Lifted
 Trucks Holdings, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 5.75 
 9.49 
 8/2/2021 
 8/2/2027 
 2,381 

0.0 
 
 Panda
 Acquisition, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.35 
 10.28 
 12/20/2022 
 10/18/2028 
 10,000 
 8,201 
 8,200 
 1.1 
 
 Truck-Lite
 Co., LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 11.14 
 7/8/2022 
 12/14/2026 
 128 
 125 
 128 
 0.0 
 
 Truck-Lite
 Co., LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 11.14 
 3/11/2020 
 12/14/2026 
 3,383 
 3,361 
 3,379 
 0.4 
 
 Truck-Lite
 Co., LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 11.14 
 11/23/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 628 
 628 
 627 
 0.1 
 
 Truck-Lite
 Co., LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 11.14 
 3/11/2020 
 12/14/2026 
 501 
 501 
 501 
 0.1 
 
 Truck-Lite
 Co., LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 11.14 
 11/23/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 557 
 557 
 556 
 0.1 
 
 Truck-Lite
 Co., LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 11.14 
 11/23/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 714 
 714 
 714 
 0.1 

45,264 
 38,279 
 38,132 
 5.1 
 
 Banking 

MV
 Receivables II, LLC 
 L 
 9.75 
 13.87 
 7/29/2021 
 7/29/2026 
 10,144 
 9,691 
 9,960 
 1.3 
 
 StarCompliance
 MidCo, LLC (~~) 
 L 
 6.75 
 11.48 
 1/12/2021 
 1/12/2027 
 3,000 
 2,957 
 2,951 
 0.4 
 
 StarCompliance
 MidCo, LLC (~~) 
 L 
 6.75 
 11.48 
 10/12/2021 
 1/12/2027 
 503 
 495 
 495 
 0.1 
 
 StarCompliance
 MidCo, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.75 
 11.14 
 1/12/2021 
 1/12/2027 
 484 
 121 
 119 
 0.0 

14,131 
 13,264 
 13,525 
 1.8 
 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 

Sabrosura
 Foods, LLC et al (fka Huff Hispanic Food Holdings, LLC) (~) (~~) 
 L 
 5.50 
 9.89 
 10/18/2019 
 10/18/2024 
 5,037 
 4,997 
 4,984 
 0.7 
 
 Sabrosura
 Foods, LLC et al (fka Huff Hispanic Food Holdings, LLC) (~) 
 L 
 5.50 
 9.91 
 10/18/2019 
 10/18/2024 
 285 
 285 
 282 
 0.0 
 
 Sabrosura
 Foods, LLC et al (fka Huff Hispanic Food Holdings, LLC) (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 5.50 
 10.23 
 10/18/2019 
 10/18/2024 
 1,286 
 1,020 
 1,009 
 0.1 
 
 LVF
 Holdings, Inc. (~) 
 L 
 6.25 
 8.45 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2027 
 3,456 
 3,402 
 3,353 
 0.5 
 
 LVF
 Holdings, Inc. (~) 
 L 
 6.25 
 8.45 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2027 
 3,308 
 3,308 
 3,208 
 0.4 
 
 LVF
 Holdings, Inc. (Delayed Draw) ) 
 L 
 6.25 
 8.45 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2027 
 802 

0.0 
 
 LVF
 Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.98 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2027 
 554 
 366 
 355 
 0.1 
 
 LX/JT
 Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.42 
 3/11/2020 
 3/11/2025 
 3,281 
 3,248 
 3,237 
 0.4 
 
 LX/JT
 Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.42 
 3/11/2020 
 3/11/2025 
 500 

0.0 

18,509 
 16,626 
 16,428 
 2.2 

F- 7 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31,
2022 

 (in
thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (^) 
 Index
 (^^) 
 Spread
 (^^) 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (^^^) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (^^^^) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (^^^^^) 

Capital
 Equipment 

Adept
 AG Holdings, LLC (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 10.21 
 8/11/2022 
 8/11/2027 
 6,484 
 6,362 
 6,445 
 0.9 
 
 Adept
 AG Holdings, LLC 
 SF 
 5.75 
 10.46 
 8/11/2022 
 8/11/2027 
 10,788 
 10,685 
 10,724 
 1.4 
 
 Adept
 AG Holdings, LLC 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.92 
 8/11/2022 
 8/11/2027 
 1,625 
 1,625 
 1,615 
 0.2 
 
 Adept
 AG Holdings, LLC (Revolver) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 10.46 
 8/11/2022 
 8/11/2027 
 1,079 

0.0 
 
 Adept
 AG Holdings, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 10.21 
 8/11/2022 
 8/11/2027 
 1,300 

0.0 
 
 CGI
 Automated Manufacturing, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.34 
 9/9/2022 
 12/17/2026 
 8,944 
 8,692 
 8,944 
 1.2 
 
 CGI
 Automated Manufacturing, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.34 
 9/30/2022 
 12/17/2026 
 5,691 
 5,556 
 5,691 
 0.8 
 
 CGI
 Automated Manufacturing, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.34 
 9/9/2022 
 12/17/2026 
 10,890 
 10,583 
 10,890 
 1.4 
 
 MCP
 Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.06 
 2/28/2020 
 11/28/2025 
 7,777 
 7,691 
 7,789 
 1.0 
 
 MCP
 Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.06 
 12/29/2021 
 11/28/2025 
 2,378 
 2,341 
 2,381 
 0.3 
 
 MCP
 Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC (~~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.06 
 12/29/2021 
 11/28/2025 
 782 
 782 
 783 
 0.1 
 
 MCP
 Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.06 
 2/28/2020 
 11/28/2025 
 1,427 

0.0 

59,165 
 54,317 
 55,262 
 7.3 
 
 Construction 
 Building 

Premier
 Roofing L.L.C. (~) 
 L 
 8.50 
 12.23 
 Cash/ 
 1.00 PIK 
 8/31/2020 
 8/29/2025 
 3,450 
 3,411 
 3,392 
 0.5 
 
 Premier
 Roofing L.L.C. (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 8.50 
 12.23 
 Cash/ 
 1.00 PIK 
 8/31/2020 
 8/29/2025 
 1,204 
 965 
 948 
 0.1 
 
 TCFIII
 Owl Buyer LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.94 
 4/19/2021 
 4/17/2026 
 4,433 
 4,378 
 4,438 
 0.6 
 
 TCFIII
 Owl Buyer LLC (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.94 
 4/19/2021 
 4/17/2026 
 5,412 
 5,412 
 5,419 
 0.7 
 
 TCFIII
 Owl Buyer LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.94 
 12/17/2021 
 4/17/2026 
 4,857 
 4,789 
 4,863 
 0.6 

19,356 
 18,955 
 19,060 
 2.5 
 
 Consumer
 Goods: Durable 

Independence
 Buyer, Inc. (~~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.74 
 8/3/2021 
 8/3/2026 
 12,375 
 12,186 
 12,220 
 1.6 
 
 Independence
 Buyer, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.74 
 8/3/2021 
 8/3/2026 
 2,964 

0.0 
 
 Recycled
 Plastics Industries, LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 6.75 
 10.87 
 8/4/2021 
 8/4/2026 
 5,431 
 5,347 
 5,295 
 0.7 
 
 Recycled
 Plastics Industries, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.75 
 10.87 
 8/4/2021 
 8/4/2026 
 743 

0.0 

21,513 
 17,533 
 17,515 
 2.3 
 
 Consumer
 Goods: Non-Durable 

Arizona
 Natural Resources, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.74 
 5/18/2021 
 5/18/2026 
 13,825 
 13,622 
 13,680 
 1.8 
 
 Arizona
 Natural Resources, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.74 
 12/15/2021 
 5/18/2026 
 2,538 
 2,497 
 2,511 
 0.4 
 
 Arizona
 Natural Resources, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.74 
 8/12/2022 
 5/18/2026 
 6,884 
 6,757 
 6,812 
 0.9 
 
 Arizona
 Natural Resources, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.74 
 8/12/2022 
 5/18/2026 
 2,958 

0.0 
 
 Arizona
 Natural Resources, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.74 
 5/18/2021 
 5/18/2026 
 2,222 
 1,778 
 1,759 
 0.2 
 
 The
 Kyjen Company, LLC (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 7.15 
 11.15 
 Cash/ 
 0.50 PIK 
 5/14/2021 
 4/3/2026 
 2,959 
 2,936 
 2,925 
 0.4 
 
 The Kyjen
 Company, LLC 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.42 
 PIK 
 9/13/2022 
 4/3/2026 
 1 
 1 
 1 
 0.0 
 
 The
 Kyjen Company, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 7.10 
 10.92 
 Cash/ 
 0.50 PIK 
 5/14/2021 
 4/3/2026 
 315 
 268 
 265 
 0.0 
 
 Thrasio,
 LLC (~) (~~) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.73 
 12/18/2020 
 12/18/2026 
 4,890 
 4,838 
 4,890 
 0.7 

36,592 
 32,697 
 32,843 
 4.4 
 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 

B2B
 Industrial Products LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.75 
 11.41 
 12/6/2022 
 10/7/2026 
 10,000 
 9,753 
 9,750 
 1.3 
 
 Polychem
 Acquisition, LLC (~) 
 L 
 5.00 
 9.38 
 4/8/2019 
 3/17/2025 
 1,925 
 1,921 
 1,925 
 0.2 

11,925 
 11,674 
 11,675 
 1.5 
 
 Energy:
 Oil Gas 

Liquid
 Tech Solutions Holdings, LLC (~) 
 L 
 4.75 
 8.92 
 3/18/2021 
 3/17/2028 
 2,248 
 2,240 
 2,147 
 0.3 
 
 Par
 Petroleum, LLC (~) 
 L 
 6.75 
 10.58 
 1/27/2020 
 1/12/2026 
 855 
 859 
 844 
 0.1 

3,103 
 3,099 
 2,991 
 0.4 
 
 Environmental
 Industries 

Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 6.50 
 10.62 
 10/19/2020 
 10/20/2025 
 972 
 913 
 972 
 0.1 
 
 Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC (~~~) 
 L 
 6.50 
 10.62 
 10/19/2020 
 10/20/2025 
 1,068 
 1,068 
 1,067 
 0.1 
 
 Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 6.50 
 10.62 
 12/7/2021 
 10/20/2025 
 3,796 
 3,738 
 3,781 
 0.5 
 
 Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 L 
 6.50 
 10.62 
 12/7/2021 
 10/20/2025 
 1,772 
 383 
 381 
 0.1 
 
 Trilon
 Group, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.48 
 10/28/2022 
 5/25/2029 
 5,500 
 5,337 
 5,335 
 0.7 
 
 Trilon
 Group, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.90 
 10/28/2022 
 5/25/2029 
 4,400 
 405 
 393 
 0.1 
 
 Volt
 Bidco, Inc. (~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.08 
 8/11/2021 
 8/11/2027 
 9,059 
 8,904 
 9,048 
 1.2 
 
 Volt
 Bidco, Inc. (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.08 
 PIK 
 8/11/2021 
 8/11/2027 
 1,614 
 869 
 868 
 0.1 
 
 Volt
 Bidco, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.08 
 8/11/2021 
 8/11/2027 
 956 

0.0 

29,137 
 21,617 
 21,845 
 2.9 

F- 8 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31,
2022 

 (in
thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (^) 
 Index
 (^^) 
 Spread
 (^^) 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (^^^) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (^^^^) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (^^^^^) 

FIRE:
 Finance 

Avalara, Inc.
 (~~) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 11.83 
 10/19/2022 
 10/19/2028 
 10,000 
 9,756 
 9,750 
 1.3 
 
 Avalara, Inc.
 (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 11.83 
 10/19/2022 
 10/19/2028 
 1,000 

0.0 
 
 Exiger
 LLC (~~) 
 SF 
 8.00 
 10.22 
 Cash/ 
 2.00 PIK 
 9/30/2021 
 9/30/2027 
 14,119 
 13,883 
 14,162 
 1.9 
 
 Exiger
 LLC (~~) 
 SF 
 8.00 
 10.22 
 Cash/ 
 2.00 PIK 
 8/26/2022 
 9/30/2027 
 1,971 
 1,924 
 1,977 
 0.3 
 
 Exiger
 LLC (~~) 
 SF 
 8.00 
 10.22 
 Cash/ 
 2.00 PIK 
 9/30/2021 
 9/30/2027 
 4,223 
 4,223 
 4,235 
 0.5 
 
 Exiger
 LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 8.00 
 10.22 
 Cash/ 
 2.00 PIK 
 8/26/2022 
 9/30/2027 
 7,000 

0.0 
 
 Exiger
 LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 8.00 
 10.22 
 Cash/ 
 2.00 PIK 
 9/30/2021 
 9/30/2027 
 1,400 

0.0 
 
 GC
 Champion Acquisition LLC (~~) 
 SF 
 6.75 
 11.15 
 8/19/2022 
 8/18/2028 
 12,967 
 12,719 
 12,838 
 1.7 
 
 GC
 Champion Acquisition LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.75 
 11.15 
 8/19/2022 
 8/18/2028 
 3,611 

0.0 
 
 J2
 BWA Funding LLC (Delayed Draw) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 9.00 
 12/24/2020 
 12/24/2026 
 2,850 
 1,350 
 1,345 
 0.2 
 
 J2 BWA
 Funding III, LLC (Delayed Draw) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 9.00 
 4/29/2022 
 4/28/2028 
 7,600 

0.0 
 
 Oceana
 Australian Fixed Income Trust (~) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 11.50 
 2/25/2021 
 2/25/2026 
 7,321 
 8,460 
 7,321 
 1.0 
 
 Oceana
 Australian Fixed Income Trust (~) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 10.75 
 6/29/2021 
 6/29/2026 
 3,084 
 3,400 
 3,084 
 0.4 
 
 SCP
 Intermediate Holdings, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 10.17 
 12/28/2022 
 12/28/2028 
 3,000 
 2,925 
 2,925 
 0.4 
 
 TEAM
 Public Choices, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 5.00 
 9.95 
 8/23/2022 
 12/17/2027 
 4,560 
 4,344 
 4,378 
 0.6 
 
 W3
 Monroe RE Debt LLC 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 10.00 
 PIK 
 2/5/2021 
 2/4/2028 
 1,944 
 1,944 
 1,944 
 0.2 
 
 YS
 WH4 LLC (Revolver) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.44 
 7/20/2022 
 11/20/2025 
 7,700 
 2,604 
 2,604 
 0.3 

94,350 
 67,532 
 66,563 
 8.8 
 
 FIRE:
 Insurance 

Simplicity
 Financial Marketing Group Holdings Inc. (~) (~~~) 
 L 
 5.75 
 10.48 
 9/23/2022 
 12/2/2026 
 9,991 
 9,709 
 9,641 
 1.3 
 
 Simplicity
 Financial Marketing Group Holdings Inc. (Delayed Draw) ) 
 L 
 5.75 
 10.48 
 9/23/2022 
 12/2/2026 
 14,223 

0.0 
 
 Simplicity
 Financial Marketing Group Holdings Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 5.75 
 10.48 
 9/23/2022 
 12/2/2026 
 761 

0.0 

24,975 
 9,709 
 9,641 
 1.3 
 
 FIRE:
 Real Estate 

300
 N. Michigan Mezz, LLC (Delayed Draw) (~) 
 L 
 14.50 
 18.62 
 PIK 
 7/15/2020 
 7/15/2024 
 1,000 
 974 
 974 
 0.1 
 
 Avison
 Young (USA) Inc. (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 10.19 
 4/26/2019 
 1/30/2026 
 1,925 
 1,915 
 1,612 
 0.2 
 
 Avison
 Young (USA) Inc. (~~~) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.44 
 9/1/2022 
 1/30/2026 
 4,163 
 3,933 
 3,726 
 0.5 
 
 Centaur
 (Palm Beach) Owner LLC and Panther National Golf Club LLC 
 SF 
 8.25 
 12.43 
 5/3/2022 
 4/30/2025 
 16,000 
 15,734 
 15,980 
 2.1 
 
 Centaur
 (Palm Beach) Owner LLC and Panther National Golf Club LLC 
 SF 
 8.25 
 12.43 
 5/3/2022 
 4/30/2025 
 1,635 
 1,635 
 1,633 
 0.2 
 
 Centaur
 (Palm Beach) Owner LLC and Panther National Golf Club LLC (Revolver) 
 SF 
 8.25 
 12.43 
 5/3/2022 
 4/30/2025 
 8,016 
 3,492 
 3,488 
 0.5 
 
 Florida
 East Coast Industries, LLC (~) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 10.50 
 8/9/2021 
 6/28/2024 
 1,356 
 1,334 
 1,362 
 0.2 
 
 InsideRE,
 LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 5.75 
 10.48 
 12/22/2021 
 12/22/2027 
 7,427 
 7,300 
 7,305 
 1.0 
 
 InsideRE,
 LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 L 
 5.75 
 10.48 
 12/22/2021 
 12/22/2027 
 2,886 

0.0 
 
 InsideRE,
 LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 5.75 
 10.48 
 12/22/2021 
 12/22/2027 
 965 
 64 
 64 
 0.0 
 
 NCBP
 Property, LLC 
 L 
 9.50 
 13.62 
 12/18/2020 
 6/16/2023 
 2,500 
 2,494 
 2,507 
 0.3 

47,873 
 38,875 
 38,651 
 5.1 

F- 9 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31,
2022 

 (in
thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (^) 
 Index
 (^^) 
 Spread
 (^^) 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (^^^) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (^^^^) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (^^^^^) 

Healthcare 
 Pharmaceuticals 

Appriss
 Health, LLC (~~) 
 L 
 7.25 
 11.54 
 5/6/2021 
 5/6/2027 
 6,484 
 6,380 
 6,497 
 0.9 
 
 Appriss
 Health, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 7.25 
 11.54 
 5/6/2021 
 5/6/2027 
 433 

0.0 
 
 Ascent
 Midco, LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 5.75 
 10.14 
 2/5/2020 
 2/5/2025 
 2,220 
 2,200 
 2,220 
 0.3 
 
 Ascent
 Midco, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 5.75 
 10.14 
 2/5/2020 
 2/5/2025 
 403 

0.0 
 
 Brickell
 Bay Acquisition Corp. (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 6.50 
 10.24 
 2/12/2021 
 2/12/2026 
 2,820 
 2,776 
 2,771 
 0.4 
 
 Caravel
 Autism Health, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 8.75 
 8.97 
 Cash/ 
 3.00 PIK 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2027 
 8,025 
 7,897 
 7,409 
 1.0 
 
 Caravel
 Autism Health, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 8.75 
 8.97 
 Cash/ 
 3.00 PIK 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2027 
 6,000 
 300 
 277 
 0.0 
 
 Caravel
 Autism Health, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 8.75 
 8.97 
 Cash/ 
 3.00 PIK 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2027 
 2,016 
 1,816 
 1,677 
 0.2 
 
 Dorado
 Acquisition, Inc. (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.72 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2026 
 13,825 
 13,614 
 13,797 
 1.8 
 
 Dorado
 Acquisition, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 6.76 
 11.34 
 11/27/2022 
 6/30/2026 
 11,429 
 11,143 
 11,406 
 1.5 
 
 Dorado
 Acquisition, Inc. (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.72 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2026 
 606 

0.0 
 
 Dorado
 Acquisition, Inc. (Revolver) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.92 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2026 
 1,670 
 1,670 
 1,670 
 0.2 
 
 Golden
 State Buyer, Inc. (~) (~~~) 
 L 
 4.75 
 8.92 
 8/25/2022 
 6/21/2026 
 9,974 
 9,600 
 9,525 
 1.2 
 
 INH
 Buyer, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 8.08 
 Cash/ 
 3.50 PIK 
 6/30/2021 
 6/28/2028 
 4,916 
 4,876 
 4,720 
 0.6 
 
 MPH
 Acquisition Holdings LLC (~) 
 L 
 4.25 
 8.98 
 9/20/2022 
 9/1/2028 
 3,553 
 3,343 
 3,052 
 0.4 
 
 NationsBenefits,
 LLC (~) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.22 
 8/20/2021 
 8/26/2027 
 12,128 
 11,939 
 12,370 
 1.6 
 
 NationsBenefits,
 LLC (~) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.22 
 8/26/2022 
 8/26/2027 
 14,452 
 14,452 
 14,741 
 2.0 
 
 NationsBenefits,
 LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.22 
 8/26/2022 
 8/26/2027 
 15,585 
 2,886 
 2,943 
 0.4 
 
 NationsBenefits,
 LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.42 
 8/20/2021 
 8/26/2027 
 6,806 
 2,722 
 2,722 
 0.4 
 
 NQ
 PE Project Colosseum Midco Inc. (~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.59 
 10/4/2022 
 10/4/2028 
 14,600 
 14,316 
 14,308 
 1.9 
 
 NQ
 PE Project Colosseum Midco Inc. (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.59 
 10/4/2022 
 10/4/2028 
 3,244 

0.0 
 
 NQ
 PE Project Colosseum Midco Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.59 
 10/4/2022 
 10/4/2028 
 1,825 

0.0 
 
 OIS
 Management Services, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.33 
 12/14/2022 
 11/16/2028 
 10,000 
 9,751 
 9,750 
 1.3 
 
 OIS
 Management Services, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.33 
 12/14/2022 
 11/16/2028 
 3,846 

0.0 
 
 OIS
 Management Services, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.33 
 12/14/2022 
 11/16/2028 
 1,154 

0.0 
 
 QF
 Holdings, Inc. (~~) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.98 
 9/19/2019 
 12/15/2027 
 4,550 
 4,516 
 4,555 
 0.6 
 
 QF
 Holdings, Inc. (~~) 
 L 
 6.25 
 11.02 
 12/15/2021 
 12/15/2027 
 4,368 
 4,312 
 4,372 
 0.6 
 
 QF
 Holdings, Inc. (~~) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.98 
 9/19/2019 
 12/15/2027 
 910 
 910 
 911 
 0.1 
 
 QF
 Holdings, Inc. (Delayed Draw) ) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.64 
 8/21/2020 
 12/15/2027 
 910 
 692 
 692 
 0.1 
 
 QF
 Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.98 
 9/19/2019 
 12/15/2027 
 1,092 

0.0 
 
 SCP
 Eye Care Holdco, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 9.46 
 10/7/2022 
 10/5/2029 
 9,255 
 8,982 
 8,977 
 1.2 
 
 SCP
 Eye Care Holdco, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 9.46 
 10/7/2022 
 10/5/2029 
 8,053 

0.0 
 
 SCP
 Eye Care Holdco, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 10.18 
 10/7/2022 
 10/5/2029 
 1,442 
 120 
 117 
 0.0 
 
 Seran
 BioScience, LLC (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 9.96 
 12/31/2020 
 7/8/2027 
 1,965 
 1,940 
 1,948 
 0.3 
 
 Seran
 BioScience, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.67 
 7/8/2022 
 7/8/2027 
 2,221 
 1,065 
 1,056 
 0.1 
 
 Seran
 BioScience, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 9.96 
 12/31/2020 
 7/8/2027 
 356 

0.0 
 
 SIP
 Care Services, LLC (~) (~~) 
 L 
 5.75 
 9.99 
 12/30/2021 
 12/30/2026 
 3,772 
 3,709 
 3,583 
 0.5 
 
 SIP
 Care Services, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 L 
 5.75 
 9.99 
 12/30/2021 
 12/30/2026 
 3,040 

0.0 
 
 SIP
 Care Services, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 5.75 
 10.07 
 12/30/2021 
 12/30/2026 
 760 
 152 
 144 
 0.0 
 
 Sound
 Inpatient Physicians, Inc. (~) (d) 
 L 
 2.75 
 7.14 
 10/12/2022 
 6/28/2025 
 2,821 
 2,321 
 2,309 
 0.3 
 
 TigerConnect, Inc.
 (~~) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 7.86 
 Cash/ 
 3.63 PIK 
 2/16/2022 
 2/16/2028 
 10,000 
 9,823 
 9,875 
 1.3 
 
 TigerConnect, Inc.
 (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 7.86 
 Cash/ 
 3.63 PIK 
 2/16/2022 
 2/16/2028 
 413 
 93 
 91 
 0.0 
 
 TigerConnect, Inc.
 (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 11.49 
 2/16/2022 
 2/16/2028 
 1,429 

0.0 
 
 WebPT, Inc.
 (~~) 
 L 
 6.75 
 11.48 
 8/28/2019 
 1/18/2028 
 5,000 
 4,961 
 4,980 
 0.7 
 
 WebPT, Inc.
 (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.75 
 11.91 
 8/28/2019 
 1/18/2028 
 521 
 201 
 201 
 0.0 
 
 Whistler
 Parent Holdings III, Inc. (~~) 
 SF 
 6.75 
 11.17 
 6/3/2022 
 6/2/2028 
 21,000 
 20,604 
 20,801 
 2.8 
 
 Whistler
 Parent Holdings III, Inc. (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.75 
 11.17 
 6/3/2022 
 6/2/2028 
 6,563 
 262 
 260 
 0.0 
 
 Whistler
 Parent Holdings III, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.75 
 11.17 
 6/3/2022 
 6/2/2028 
 2,625 
 394 
 390 
 0.1 

251,080 
 186,738 
 187,117 
 24.8 

F- 10 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31,
2022 

 (in
thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (^) 
 Index
 (^^) 
 Spread
 (^^) 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (^^^) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (^^^^) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (^^^^^) 

High
 Tech Industries 

Acquia
 Inc. (~~) 
 L 
 7.00 
 10.74 
 11/1/2019 
 10/31/2025 
 15,429 
 15,224 
 15,429 
 2.0 
 
 Acquia
 Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 7.00 
 12.15 
 11/1/2019 
 10/31/2025 
 588 
 346 
 346 
 0.0 
 
 Amelia
 Holding II, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 10.26 
 13.77 
 Cash/ 
 1.00 PIK 
 12/21/2022 
 12/21/2027 
 10,000 
 9,702 
 9,700 
 1.3 
 
 Amelia
 Holding II, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 10.26 
 13.77 
 Cash/ 
 1.00 PIK 
 12/21/2022 
 12/21/2027 
 3,333 

0.0 
 
 Amelia
 Holding II, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 10.26 
 13.77 
 Cash/ 
 1.00 PIK 
 12/21/2022 
 12/21/2027 
 667 

0.0 
 
 Arcstor
 Midco, LLC (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 7.60 
 8.17 
 Cash/ 
 3.75 PIK 
 3/16/2021 
 3/16/2027 
 12,075 
 11,897 
 10,992 
 1.5 
 
 BTRS
 Holdings Inc (~) 
 SF 
 8.00 
 12.50 
 12/16/2022 
 12/15/2028 
 10,000 
 9,702 
 9,700 
 1.3 
 
 BTRS
 Holdings Inc (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 8.00 
 12.50 
 12/16/2022 
 12/15/2028 
 845 

0.0 
 
 BTRS
 Holdings Inc (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 8.00 
 12.50 
 12/16/2022 
 12/15/2028 
 1,067 

0.0 
 
 Drawbridge
 Partners, LLC (~~) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.56 
 PIK 
 9/1/2022 
 9/1/2028 
 15,000 
 14,714 
 14,854 
 2.0 
 
 Drawbridge
 Partners, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.56 
 PIK 
 9/1/2022 
 9/1/2028 
 1,649 
 514 
 509 
 0.1 
 
 Drawbridge
 Partners, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.56 
 9/1/2022 
 9/1/2028 
 2,609 

0.0 
 
 Fueled
 Digital Media, LLC (~~~) 
 SF 
 6.11 
 10.24 
 11/1/2022 
 11/1/2027 
 5,753 
 5,612 
 5,609 
 0.7 
 
 Fueled
 Digital Media, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.11 
 10.24 
 11/1/2022 
 11/1/2027 
 504 

0.0 
 
 Fueled
 Digital Media, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.11 
 10.24 
 11/1/2022 
 11/1/2027 
 807 

0.0 
 
 MarkLogic
 Corporation (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.85 
 5/10/2022 
 10/20/2025 
 4,003 
 3,935 
 3,985 
 0.5 
 
 MarkLogic
 Corporation (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.85 
 10/20/2020 
 10/20/2025 
 5,145 
 5,066 
 5,121 
 0.7 
 
 MarkLogic
 Corporation (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.85 
 11/23/2021 
 10/20/2025 
 480 
 473 
 478 
 0.1 
 
 MarkLogic
 Corporation (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.85 
 11/23/2021 
 10/20/2025 
 321 
 321 
 320 
 0.0 
 
 MarkLogic
 Corporation (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.85 
 10/20/2020 
 10/20/2025 
 404 

0.0 
 
 Matrix
 Parent, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 5.00 
 9.55 
 11/2/2022 
 3/1/2029 
 2,494 
 2,272 
 2,057 
 0.3 
 
 Medallia, Inc.
 (~~) 
 L 
 6.50 
 10.88 
 PIK 
 8/15/2022 
 10/27/2028 
 11,270 
 11,059 
 11,225 
 1.5 
 
 Mindbody, Inc.
 (~~) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.73 
 2/15/2019 
 2/14/2025 
 1,867 
 1,852 
 1,865 
 0.2 
 
 Mindbody, Inc.
 (~~) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.73 
 9/22/2021 
 2/14/2025 
 7,387 
 7,387 
 7,375 
 1.0 
 
 Mindbody, Inc.
 (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.73 
 2/15/2019 
 2/14/2025 
 190 

0.0 
 
 Optomi,
 LLC (~) 
 SF 
 8.25 
 12.65 
 12/13/2022 
 12/16/2027 
 5,668 
 5,499 
 5,668 
 0.8 
 
 Optomi,
 LLC (~) (~~) 
 L 
 5.50 
 9.24 
 12/16/2021 
 12/16/2027 
 13,399 
 13,168 
 12,980 
 1.7 
 
 Optomi,
 LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 5.50 
 9.24 
 12/16/2021 
 12/16/2027 
 3,189 
 1,063 
 1,030 
 0.1 
 
 Securly, Inc.
 (~~) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.41 
 4/20/2022 
 4/22/2027 
 3,702 
 3,636 
 3,642 
 0.4 
 
 Securly, Inc.
 (~~) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.73 
 4/22/2021 
 4/22/2027 
 8,400 
 8,269 
 8,264 
 1.1 
 
 Securly, Inc.
 (~~) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.73 
 4/22/2021 
 4/22/2027 
 1,938 
 1,938 
 1,907 
 0.3 
 
 Securly, Inc.
 (Delayed Draw) ) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.69 
 4/20/2022 
 4/22/2027 
 2,585 
 1,809 
 1,780 
 0.2 
 
 Securly, Inc.
 (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.73 
 4/22/2021 
 4/22/2027 
 969 

0.0 
 
 Transact
 Holdings Inc. (~) 
 L 
 4.25 
 8.63 
 4/18/2019 
 4/30/2026 
 718 
 711 
 687 
 0.1 
 
 Unanet, Inc.
 (~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.97 
 12/9/2022 
 12/8/2028 
 22,000 
 21,565 
 21,560 
 2.9 
 
 Unanet, Inc.
 (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.97 
 12/9/2022 
 12/8/2028 
 6,947 

0.0 
 
 Unanet, Inc.
 (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.97 
 12/9/2022 
 12/8/2028 
 2,316 

0.0 
 
 Watchguard
 Technologies, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 5.25 
 9.57 
 8/17/2022 
 6/29/2029 
 21,101 
 19,752 
 20,225 
 2.7 

206,819 
 177,486 
 177,308 
 23.5 
 
 Hotels,
 Gaming Leisure 

Equine
 Network, LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.24 
 12/31/2020 
 12/31/2025 
 1,474 
 1,452 
 1,465 
 0.2 
 
 Equine
 Network, LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.24 
 1/29/2021 
 12/31/2025 
 668 
 659 
 664 
 0.1 
 
 Equine
 Network, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.24 
 12/31/2020 
 12/31/2025 
 366 

0.0 
 
 Equine
 Network, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.30 
 12/31/2020 
 12/31/2025 
 146 
 110 
 109 
 0.0 

2,654 
 2,221 
 2,238 
 0.3 

F- 11 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31,
2022 

 (in
thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (^) 
 Index
 (^^) 
 Spread
 (^^) 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (^^^) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (^^^^) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (^^^^^) 

Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 

95
 Percent Buyer, LLC (~) (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 5.50 
 9.62 
 11/24/2021 
 11/24/2026 
 17,865 
 17,575 
 17,905 
 2.4 
 
 95
 Percent Buyer, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 5.50 
 9.62 
 11/24/2021 
 11/24/2026 
 963 

0.0 
 
 Calienger
 Holdings, L.L.C. (~~~) 
 SF 
 6.10 
 10.22 
 10/21/2022 
 10/20/2028 
 5,000 
 4,878 
 4,875 
 0.6 
 
 Calienger
 Holdings, L.L.C. (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.10 
 10.22 
 10/21/2022 
 10/20/2028 
 667 

0.0 
 
 Calienger
 Holdings, L.L.C. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.10 
 10.22 
 10/21/2022 
 10/20/2028 
 909 

0.0 
 
 CE
 Intermediate, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 10.09 
 10/11/2022 
 7/1/2027 
 29,812 
 29,092 
 29,067 
 3.9 
 
 Madison
 Logic Holdings, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.58 
 12/30/2022 
 12/29/2028 
 14,000 
 13,580 
 13,580 
 1.8 
 
 Madison
 Logic Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 7.00 
 11.58 
 12/30/2022 
 12/30/2027 
 1,207 

0.0 
 
 North
 Haven USHC Acquisition, Inc. (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.18 
 10/30/2020 
 10/30/2025 
 2,450 
 2,419 
 2,448 
 0.3 
 
 North
 Haven USHC Acquisition, Inc. (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.18 
 3/12/2021 
 10/30/2025 
 710 
 710 
 709 
 0.1 
 
 North
 Haven USHC Acquisition, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.18 
 9/3/2021 
 10/30/2025 
 1,434 
 1,434 
 1,433 
 0.2 
 
 North
 Haven USHC Acquisition, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.41 
 7/29/2022 
 10/30/2025 
 2,592 
 2,556 
 2,575 
 0.3 
 
 North
 Haven USHC Acquisition, Inc. (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.18 
 7/29/2022 
 10/30/2025 
 1,056 

0.0 
 
 North
 Haven USHC Acquisition, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.13 
 10/30/2020 
 10/30/2025 
 416 
 187 
 187 
 0.0 
 
 NTM
 Acquisition Corp. (~~~) 
 L 
 7.25 
 10.98 
 Cash/ 
 1.00 PIK 
 4/18/2019 
 6/7/2024 
 4,402 
 4,402 
 4,270 
 0.6 
 
 Really
 Great Reading Company, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.83 
 12/9/2022 
 12/8/2028 
 12,000 
 11,701 
 11,700 
 1.5 
 
 Really
 Great Reading Company, Inc. (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.83 
 12/9/2022 
 12/8/2028 
 2,526 

0.0 
 
 Really
 Great Reading Company, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.83 
 12/9/2022 
 12/8/2028 
 3,200 

0.0 
 
 Relevate
 Health Group, LLC (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 9.97 
 11/20/2020 
 11/20/2025 
 1,965 
 1,940 
 1,933 
 0.3 
 
 Relevate
 Health Group, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 9.97 
 3/28/2022 
 11/20/2025 
 5,237 
 5,150 
 5,150 
 0.7 
 
 Relevate
 Health Group, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 9.97 
 11/20/2020 
 11/20/2025 
 1,037 
 879 
 865 
 0.1 
 
 Relevate
 Health Group, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 9.97 
 11/20/2020 
 11/20/2025 
 789 

0.0 
 
 Spherix
 Global Inc. (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.24 
 12/22/2021 
 12/22/2026 
 4,466 
 4,402 
 4,450 
 0.6 
 
 Spherix
 Global Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.24 
 12/22/2021 
 12/22/2026 
 500 

0.0 
 
 XanEdu
 Publishing, Inc. (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.94 
 1/28/2020 
 1/28/2025 
 6,031 
 5,962 
 6,056 
 0.8 
 
 XanEdu
 Publishing, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.94 
 8/31/2022 
 1/28/2025 
 2,397 
 2,344 
 2,406 
 0.3 
 
 XanEdu
 Publishing, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.94 
 1/28/2020 
 1/28/2025 
 977 

0.0 

124,608 
 109,211 
 109,609 
 14.5 
 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 

Vice
 Group Holding Inc. 
 L 
 12.00 
 4.51 
 Cash/ 
 12.00 PIK 
 5/2/2019 
 5/12/2023 
 1,268 
 1,268 
 1,243 
 0.2 
 
 Vice
 Group Holding Inc. 
 L 
 12.00 
 4.42 
 Cash/ 
 12.00 PIK 
 5/2/2019 
 5/12/2023 
 398 
 398 
 390 
 0.1 
 
 Vice
 Group Holding Inc. 
 L 
 12.00 
 4.25 
 Cash/ 
 12.00 PIK 
 5/2/2019 
 5/12/2023 
 150 
 150 
 147 
 0.0 
 
 Vice
 Group Holding Inc. 
 L 
 12.00 
 4.51 
 Cash/ 
 12.00 PIK 
 11/4/2019 
 5/12/2023 
 243 
 243 
 239 
 0.0 

2,059 
 2,059 
 2,019 
 0.3 
 
 Media:
 Diversified Production 

Bonterra,
 LLC (fka Cybergrants Holdings) (~~) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.98 
 9/8/2021 
 9/8/2027 
 18,555 
 18,637 
 18,432 
 2.4 
 
 Bonterra,
 LLC (fka Cybergrants Holdings) (Delayed Draw) ) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.98 
 9/8/2021 
 9/8/2027 
 1,759 

0.0 
 
 Bonterra,
 LLC (fka Cybergrants Holdings) (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.98 
 9/8/2021 
 9/8/2027 
 1,814 
 674 
 659 
 0.1 
 
 Chess.com,
 LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 6.50 
 11.23 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2027 
 12,902 
 12,679 
 12,709 
 1.7 
 
 Chess.com,
 LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.50 
 11.23 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2027 
 1,413 

0.0 
 
 Crownpeak
 Technology, Inc. (~~) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 11.47 
 2/28/2019 
 2/28/2025 
 1,000 
 995 
 1,000 
 0.1 
 
 Crownpeak
 Technology, Inc. (~~) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 11.47 
 2/28/2019 
 2/28/2025 
 15 
 15 
 15 
 0.0 
 
 Crownpeak
 Technology, Inc. (~~) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 11.47 
 9/27/2022 
 2/28/2025 
 318 
 313 
 318 
 0.0 
 
 Crownpeak
 Technology, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 11.41 
 9/27/2022 
 2/28/2025 
 833 
 833 
 833 
 0.1 
 
 Crownpeak
 Technology, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 11.47 
 2/28/2019 
 2/28/2025 
 125 

0.0 
 
 Research
 Now Group, Inc. and Survey Sampling International, LLC (~) (d) 
 L 
 5.50 
 9.89 
 11/28/2022 
 12/20/2024 
 2,493 
 2,257 
 1,888 
 0.3 
 
 Spectrum
 Science Communications, LLC (~~~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.92 
 1/25/2022 
 1/25/2027 
 2,985 
 2,936 
 3,015 
 0.4 
 
 Spectrum
 Science Communications, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.92 
 1/25/2022 
 1/25/2027 
 600 

0.0 
 
 Sports
 Operating Holdings II, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 10.17 
 11/3/2022 
 11/3/2027 
 4,988 
 4,866 
 4,863 
 0.6 
 
 Sports
 Operating Holdings II, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 10.17 
 11/3/2022 
 11/3/2027 
 4,000 

0.0 
 
 Sports
 Operating Holdings II, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 10.17 
 11/3/2022 
 11/3/2027 
 865 

0.0 
 
 Streamland
 Media MidCo LLC (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.75 
 11.11 
 8/26/2019 
 8/31/2023 
 1,974 
 1,961 
 1,974 
 0.3 
 
 Streamland
 Media MidCo LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.75 
 11.11 
 3/7/2022 
 8/31/2023 
 535 
 526 
 535 
 0.1 

57,174 
 46,692 
 46,241 
 6.1 

F- 12 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31,
2022 

 (in
thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (^) 
 Index
 (^^) 
 Spread
 (^^) 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (^^^) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (^^^^) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (^^^^^) 

Services:
 Business 

Aperture
 Companies, LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.37 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2026 
 14,888 
 14,639 
 14,272 
 1.9 
 
 Aperture
 Companies, LLC (~~) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.58 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2026 
 4,320 
 4,320 
 4,142 
 0.6 
 
 Aperture
 Companies, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.37 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2026 
 1,347 

0.0 
 
 Aras
 Corporation (~) 
 L 
 7.00 
 7.16 
 Cash/ 
 3.75 PIK 
 4/13/2021 
 4/13/2027 
 4,669 
 4,607 
 4,696 
 0.6 
 
 Aras
 Corporation (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.50 
 9.50 
 4/13/2021 
 4/13/2027 
 325 
 108 
 108 
 0.0 
 
 Argano,
 LLC (~~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.72 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2026 
 8,986 
 8,854 
 8,885 
 1.2 
 
 Argano,
 LLC (~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.72 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2026 
 3,979 
 3,979 
 3,934 
 0.5 
 
 Argano,
 LLC (~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.72 
 10/7/2022 
 6/10/2026 
 689 
 670 
 682 
 0.1 
 
 Argano,
 LLC (~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.72 
 3/16/2022 
 6/10/2026 
 4,757 
 4,757 
 4,704 
 0.6 
 
 Argano,
 LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.72 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2026 
 965 
 502 
 496 
 0.1 
 
 ecMarket
 Inc. and Conexiom US Inc. (~~) 
 L 
 6.75 
 11.48 
 PIK 
 9/21/2021 
 9/21/2027 
 16,027 
 15,773 
 15,847 
 2.1 
 
 ecMarket
 Inc. and Conexiom US Inc. (~~) 
 L 
 6.75 
 11.48 
 PIK 
 9/21/2021 
 9/21/2027 
 1,291 
 1,291 
 1,276 
 0.2 
 
 ecMarket
 Inc. and Conexiom US Inc. (Revolver) 
 L 
 6.75 
 11.48 
 9/21/2021 
 9/21/2027 
 2,067 

0.0 
 
 Edustaff,
 LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.10 
 10.42 
 12/8/2022 
 12/8/2027 
 13,000 
 12,646 
 12,643 
 1.7 
 
 Edustaff,
 LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.10 
 10.42 
 12/8/2022 
 12/8/2027 
 2,364 

0.0 
 
 FusionSite
 Services LLC (~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.06 
 10/4/2022 
 10/4/2027 
 16,098 
 15,786 
 15,777 
 2.1 
 
 FusionSite
 Services LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.91 
 10/4/2022 
 10/4/2027 
 7,576 
 2,576 
 2,524 
 0.3 
 
 FusionSite
 Services LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.06 
 10/4/2022 
 10/4/2027 
 1,326 

0.0 
 
 HS4
 Acquisitionco, Inc. (~~) 
 L 
 6.75 
 11.14 
 7/9/2019 
 7/9/2025 
 3,940 
 3,901 
 3,922 
 0.5 
 
 HS4
 Acquisitionco, Inc. (~~) 
 L 
 6.75 
 11.14 
 10/6/2021 
 7/9/2025 
 4,280 
 4,280 
 4,261 
 0.6 
 
 HS4
 Acquisitionco, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.75 
 11.14 
 7/9/2019 
 7/9/2025 
 325 
 163 
 162 
 0.0 
 
 iCIMS, Inc.
 (~~) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 11.52 
 10/24/2022 
 8/18/2028 
 8,000 
 7,861 
 7,860 
 1.0 
 
 Kingsley
 Gate Partners, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.65 
 11.12 
 12/9/2022 
 12/11/2028 
 3,000 
 2,941 
 2,940 
 0.4 
 
 Kingsley
 Gate Partners, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.65 
 11.12 
 12/9/2022 
 12/11/2028 
 3,600 

0.0 
 
 Kingsley
 Gate Partners, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.65 
 11.12 
 12/9/2022 
 12/11/2028 
 3,000 

0.0 
 
 Kingsley
 Gate Partners, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.65 
 11.12 
 12/9/2022 
 12/11/2028 
 1,200 

0.0 
 
 Moonraker
 Acquisitionco LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.32 
 9/30/2022 
 8/4/2028 
 7,000 
 6,864 
 7,000 
 0.9 
 
 Moonraker
 Acquisitionco LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.32 
 9/30/2022 
 8/4/2028 
 2,333 

0.0 
 
 Moonraker
 Acquisitionco LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.32 
 9/30/2022 
 8/4/2028 
 2,333 

0.0 
 
 Moonraker
 Acquisitionco LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 10.32 
 9/30/2022 
 8/4/2028 
 933 

0.0 
 
 Prototek
 LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.83 
 12/8/2022 
 12/8/2027 
 8,000 
 7,761 
 7,760 
 1.0 
 
 Prototek
 LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.83 
 12/8/2022 
 12/8/2027 
 2,457 

0.0 
 
 Prototek
 LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.83 
 12/8/2022 
 12/8/2027 
 1,843 

0.0 
 
 Relativity
 ODA LLC (~) 
 L 
 7.50 
 11.89 
 PIK 
 5/12/2021 
 5/12/2027 
 5,154 
 5,059 
 5,151 
 0.7 
 
 Relativity
 ODA LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 7.50 
 11.89 
 PIK 
 5/12/2021 
 5/12/2027 
 450 

0.0 
 
 Sundance
 Group Holdings, Inc. (~~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.75 
 7/2/2021 
 7/2/2027 
 4,148 
 4,080 
 4,131 
 0.5 
 
 Sundance
 Group Holdings, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.93 
 11/30/2022 
 7/2/2027 
 166 
 161 
 165 
 0.0 
 
 Sundance
 Group Holdings, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.75 
 7/2/2021 
 7/2/2027 
 1,244 
 1,244 
 1,239 
 0.2 
 
 Sundance
 Group Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.75 
 7/2/2021 
 7/2/2027 
 498 

0.0 
 
 Thryv, Inc.
 (~) 
 L 
 8.50 
 12.89 
 9/7/2022 
 3/1/2026 
 9,213 
 9,121 
 9,102 
 1.2 

177,791 
 143,944 
 143,679 
 19.0 
 
 Services:
 Consumer 

Clydesdale
 Holdings, LLC (~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.01 
 6/24/2022 
 6/23/2028 
 14,962 
 14,681 
 14,873 
 2.0 
 
 Clydesdale
 Holdings, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.95 
 6/24/2022 
 6/23/2028 
 21,221 
 11,721 
 11,650 
 1.5 
 
 Clydesdale
 Holdings, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.95 
 6/24/2022 
 6/23/2028 
 4,523 

0.0 
 
 Denali
 Midco 2, LLC 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.92 
 9/13/2022 
 12/22/2027 
 12,469 
 12,110 
 12,450 
 1.7 
 
 Denali
 Midco 2, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.92 
 9/13/2022 
 12/22/2027 
 12,500 
 2,500 
 2,496 
 0.3 
 
 Express
 Wash Acquisition Company, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.32 
 7/14/2022 
 7/14/2028 
 11,529 
 11,464 
 11,471 
 1.5 
 
 Express
 Wash Acquisition Company, LLC 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.43 
 7/14/2022 
 7/14/2028 
 2,160 
 2,160 
 2,149 
 0.3 
 
 Express
 Wash Acquisition Company, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.83 
 7/14/2022 
 7/14/2028 
 536 
 295 
 293 
 0.0 
 
 Light
 Wave Dental Management, LLC (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.32 
 8/1/2019 
 1/2/2024 
 2,029 
 2,021 
 2,027 
 0.3 
 
 Light
 Wave Dental Management, LLC (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.32 
 5/3/2021 
 1/2/2024 
 1,469 
 1,469 
 1,468 
 0.2 
 
 Light
 Wave Dental Management, LLC (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.32 
 8/3/2021 
 1/2/2024 
 1,356 
 1,344 
 1,354 
 0.2 
 
 Light
 Wave Dental Management, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.32 
 8/3/2021 
 1/2/2024 
 3,382 
 3,382 
 3,379 
 0.5 
 
 Light
 Wave Dental Management, LLC (Delayed Draw) (~) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.32 
 6/24/2022 
 1/2/2024 
 11,464 
 3,298 
 3,295 
 0.4 
 
 Light
 Wave Dental Management, LLC (Revolver) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 11.32 
 5/3/2021 
 1/2/2024 
 187 
 187 
 187 
 0.0 
 
 Pacific
 Bells, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 4.50 
 9.34 
 11/2/2022 
 11/10/2028 
 2,939 
 2,754 
 2,770 
 0.4 
 
 Viad
 Corp (~) 
 L 
 5.00 
 9.38 
 9/12/2022 
 7/30/2028 
 4,975 
 4,865 
 4,718 
 0.6 

107,701 
 74,251 
 74,580 
 9.9 

F- 13 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31,
2022 

 (in
thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (^) 
 Index
 (^^) 
 Spread
 (^^) 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (^^^) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (^^^^) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (^^^^^) 

Telecommunications 

American
 Broadband and Telecommunications Company LLC (Delayed Draw) (~) ) 
 P 
 12.00 
 17.50 
 Cash/ 
 2.00 PIK 
 6/10/2022 
 6/10/2025 
 3,377 
 3,043 
 3,079 
 0.4 
 
 American
 Broadband and Telecommunications Company LLC (Revolver) ) 
 P 
 12.00 
 17.50 
 Cash/ 
 2.00 PIK 
 6/10/2022 
 6/10/2025 
 1,000 
 242 
 236 
 0.0 
 
 Calabrio, Inc.
 (~~) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.73 
 4/16/2021 
 4/16/2027 
 8,000 
 7,844 
 7,950 
 1.1 
 
 Calabrio, Inc.
 (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.75 
 4/16/2021 
 4/16/2027 
 963 
 551 
 547 
 0.1 
 
 DataOnline
 Corp. (~) (~~) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.98 
 11/13/2019 
 11/13/2025 
 6,305 
 6,233 
 6,084 
 0.8 
 
 DataOnline
 Corp. (Revolver) 
 L 
 6.25 
 10.98 
 11/13/2019 
 11/13/2025 
 844 
 844 
 815 
 0.1 
 
 EOS
 Finco S.A.R.L. (~~~) 
 SF 
 6.00 
 9.61 
 8/3/2022 
 8/20/2027 
 1,250 
 1,153 
 1,220 
 0.2 
 
 Patagonia
 Holdco LLC (~) 
 SF 
 5.75 
 9.96 
 8/5/2022 
 8/1/2029 
 14,963 
 12,355 
 12,026 
 1.6 
 
 Sandvine
 Corporation (~) 
 L 
 4.50 
 8.88 
 3/8/2021 
 10/31/2025 
 1,159 
 1,159 
 1,104 
 0.1 

37,861 
 33,424 
 33,061 
 4.4 
 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 

Complete
 Innovations Inc. (~) 
 C 
 6.75 
 11.36 
 12/16/2020 
 12/16/2025 
 8,116 
 8,518 
 8,080 
 1.1 
 
 Complete
 Innovations Inc. (~) 
 C 
 6.75 
 11.36 
 12/16/2020 
 12/16/2025 
 1,029 
 1,101 
 1,025 
 0.1 
 
 Fiasco
 Enterprises, LLC (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.61 
 9.74 
 5/6/2022 
 5/6/2027 
 6,983 
 6,871 
 6,965 
 0.9 
 
 Fiasco
 Enterprises, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 6.61 
 10.95 
 12/15/2022 
 5/6/2027 
 8,400 
 8,149 
 8,404 
 1.1 
 
 Fiasco
 Enterprises, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 5.61 
 9.74 
 5/6/2022 
 5/6/2027 
 1,750 

0.0 
 
 Kenco
 PPC Buyer LLC (~) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.77 
 11/17/2022 
 11/15/2029 
 21,941 
 21,401 
 21,393 
 2.8 
 
 Kenco
 PPC Buyer LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.77 
 11/17/2022 
 11/15/2029 
 3,870 

0.0 
 
 Kenco
 PPC Buyer LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 5.50 
 9.77 
 11/17/2022 
 11/15/2029 
 4,787 

0.0 
 
 Randys
 Holdings, Inc. 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.59 
 11/1/2022 
 11/1/2028 
 17,045 
 16,542 
 16,534 
 2.2 
 
 Randys
 Holdings, Inc. (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.59 
 11/1/2022 
 11/1/2028 
 5,682 

0.0 
 
 Randys
 Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.59 
 11/1/2022 
 11/1/2028 
 2,273 
 358 
 347 
 0.0 
 
 RS
 Acquisition, LLC (~) (~~) (~~~) 
 L 
 6.00 
 10.12 
 12/13/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 10,918 
 10,738 
 10,634 
 1.4 
 
 RS
 Acquisition, LLC (Delayed Draw) (~) ) 
 L 
 6.00 
 10.12 
 12/13/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 10,073 
 8,303 
 8,087 
 1.1 
 
 RS
 Acquisition, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 L 
 6.00 
 10.12 
 12/13/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 1,264 
 910 
 887 
 0.1 

104,131 
 82,891 
 82,356 
 10.8 
 
 Wholesale 

IF 
 P Holdings Company, LLC (~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.25 
 8.91 
 10/6/2022 
 10/3/2028 
 23,867 
 23,288 
 23,270 
 3.1 
 
 IF 
 P Holdings Company, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 5.25 
 10.09 
 10/6/2022 
 10/3/2028 
 2,800 
 1,120 
 1,092 
 0.1 
 
 S S
 Holdings LLC (~) 
 L 
 5.00 
 9.29 
 3/10/2021 
 3/10/2028 
 2,947 
 2,876 
 2,695 
 0.4 

29,614 
 27,284 
 27,057 
 3.6 
 
 Total
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate Senior Secured Loans 

1,536,058 

1,238,738 
 1,237,432 
 163.9 

Unitranche
 Secured Loans 

Aerospace 
 Defense 

Cassavant
 Holdings, LLC (~) (~~) 
 L 
 6.50 
 10.62 
 9/8/2021 
 9/8/2026 
 13,265 
 13,058 
 13,013 
 1.7 

13,265 
 13,058 
 13,013 
 1.7 
 
 Construction 
 Building 

Inversiones
 DP6 (BVI) Numero Dos, Ltd. (Delayed Draw) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 9.00 
 Cash/ 
 4.75 PIK 
 10/14/2022 
 10/14/2026 
 25,101 
 15,977 
 15,817 
 2.1 

25,101 
 15,977 
 15,817 
 2.1 
 
 Consumer
 Goods: Durable 

Jumpstart
 Holdco, Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 5.65 
 9.61 
 4/19/2022 
 4/19/2028 
 23,441 
 23,010 
 21,857 
 2.9 

23,441 
 23,010 
 21,857 
 2.9 
 
 Environmental
 Industries 

StormTrap,
 LLC (~) (~~~) 
 SF 
 5.00 
 9.22 
 3/25/2022 
 3/24/2028 
 7,516 
 7,397 
 7,516 
 1.0 
 
 StormTrap,
 LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 5.00 
 9.22 
 3/25/2022 
 3/24/2028 
 2,222 

0.0 

9,738 
 7,397 
 7,516 
 1.0 
 
 Healthcare 
 Pharmaceuticals 

Evolve
 Biologics Inc. (~) 
 SF 
 8.00 
 12.32 
 12/20/2022 
 12/18/2026 
 17,271 
 16,925 
 16,925 
 2.2 
 
 Evolve
 Biologics Inc. (Delayed Draw) 
 SF 
 8.00 
 12.32 
 12/20/2022 
 12/18/2026 
 19,411 

0.0 

36,682 
 16,925 
 16,925 
 2.2 
 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 

New
 Engen, Inc. (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 5.00 
 9.24 
 12/3/2021 
 12/3/2026 
 9,429 
 9,293 
 9,327 
 1.3 
 
 New
 Engen, Inc. (~) (~~) 
 SF 
 5.00 
 9.24 
 12/27/2021 
 12/3/2026 
 7,962 
 7,962 
 7,877 
 1.0 

17,391 
 17,255 
 17,204 
 2.3 
 
 Services:
 Business 

ASG
 II, LLC (~~) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.67 
 5/25/2022 
 5/25/2028 
 15,000 
 14,720 
 15,000 
 2.0 
 
 ASG
 II, LLC (Delayed Draw) ) 
 SF 
 6.25 
 10.67 
 5/25/2022 
 5/25/2028 
 2,250 
 405 
 405 
 0.1 
 
 Onit, Inc.
 (~~) 
 SF 
 7.25 
 12.30 
 12/20/2021 
 5/2/2025 
 16,800 
 16,566 
 16,632 
 2.2 

34,050 
 31,691 
 32,037 
 4.3 
 
 Telecommunications 

VB
 E1, LLC (~) 
 L 
 7.65 
 12.38 
 11/18/2020 
 11/18/2026 
 3,000 
 3,000 
 3,009 
 0.4 

3,000 
 3,000 
 3,009 
 0.4 
 
 Total
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate Unitranche Secured Loans 

162,668 
 128,313 
 127,378 
 16.9 

F- 14 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31,
2022 

 (in
thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (^) 
 Index
 (^^) 
 Spread
 (^^) 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (^^^) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (^^^^) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (^^^^^) 

Junior
 Secured Loans 

Banking 

MoneyLion, Inc.
 (~) 
 SF 
 9.25 
 14.07 
 3/25/2022 
 3/24/2026 
 18,750 
 18,583 
 18,445 
 2.5 
 
 MoneyLion, Inc.
 (~) 
 P 
 5.75 
 13.25 
 8/27/2021 
 5/1/2023 
 2,500 
 2,484 
 2,497 
 0.3 
 
 MoneyLion, Inc.
 (Delayed Draw) 
 SF 
 9.25 
 14.07 
 3/25/2022 
 3/24/2026 
 5,357 

0.0 

26,607 
 21,067 
 20,942 
 2.8 
 
 FIRE:
 Real Estate 

Florida
 East Coast Industries, LLC 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 16.00 
 PIK 
 8/9/2021 
 6/28/2024 
 3,910 
 3,857 
 3,925 
 0.5 
 
 Witkoff/Monroe
 700 JV LLC (Delayed Draw) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 8.00 
 Cash/ 
 4.00 PIK 
 7/2/2021 
 7/2/2026 
 9,373 
 8,404 
 8,404 
 1.1 

13,283 
 12,261 
 12,329 
 1.6 
 
 Services:
 Consumer 

Light
 Wave Dental Management, LLC 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a (k) 
 12/6/2022 
 9/30/2023 
 2,479 
 2,479 
 3,032 
 0.4 

2,479 
 2,479 
 3,032 
 0.4 
 
 Total
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate Junior Secured Loans 

42,369 
 35,807 
 36,303 
 4.8 

Equity
 Securities (#) (##) 

Automotive 

Born
 To Run, LLC (692,841 Class A units) 

(###) 
 4/1/2021 

693 
 600 
 0.1 
 
 Lifted
 Trucks Holdings, LLC (158,730 Class A shares) (####) 

(###) 
 8/2/2021 

159 
 111 
 0.0 

852 
 711 
 0.1 
 
 Banking 

MV
 Receivables II, LLC (1,822 shares of common stock) 

(###) 
 7/29/2021 

750 
 1,443 
 0.2 
 
 MV
 Receivables II, LLC (warrant to purchase up to 1.0 of the equity) 

(###) 
 7/28/2021 
 7/28/2031 
 
 453 
 2,069 
 0.3 

1,203 
 3,512 
 0.5 
 
 Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 

Sabrosura
 Foods, LLC et al (fka Huff Hispanic Food Holdings, LLC) (171,429 Class A interests) 

(###) 
 10/18/2019 

171 
 4 
 0.0 
 
 Sabrosura
 Foods, LLC et al (fka Huff Hispanic Food Holdings, LLC) (7,022 Class AA units) 

(###) 
 11/22/2022 

10 
 7 
 0.0 

181 
 11 
 0.0 
 
 Capital
 Equipment 

Adept
 AG Holdings, LLC (314,584 preferred units) (####) 

(###) 
 8/11/2022 

650 
 649 
 0.1 
 
 MCP
 Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC (95,125 Class A-2 units) (####) 

(###) 
 2/28/2020 

95 
 163 
 0.0 

745 
 812 
 0.1 
 
 Consumer
 Goods: Durable 

Independence
 Buyer, Inc. (169 Class A units) 

(###) 
 8/3/2021 

169 
 212 
 0.0 
 
 Jumpstart
 Holdco, Inc. (1,566,667 Class A units) 

(###) 
 4/19/2022 

1,566 
 773 
 0.1 

1,735 
 985 
 0.1 
 
 Energy:
 Oil Gas 

QuarterNorth
 Energy Inc. (4,376 shares of common stock) (~) 

(###) 
 1/11/2020 

871 
 606 
 0.1 

871 
 606 
 0.1 
 
 Environmental
 Industries 

Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC (warrant to purchase up to 0.2 of the equity) 

(###) 
 10/19/2020 
 3/19/2028 
 
 67 
 210 
 0.0 
 
 Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC (warrant to purchase up to 0.2 of the equity) 

(###) 
 10/19/2021 
 3/19/2028 

147 
 0.0 
 
 StormTrap,
 LLC (640,000 Class A preferred units) (####) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 8.00 
 PIK 
 3/25/2022 

640 
 640 
 0.1 
 
 StormTrap,
 LLC (640,000 Class A common units) (####) 

(###) 
 3/25/2022 

213 
 0.1 
 
 Volt
 Bidco, Inc. (878 shares of common stock) 

(###) 
 8/11/2021 

891 
 886 
 0.1 

1,598 
 2,096 
 0.3 
 
 FIRE:
 Finance 

J2
 BWA Funding LLC (0.7 profit sharing) 

(###) 
 12/24/2020 

0.0 
 
 J2
 BWA Funding III, LLC (commitment to purchase up to 3.8 of the equity) 

(###) 
 4/29/2022 

76 
 76 
 0.0 
 
 J2
 BWA Funding III, LLC (1.2 profit sharing) 

(###) 
 4/29/2022 

0.0 

76 
 76 
 0.0 
 
 FIRE:
 Real Estate 

InsideRE,
 LLC (159,884 Class A common units) (####) 

(###) 
 9/9/2019 

160 
 346 
 0.0 
 
 Witkoff/Monroe
 700 JV LLC (2,992 preferred units) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 8.00 
 Cash/ 
 4.00 PIK 
 7/2/2021 

3 
 1,462 
 0.2 

163 
 1,808 
 0.2 

F- 15 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31,
2022 

 (in
thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (^) 
 Index
 (^^) 
 Spread
 (^^) 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (^^^) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (^^^^) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (^^^^^) 

Healthcare 
 Pharmaceuticals 

Ascent
 Midco, LLC (725,806 Class A units) (####) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 8.00 
 PIK 
 2/5/2020 

726 
 703 
 0.1 
 
 Dorado
 Acquisition, Inc. (531,783 Class A-1 units) 

(###) 
 6/30/2021 

578 
 601 
 0.1 
 
 Dorado
 Acquisition, Inc. (531,783 Class A-2 units) 

(###) 
 6/30/2021 

629 
 0.1 
 
 Evolve
 Biologics Inc. (0.1 of equity commitments) 

(###) 
 12/20/2022 

0.0 
 
 Evolve
 Biologics Inc. (warrant to purchase up to 1.5 of the equity) 

(###) 
 12/20/2022 

0.0 
 
 NationsBenefits,
 LLC (356,658 Series B units) (####) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 5.00 
 PIK 
 8/20/2021 

2,393 
 2,861 
 0.3 
 
 NationsBenefits,
 LLC (326,667 common units) (####) 

(###) 
 8/20/2021 

468 
 201 
 0.0 
 
 NQ PE
 Project Colosseum Midco Inc. (1,364,614 common units) 

(###) 
 10/4/2022 

1,365 
 1,365 
 0.2 
 
 Seran
 BioScience, LLC (26,666 common units) (####) 

(###) 
 12/31/2020 

267 
 429 
 0.1 

5,797 
 6,789 
 0.9 
 
 High
 Tech Industries 

Amelia
 Holding II, LLC (warrant to purchase up to 0.1 of the equity) 

(###) 
 12/21/2022 
 12/21/2032 

0.0 
 
 Drawbridge
 Partners, LLC (652,174 Class A-1 units) 

(###) 
 9/1/2022 

652 
 629 
 0.1 
 
 MarkLogic
 Corporation (435,358 Class A units) 

(###) 
 10/20/2020 

640 
 0.1 
 
 Optomi,
 LLC (278 Class A units) (####) 

(###) 
 12/16/2021 

278 
 512 
 0.1 
 
 Recorded
 Future, Inc. (40,243 Class A units) (f) 

(###) 
 7/3/2019 

40 
 113 
 0.0 
 
 Unanet, Inc.
 (1,621,053 shares of common stock) 

(###) 
 12/5/2022 

1,622 
 1,621 
 0.2 

2,592 
 3,515 
 0.5 
 
 Hotels,
 Gaming Leisure 

Equine
 Network, LLC (92 Class A units) (####) 

(###) 
 12/31/2020 

95 
 93 
 0.0 

95 
 93 
 0.0 
 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 

95
 Percent Buyer, LLC (385,027 Class A units) (####) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 8.00 
 PIK 
 11/24/2021 

385 
 580 
 0.1 
 
 Calienger
 Holdings, L.L.C. (568,181 Class A units) (####) 

(###) 
 10/21/2022 

568 
 568 
 0.1 
 
 New Engen, Inc.
 (417 preferred units) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 8.00 
 PIK 
 12/27/2021 

417 
 391 
 0.1 
 
 New Engen, Inc.
 (5,067 Class B common units) 

(###) 
 12/27/2021 

5 
 5 
 0.0 
 
 Really
 Great Reading Company, Inc. (369 Series A units) 

(###) 
 12/9/2022 

369 
 369 
 0.0 
 
 Relevate
 Health Group, LLC (96 preferred units) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 12.00 
 PIK 
 11/20/2020 

96 
 86 
 0.0 
 
 Relevate
 Health Group, LLC (96 Class B common units) 

(###) 
 11/20/2020 

0.0 
 
 Spherix
 Global Inc. (333 Class A units) 

(###) 
 12/22/2021 

333 
 256 
 0.0 
 
 XanEdu
 Publishing, Inc. (65,104 Class A units) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 8.00 
 PIK 
 1/28/2020 

65 
 294 
 0.0 

2,238 
 2,549 
 0.3 
 
 Media:
 Diversified Production 

Chess.com,
 LLC (5 Class A units) (####) 

(###) 
 12/31/2021 

189 
 107 
 0.0 

189 
 107 
 0.0 
 
 Services:
 Business 

Argano,
 LLC (56,839 common units) (####) 

(###) 
 6/10/2021 

270 
 418 
 0.1 
 
 ecMarket
 Inc. and Conexiom US Inc. (96,603 preferred shares) 

(###) 
 9/21/2021 

723 
 698 
 0.1 
 
 Edustaff,
 LLC (591 shares of common stock) (####) 

(###) 
 12/8/2022 

591 
 591 
 0.1 
 
 Skillsoft
 Corp. (26,168 Class A shares) (~) 

(###) 
 6/11/2021 

508 
 34 
 0.0 

2,092 
 1,741 
 0.3 
 
 Services:
 Consumer 

Express
 Wash Acquisition Company, LLC (135,869 Class A units) (####) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 8.00 
 PIK 
 12/28/2020 

140 
 132 
 0.0 
 
 IDIG
 Parent, LLC (192,908 shares of common stock) (####) (h) 

(###) 
 1/4/2021 

195 
 254 
 0.1 

335 
 386 
 0.1 
 
 Telecommunications 

American
 Broadband and Telecommunications Company LLC (warrant to purchase up to 0.4 of the equity) 

(###) 
 6/10/2022 
 6/10/2032 
 
 84 
 139 
 0.0 
 
 American
 Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. (warrant to purchase up to 4.9 of the equity) 

(###) 
 12/2/2021 
 1/31/2029 

206 
 0.0 

84 
 345 
 0.0 
 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 

RS
 Acquisition, LLC (753,485 common units) (####) 

(###) 
 1/12/2022 

1,264 
 1,053 
 0.1 

1,264 
 1,053 
 0.1 
 
 Wholesale 

IF 
 P Holdings Company, LLC (1,500 Class A preferred units) 

(###) 
 10/3/2022 

1,500 
 1,500 
 0.2 
 
 IF 
 P Holdings Company, LLC (1,500 Class B common units) 

(###) 
 10/3/2022 

0.0 

1,500 
 1,500 
 0.2 
 
 Total
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate Equity Securities 

23,610 
 28,695 
 3.8 
 
 Total
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate Company Investments 

1,426,468 
 1,429,808 

189.4 

Non-Controlled
 Affiliate Company Investments (##### 

Senior
 Secured Loans 

FIRE:
 Real Estate 

Second
 Avenue SFR Holdings II LLC (Revolver) 
 L 
 7.00 
 11.12 
 8/11/2021 
 8/9/2024 
 4,875 
 4,785 
 4,755 
 0.6 

4,875 
 4,785 
 4,755 
 0.6 
 
 Services:
 Business 

Nastel
 Technologies, LLC (~~) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.74 
 9/21/2022 
 9/21/2028 
 3,500 
 3,432 
 3,500 
 0.5 
 
 Nastel
 Technologies, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 6.50 
 10.74 
 9/21/2022 
 9/21/2028 
 368 

0.0 

3,868 
 3,432 
 3,500 
 0.5 
 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 

SheerTrans
 Solutions, LLC (~) 
 SF 
 7.50 
 11.94 
 7/29/2022 
 7/29/2027 
 5,101 
 5,005 
 5,101 
 0.7 
 
 SheerTrans
 Solutions, LLC (Revolver) ) 
 SF 
 7.50 
 11.94 
 7/29/2022 
 7/29/2027 
 1,465 

0.0 

6,566 
 5,005 
 5,101 
 0.7 
 
 Total
 Non-Controlled/Affiliate Senior Secured Loans 

15,309 
 13,222 
 13,356 
 1.8 

Junior
 Secured Loans 

FIRE:
 Real Estate 

SFR
 Holdco, LLC 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 8.00 
 8/6/2021 
 7/28/2028 
 5,850 
 5,850 
 5,850 
 0.8 
 
 SFR
 Holdco, LLC (Delayed Draw) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 8.00 
 3/1/2022 
 7/28/2028 
 4,388 
 2,316 
 2,316 
 0.3 

10,238 
 8,166 
 8,166 
 1.1 
 
 Total
 Non-Controlled/Affiliate Junior Secured Loans 

10,238 
 8,166 
 8,166 
 1.1 

Equity
 Securities (##) (#####) 

FIRE:
 Real Estate 

SFR
 Holdco, LLC (13.9 of equity commitments) 

(###) 
 8/6/2021 

3,900 
 3,900 
 0.5 
 
 SFR
 Holdco, LLC (10.5 of equity commitments) 

(###) 
 3/1/2022 

1,545 
 1,545 
 0.2 

5,445 
 5,445 
 0.7 
 
 Services:
 Business 

Nastel
 Technologies, LLC (3,408 Class A units) (####) 

(###) 
 9/21/2022 

3,408 
 3,578 
 0.5 

3,408 
 3,578 
 0.5 
 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 

SheerTrans
 Solutions, LLC (8,642,579 preferred interests) (####) 

(###) 
 7/29/2022 

8,643 
 8,643 
 1.1 

8,643 
 8,643 
 1.1 
 
 Total
 Non-Controlled/Affiliate Equity Securities 

17,572 
 17,742 
 2.3 
 
 Total
 Non-Controlled/Affiliate Company Investments 

38,884 
 39,188 
 5.2 

TOTAL
 INVESTMENTS 

1,465,352 
 1,468,996 
 194.6 

F- 16 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2022 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

Derivative Instruments 

Foreign currency forward contract 

Description 
 Notional
 Amount to be Purchased 
 Notional
 Amount to be Sold 
 Counterparty 
 Settlement
 Date 
 Unrealized
 Gain (Loss) 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 183 
 CAD 
 248 
 Bannockburn Global Forex,
 LLC 
 1/5/2023 

Foreign currency forward contract 
 92 
 CAD 
 127 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 1/19/2023 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 81 
 CAD 
 113 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 2/17/2023 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 79 
 CAD 
 109 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 3/17/2023 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 314 
 CAD 
 426 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 4/5/2023 

Foreign currency forward contract 
 93 
 CAD 
 128 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 4/19/2023 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 79 
 CAD 
 109 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 5/17/2023 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 87 
 CAD 
 121 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 6/19/2023 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 316 
 CAD 
 428 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 7/5/2023 

Foreign currency forward contract 
 90 
 CAD 
 124 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 7/19/2023 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 81 
 CAD 
 112 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 8/17/2023 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 87 
 CAD 
 120 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 9/19/2023 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 318 
 CAD 
 431 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 10/3/2023 

Foreign currency forward contract 
 84 
 CAD 
 116 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 10/19/2023 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 75 
 CAD 
 103 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 11/17/2023 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 77 
 CAD 
 106 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 12/19/2023 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 316 
 CAD 
 429 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 1/4/2024 

Foreign currency forward contract 
 104 
 CAD 
 143 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 1/17/2024 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 81 
 CAD 
 112 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 2/19/2024 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 76 
 CAD 
 105 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 3/19/2024 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 313 
 CAD 
 424 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 4/3/2024 

Foreign currency forward contract 
 103 
 CAD 
 143 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 4/17/2024 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 78 
 CAD 
 108 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 5/17/2024 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 86 
 CAD 
 118 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 6/19/2024 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 308 
 CAD 
 417 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 7/3/2024 

Foreign currency forward contract 
 95 
 CAD 
 131 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 7/17/2024 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 80 
 CAD 
 111 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 8/19/2024 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 83 
 CAD 
 114 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 9/18/2024 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 312 
 CAD 
 423 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 10/2/2024 

Foreign currency forward contract 
 97 
 CAD 
 134 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 10/17/2024 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 80 
 CAD 
 110 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 11/19/2024 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 80 
 CAD 
 110 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 12/18/2024 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 302 
 CAD 
 409 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 1/2/2025 

Foreign currency forward contract 
 96 
 CAD 
 133 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 1/17/2025 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 83 
 CAD 
 115 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 2/20/2025 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 66 
 CAD 
 91 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 3/19/2025 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 10,811 
 CAD 
 14,653 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 4/2/2025 

Foreign currency forward contract 
 93 
 CAD 
 128 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 4/17/2025 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 73 
 CAD 
 101 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 5/19/2025 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 78 
 CAD 
 107 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 6/18/2025 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 93 
 CAD 
 128 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 7/17/2025 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 75 
 CAD 
 103 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 8/19/2025 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 75 
 CAD 
 103 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 9/17/2025 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 94 
 CAD 
 130 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 10/17/2025 
 (2 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 79 
 CAD 
 109 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 11/19/2025 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 8,874 
 CAD 
 12,243 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 12/18/2025 
 (159 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 118 
 AUD 
 153 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 1/18/2023 
 14 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 108 
 AUD 
 140 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 2/16/2023 
 12 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 102 
 AUD 
 132 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 3/16/2023 
 12 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 123 
 AUD 
 160 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 4/20/2023 
 14 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 93 
 AUD 
 121 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 5/16/2023 
 11 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 121 
 AUD 
 156 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 6/19/2023 
 14 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 106 
 AUD 
 138 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 7/18/2023 
 12 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 113 
 AUD 
 146 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 8/16/2023 
 13 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 113 
 AUD 
 146 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 9/18/2023 
 13 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 114 
 AUD 
 148 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 10/18/2023 
 13 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 107 
 AUD 
 140 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 11/16/2023 
 12 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 109 
 AUD 
 142 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 12/18/2023 
 12 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 115 
 AUD 
 150 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 1/17/2024 
 13 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 110 
 AUD 
 143 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 2/16/2024 
 12 
 
 Foreign currency
 forward contract 
 11,827 
 AUD 
 15,410 
 Bannockburn
 Global Forex, LLC 
 3/18/2024 
 1,329 

1,296 

F- 17 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2022 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

(^) All of the Company's investments are issued by eligible portfolio companies, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (the 1940 Act ), unless otherwise noted. All of the Company's investments are issued by U.S. portfolio companies unless otherwise noted. 
 
 (^^) The majority of the investments bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or L ), Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or SF ), Canadian dollar Offered rate CDOR or C or Prime Rate Prime or P which reset daily, monthly, quarterly, or semiannually. For each such investment, the Company has provided the spread over LIBOR, SOFR, CDOR, or Prime, as applicable, and the current contractual interest rate in effect at December 31, 2022. Certain investments may be subject to an interest rate floor, or rate cap. Certain investments contain a payment-in-kind PIK provision. 
 
 (^^^) Except as otherwise noted, all of the Company s portfolio company investments, which as of December 31, 2022 represented 194.6 of the Company s net assets or 95.1 of the Company s total assets, are subject to legal restrictions on sales. 
 
 (^^^^) Except as otherwise noted, because there is no readily available market value for these investments, the fair value of each of these investments is determined in good faith using significant unobservable inputs by the Valuation Designee. (See Note 4 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.) 
 
 (^^^^^) Percentages are based on net assets of 754,916 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (~) All or a portion of this security was held in MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC (the SPV as collateral for the Company's secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with KeyBank National Association. (See Note 7 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements). 
 
 (~~) All or a portion of this security was held in Monroe Capital Income Plus ABS Funding, LLC (the 2022 Issuer as collateral for the Company's 425,000 asset-backed securitization (the 2022 ABS ). (See Note 7 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements). 
 
 (~~~) All or a portion of this security was held in MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC
 (the SPV II as collateral for the Company's secured term loan credit facility (the Term Loan with KeyBank National Association. (See Note 7 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements). 

F- 18 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio Company (a) 
 Spread
 Above Index (b) 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (c) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value (d) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (e) 
 
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate Company
 Investments 

Senior Secured Loans 

Aerospace 
 Defense 

API Holdings III Corp.
 (f) 
 L+4.25 
 4.35 
 5/2/2019 
 5/8/2026 
 1,658 
 1,652 
 1,583 
 0.4 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 7/25/2019 
 7/25/2025 
 1,955 
 1,928 
 1,955 
 0.5 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 12/24/2019 
 7/25/2025 
 1,020 
 1,006 
 1,020 
 0.3 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 2/17/2021 
 7/25/2025 
 1,765 
 1,750 
 1,765 
 0.5 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 6/15/2021 
 7/25/2025 
 1,034 
 1,015 
 1,034 
 0.3 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 8/10/2021 
 7/25/2025 
 1,010 
 991 
 1,010 
 0.3 
 
 SI
 Holdings, Inc. (Integrated Polymer Solutions) (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 7/25/2019 
 7/25/2024 
 316 
 40 
 40 
 0.0 

8,758 
 8,382 
 8,407 
 2.3 
 
 Automotive 

Born To Run, LLC (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 4/1/2021 
 4/1/2027 
 8,955 
 8,792 
 9,114 
 2.5 
 
 Born To Run, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g)
 (h) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 4/1/2021 
 4/1/2027 
 1,463 
 86 
 88 
 0.0 
 
 Lifted Trucks Holdings, LLC (f) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 8/2/2021 
 8/2/2027 
 10,000 
 9,809 
 9,970 
 2.7 
 
 Lifted
 Trucks Holdings, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 8/2/2021 
 8/2/2027 
 2,000 

0.0 
 
 Lifted Trucks Holdings, LLC (Revolver)
 (g) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 8/2/2021 
 8/2/2027 
 2,381 
 635 
 633 
 0.2 
 
 Truck-Lite Co., LLC (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 3/11/2020 
 12/14/2026 
 3,417 
 3,391 
 3,436 
 0.9 
 
 Truck-Lite Co., LLC (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 11/23/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 634 
 634 
 638 
 0.2 
 
 Truck-Lite Co., LLC (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 3/11/2020 
 12/14/2026 
 506 
 506 
 509 
 0.1 
 
 Truck-Lite Co., LLC (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 11/23/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 563 
 563 
 566 
 0.2 
 
 Truck-Lite Co.,
 LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 11/23/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 718 

0.0 

30,637 
 24,416 
 24,954 
 6.8 

Banking 

MV
 Receivables II, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g)
 (h) (i) 
 L+9.75 
 11.25 
 7/29/2021 
 7/29/2026 
 10,000 
 1,214 
 1,611 
 0.4 
 
 StarCompliance
 MidCo, LLC (f) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 1/12/2021 
 1/11/2027 
 3,000 
 2,948 
 3,000 
 0.8 
 
 StarCompliance
 MidCo, LLC (f) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 10/12/2021 
 1/11/2027 
 503 
 494 
 503 
 0.1 
 
 StarCompliance
 MidCo, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 1/12/2021 
 1/11/2027 
 484 

0.0 

13,987 
 4,656 
 5,114 
 1.3 

Beverage, Food
 Tobacco 

Huff Hispanic Food Holdings,
 LLC (f) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 10/18/2019 
 10/18/2024 
 5,422 
 5,357 
 5,359 
 1.4 
 
 Huff Hispanic Food Holdings, LLC 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 10/18/2019 
 10/18/2024 
 307 
 307 
 303 
 0.1 
 
 Huff
Hispanic Food Holdings, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 10/18/2019 
 10/18/2024 
 1,286 
 574 
 574 
 0.2 
 
 LVF Holdings, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2027 
 3,491 
 3,426 
 3,491 
 0.9 
 
 LVF Holdings, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2027 
 3,341 
 3,341 
 3,341 
 0.9 
 
 LVF Holdings, Inc. (Delayed Draw) (g)
 (h) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2027 
 802 

0.0 
 
 LVF Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2027 
 554 
 277 
 277 
 0.1 
 
 LX/JT Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.50 
 3/11/2020 
 3/11/2025 
 5,625 
 5,548 
 5,543 
 1.5 
 
 LX/JT Intermediate
Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.00 
 7.50 
 3/11/2020 
 3/11/2025 
 500 

0.0 

21,328 
 18,830 
 18,888 
 5.1 
 
 Capital Equipment 

MCP Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC (f) 
 SF+6.50 
 7.50 
 2/28/2020 
 11/28/2025 
 7,786 
 7,676 
 7,759 
 2.1 
 
 MCP Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC (f) 
 SF+6.50 
 7.50 
 12/29/2021 
 11/28/2025 
 2,402 
 2,354 
 2,393 
 0.6 
 
 MCP
Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 SF+6.50 
 7.50 
 12/29/2021 
 11/28/2025 
 786 

0.0 
 
 MCP Shaw Acquisitionco,
LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 SF+6.50 
 7.50 
 2/28/2020 
 11/28/2025 
 1,427 

0.0 

12,401 
 10,030 
 10,152 
 2.7 

Construction
 Building 

Premier Roofing L.L.C. (f) 

L+6.50 

7.50 

8/31/2020 

8/29/2025 

3,465 

3,412 

3,408 

0.9 

Premier Roofing L.L.C. (Revolver)
 (g) 

L+6.50 

7.50 

8/31/2020 

8/29/2025 

1,199 

959 

943 

0.3 

TCFIII Owl Buyer LLC (f) 

L+6.00 

7.00 

4/19/2021 

4/17/2026 

4,478 

4,408 

4,478 

1.2 

TCFIII Owl Buyer LLC 

L+6.00 

7.00 

4/19/2021 

4/17/2026 

5,467 

5,467 

5,467 

1.5 

TCFIII Owl Buyer LLC (f) 

L+6.00 

7.00 

12/17/2021 

4/17/2026 

4,906 

4,821 

4,906 

1.3 

19,515 

19,067 

19,202 

5.2 

Consumer Goods: Durable 

Independence Buyer, Inc.
 (f) 

L+5.75 

6.75 

8/3/2021 

8/3/2026 

12,500 

12,265 

12,500 

3.4 

Independence Buyer, Inc.
 (Revolver) (g) 

L+5.75 

6.75 

8/3/2021 

8/3/2026 

2,964 

0.0 

Recycled Plastics Industries,
 LLC (f) 

L+6.75 

7.75 

8/4/2021 

8/4/2026 

5,486 

5,383 

5,486 

1.5 

Recycled Plastics Industries,
LLC (Revolver) (g) 

L+6.75 

7.75 

8/4/2021 

8/4/2026 

743 

223 

223 

0.1 

21,693 

17,871 

18,209 

5.0 

Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

Arizona Natural Resources,
 LLC (f) 

L+5.75 

6.75 

5/18/2021 

5/18/2026 

13,965 

13,712 

13,937 

3.8 

Arizona Natural Resources,
 LLC (f) 

L+5.75 

6.75 

12/15/2021 

5/18/2026 

2,563 

2,513 

2,558 

0.7 

Arizona Natural Resources,
LLC (Revolver) (g) 

L+5.75 

6.75 

5/18/2021 

5/18/2026 

1,111 

222 

222 

0.1 

The Kyjen Company, LLC (f) 

L+6.50 

7.50 

5/14/2021 

4/3/2026 

2,978 

2,950 

2,991 

0.8 

The Kyjen Company, LLC (Revolver)
 (g) 

L+6.50 

7.50 

5/14/2021 

4/3/2026 

315 

129 

129 

0.0 

Thrasio, LLC (f) 

L+7.00 

8.00 

12/18/2020 

12/18/2026 

4,940 

4,877 

4,940 

1.3 

25,872 

24,403 

24,777 

6.7 

Containers, Packaging
 Glass 

Polychem Acquisition, LLC
 (f) 

L+5.00 

5.50 

4/8/2019 

3/17/2025 

1,945 

1,940 

1,945 

0.5 

Port Townsend
Holdings Company, Inc. and Crown Corrugated Company (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 

L+7.75 

5.75 
Cash/ 
3.00 PIK 

10/16/2020 

2/28/2022 

165 

84 

84 

0.0 

2,110 

2,024 

2,029 

0.5 

F- 19 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (a) 
 Spread 
 Above Index (b) 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (c) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value (d) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (e) 
 
 Energy:
 Oil Gas 

Liquid
 Tech Solutions Holdings, LLC (f) 
 L+4.75 
 5.50 
 3/18/2021 
 3/17/2028 
 2,271 
 2,261 
 2,271 
 0.6 
 
 Par
 Petroleum, LLC (f) 
 L+6.75 
 6.88 
 1/27/2020 
 1/12/2026 
 908 
 913 
 906 
 0.3 

3,179 
 3,174 
 3,177 
 0.9 
 
 Environmental
 Industries 

Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 10/19/2020 
 10/20/2025 
 990 
 924 
 989 
 0.3 
 
 Quest Resource
 Management Group, LLC 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 10/19/2020 
 10/20/2025 
 1,087 
 1,087 
 1,086 
 0.3 
 
 Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 12/7/2021 
 10/20/2025 
 3,856 
 3,779 
 3,853 
 1.1 
 
 Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 12/7/2021 
 10/20/2025 
 1,778 

0.0 
 
 Volt
 Bidco, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 8/11/2021 
 8/11/2027 
 6,000 
 5,885 
 6,000 
 1.6 
 
 Volt
 Bidco, Inc. (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 8/11/2021 
 8/11/2027 
 688 
 116 
 116 
 0.0 
 
 Volt
 Bidco, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 8/11/2021 
 8/11/2027 
 574 

0.0 

14,973 
 11,791 
 12,044 
 3.3 

FIRE:
 Finance 

Exiger LLC (f) 

L+7.25 

8.25 

9/30/2021 

9/30/2027 

14,000 

13,727 

13,951 

3.8 

Exiger LLC (Delayed Draw)
 (g) (h) 

L+7.25 

8.25 

9/30/2021 

9/30/2027 

4,200 

0.0 

Exiger LLC (Revolver) (g) 

L+7.25 

8.25 

9/30/2021 

9/30/2027 

1,400 

0.0 

J2 BWA Funding LLC (Delayed
 Draw) (g) (h) (i) 

n/a 

9.00 

12/24/2020 

12/24/2026 

2,809 

701 

701 

0.2 

Oceana Australian Fixed Income
 Trust (f) (i) (j) (k) 

n/a 

11.50 

2/25/2021 

2/25/2026 

7,805 

8,460 

7,805 

2.1 

Oceana Australian Fixed Income
 Trust (f) (i) (j) (k) 

n/a 

10.75 

6/29/2021 

6/29/2026 

3,288 

3,400 

3,288 

0.9 

W3 Monroe RE Debt LLC (i) 

n/a 

10.00 PIK 

2/5/2021 

2/4/2028 

1,760 

1,760 

1,760 

0.5 

35,262 

28,048 

27,505 

7.5 

FIRE: Real Estate 

300 N. Michigan Mezz, LLC
 (Delayed Draw) (f) (g) (h) (i) 

L+14.50 

16.00 PIK 

7/15/2020 

7/15/2024 

1,000 

888 

888 

0.3 

Avison Young (USA) Inc. (f)
 (i) (j) 

L+5.75 

5.97 

4/26/2019 

1/30/2026 

1,945 

1,932 

1,935 

0.5 

Florida East Coast Industries,
 LLC (f) (i) 

n/a 

10.50 

8/9/2021 

6/28/2024 

7,857 

7,649 

7,857 

2.1 

InsideRE, LLC (f) 

L+5.75 

6.75 

12/22/2021 

12/22/2027 

7,503 

7,353 

7,497 

2.0 

InsideRE, LLC (Delayed Draw)
 (g) (h) 

L+5.75 

6.75 

12/22/2021 

12/22/2027 

2,886 

0.0 

InsideRE, LLC (Revolver)
 (g) 

L+5.75 

6.75 

12/22/2021 

12/22/2027 

965 

0.0 

NCBP Property, LLC (i) 

L+9.50 

10.50 

12/18/2020 

12/16/2022 

2,500 

2,487 

2,506 

0.7 

24,656 

20,309 

20,683 

5.6 

Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 

Apotheco,
 LLC (f) 
 L+8.50 
 6.50 
 Cash/ 
 3.00 PIK 
 4/8/2019 
 4/8/2024 
 1,816 
 1,798 
 1,731 
 0.5 
 
 Apotheco,
 LLC (Revolver) 
 L+8.50 
 6.50 
 Cash/ 
 3.00 PIK 
 4/8/2019 
 4/8/2024 
 478 
 478 
 455 
 0.1 
 
 Appriss
 Health, LLC (f) 
 L+7.25 
 8.25 
 5/6/2021 
 5/6/2027 
 6,500 
 6,378 
 6,516 
 1.8 
 
 Appriss
 Health, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+7.25 
 8.25 
 5/6/2021 
 5/6/2027 
 433 

0.0 
 
 Ascent
 Midco, LLC (f) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 2/5/2020 
 2/5/2025 
 2,283 
 2,253 
 2,283 
 0.6 
 
 Ascent
 Midco, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 2/5/2020 
 2/5/2025 
 403 

0.0 
 
 Brickell
 Bay Acquisition Corp. (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 2/12/2021 
 2/12/2026 
 2,848 
 2,797 
 2,834 
 0.8 
 
 Brickell
 Bay Acquisition Corp. (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 2/12/2021 
 2/12/2026 
 573 

0.0 
 
 Caravel
 Autism Health, LLC (f) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2027 
 8,000 
 7,849 
 7,518 
 2.0 
 
 Caravel
 Autism Health, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2027 
 5,999 
 299 
 281 
 0.1 
 
 Caravel
 Autism Health, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2027 
 2,000 
 1,000 
 940 
 0.3 
 
 Dorado
 Acquisition, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2026 
 13,965 
 13,705 
 13,951 
 3.8 
 
 Dorado
 Acquisition, Inc. (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2026 
 606 

0.0 
 
 Dorado
 Acquisition, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 6/30/2021 
 6/30/2026 
 1,670 

0.0 
 
 INH
 Buyer, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 6/30/2021 
 6/28/2028 
 4,898 
 4,852 
 4,761 
 1.3 
 
 NationsBenefits,
 LLC (f) 
 L+7.00 
 8.00 
 8/20/2021 
 8/20/2026 
 12,250 
 12,018 
 12,229 
 3.3 
 
 NationsBenefits,
 LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+7.00 
 8.00 
 8/20/2021 
 8/20/2026 
 1,361 

0.0 
 
 QF
 Holdings, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 9/19/2019 
 9/19/2024 
 4,550 
 4,497 
 4,543 
 1.2 
 
 QF
 Holdings, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 12/15/2021 
 12/15/2027 
 4,368 
 4,303 
 4,368 
 1.2 
 
 QF
 Holdings, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 9/19/2019 
 9/19/2024 
 910 
 910 
 909 
 0.2 
 
 QF
 Holdings, Inc. (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 8/21/2020 
 9/19/2024 
 910 

0.0 
 
 QF
 Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 9/19/2019 
 9/19/2024 
 1,092 

0.0 
 
 Seran
 BioScience, LLC (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 12/31/2020 
 12/31/2025 
 1,985 
 1,952 
 1,990 
 0.5 
 
 Seran
 BioScience, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 12/31/2020 
 12/31/2025 
 356 

0.0 
 
 SIP
 Care Services, LLC (f) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 12/30/2021 
 12/30/2026 
 3,800 
 3,724 
 3,724 
 1.0 
 
 SIP
 Care Services, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 12/30/2021 
 12/30/2026 
 3,040 

0.0 
 
 SIP
 Care Services, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 12/30/2021 
 12/30/2026 
 760 

0.0 
 
 WebPT,
 Inc. (f) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 8/28/2019 
 1/18/2028 
 5,000 
 4,941 
 5,000 
 1.4 
 
 WebPT,
 Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 8/28/2019 
 1/18/2028 
 521 
 156 
 156 
 0.0 

93,375 
 73,910 
 74,189 
 20.1 

F- 20 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (a) 
 
 Spread 
Above 
 Index (b) 

Interest 
 Rate 

Acquisition 
 Date (c) 

Maturity 

Principal 

Amortized 
Cost 

Fair 
Value (d) 

of 
Net 
Assets (e) 

High Tech Industries 

Acquia Inc. (f) 

L+7.00 

8.00 

11/1/2019 

10/31/2025 

15,429 

15,166 

15,545 

4.2 

Acquia Inc. (Revolver) (g) 

L+7.00 

8.00 

11/1/2019 

10/31/2025 

588 

0.0 

Arcstor Midco, LLC (f) 

L+7.00 

8.00 

3/16/2021 

3/16/2027 

11,910 

11,695 

11,822 

3.2 

MarkLogic Corporation (f) 

L+6.00 

7.00 

10/20/2020 

10/20/2025 

5,198 

5,095 

5,276 

1.4 

MarkLogic Corporation (f) 

L+6.00 

7.00 

11/23/2021 

10/20/2025 

485 

475 

494 

0.1 

MarkLogic Corporation (Delayed
 Draw) (g) (h) 

L+6.00 

7.00 

11/23/2021 

10/20/2025 

323 

0.0 

MarkLogic Corporation (Revolver)
 (g) 

L+6.00 

7.00 

10/20/2020 

10/20/2025 

404 

0.0 

Mindbody, Inc. (f) 

L+8.50 

8.00 
 Cash/ 
 1.50 PIK 

2/15/2019 

2/14/2025 

1,853 

1,832 

1,840 

0.5 

Mindbody, Inc. 

L+8.50 

8.00 
 Cash/ 
 1.50 PIK 

9/22/2021 

2/14/2025 

7,331 

7,331 

7,276 

2.0 

Mindbody, Inc. (Revolver)
 (g) 

L+8.00 

9.00 

2/15/2019 

2/14/2025 

190 

0.0 

Mockingbird Acquisitionco
 Inc. (f) 

L+6.00 

7.00 

10/1/2020 

10/1/2025 

3,840 

3,778 

3,878 

1.0 

Mockingbird Acquisitionco
 Inc. (Revolver) (g) 

L+6.00 

7.00 

10/1/2020 

10/1/2025 

600 

0.0 

Optomi, LLC (f) 

L+5.75 

6.75 

12/16/2021 

12/16/2027 

13,500 

13,231 

13,230 

3.6 

Optomi, LLC (Revolver) (g) 

L+5.75 

6.75 

12/16/2021 

12/16/2027 

3,189 

2,126 

2,083 

0.6 

Recorded Future, Inc. (f) 

L+6.00 

7.00 

7/3/2019 

7/3/2025 

3,648 

3,602 

3,679 

1.0 

Recorded Future, Inc. (f) 

L+6.00 

7.00 

3/26/2021 

7/3/2025 

5,864 

5,800 

5,913 

1.6 

Recorded Future, Inc. (Revolver)
 (g) 

L+6.00 

7.00 

7/3/2019 

7/3/2025 

440 

0.0 

Securly, Inc. (f) 

L+7.00 

8.00 

4/22/2021 

4/22/2027 

8,400 

8,246 

8,400 

2.3 

Securly, Inc. (Delayed Draw)
 (g) (h) 

L+7.00 

8.00 

4/22/2021 

4/22/2027 

1,938 

0.0 

Securly, Inc. (Revolver)
 (g) 

L+7.00 

8.00 

4/22/2021 

4/22/2027 

969 

0.0 

Transact Holdings Inc. (f) 

L+4.75 

4.85 

4/18/2019 

4/30/2026 

733 

725 

730 

0.2 

86,832 

79,102 

80,166 

21.7 

Hotels, Gaming 
 Leisure 

Equine Network, LLC (f) 

L+8.00 

9.00 

12/31/2020 

12/31/2025 

1,489 

1,461 

1,485 

0.4 

Equine Network, LLC (f) 

L+8.00 

9.00 

1/29/2021 

12/31/2025 

675 

664 

673 

0.2 

Equine Network, LLC (Delayed
 Draw) (g) (h) 

L+8.00 

9.00 

12/31/2020 

12/31/2025 

366 

0.0 

Equine Network, LLC (Revolver)
 (g) 

L+8.00 

9.00 

12/31/2020 

12/31/2025 

146 

73 

73 

0.0 

2,676 

2,198 

2,231 

0.6 

F- 21 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (a) 
 Spread 
Above Index (b) 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (c) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
Cost 
 Fair 
Value (d) 
 
of Net 
Assets (e) 
 
 Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 

95
 Percent Buyer, LLC (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 11/24/2021 
 11/24/2026 
 18,000 
 17,645 
 18,000 
 4.9 
 
 95
 Percent Buyer, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 11/24/2021 
 11/24/2026 
 963 

0.0 
 
 Madison
 Logic, Inc. (f) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 11/22/2021 
 11/20/2026 
 20,000 
 19,703 
 20,031 
 5.4 
 
 Madison
 Logic, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 11/22/2021 
 11/20/2026 
 912 

0.0 
 
 New
 Engen, Inc. (f) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 12/3/2021 
 12/3/2026 
 9,500 
 9,335 
 9,334 
 2.5 
 
 New
 Engen, Inc. (f) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 12/27/2021 
 12/3/2026 
 8,022 
 8,022 
 7,882 
 2.1 
 
 New
 Engen, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 12/3/2021 
 12/3/2026 
 1,056 

0.0 
 
 North
 Haven USHC Acquisition, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 10/30/2020 
 10/30/2025 
 2,475 
 2,435 
 2,475 
 0.7 
 
 North
 Haven USHC Acquisition, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 10/30/2020 
 10/30/2025 
 717 
 717 
 717 
 0.2 
 
 North
Haven USHC Acquisition, Inc. (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 9/3/2021 
 10/30/2025 
 1,441 
 482 
 487 
 0.1 
 
 North
 Haven USHC Acquisition, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 3/12/2021 
 10/30/2025 
 240 

0.0 
 
 NTM
 Acquisition Corp (f) 
 L+7.25 
 7.25 
Cash/ 
1.00 PIK 
 4/18/2019 
 6/7/2024 
 4,645 
 4,641 
 4,599 
 1.2 
 
 Relevate
 Health Group, LLC (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 11/20/2020 
 11/20/2025 
 1,985 
 1,953 
 2,005 
 0.6 
 
 Relevate
 Health Group, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 11/20/2020 
 11/20/2025 
 1,046 
 888 
 897 
 0.2 
 
 Relevate
 Health Group, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 11/20/2020 
 11/20/2025 
 421 

0.0 
 
 Spherix
 Global Inc. (f) 
 SF+6.00 
 7.00 
 12/22/2021 
 12/22/2026 
 4,500 
 4,422 
 4,421 
 1.2 
 
 Spherix
 Global Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 SF+6.00 
 7.00 
 12/22/2021 
 12/22/2026 
 500 

0.0 
 
 XanEdu
 Publishing, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 1/28/2020 
 1/28/2025 
 6,093 
 5,993 
 6,114 
 1.7 
 
 XanEdu
 Publishing, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 1/28/2020 
 1/28/2025 
 977 

0.0 

83,493 
 76,236 
 76,962 
 20.8 
 
 Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 

Vice Group
 Holding Inc. 
 L+12.00 
 5.50 
Cash/ 
 8.00 PIK 
 5/2/2019 
 11/2/2022 
 1,145 
 1,142 
 1,145 
 0.3 
 
 Vice Group
 Holding Inc. 
 L+12.00 
 5.50 
Cash/ 
8.00 PIK 
 5/2/2019 
 11/2/2022 
 359 
 359 
 359 
 0.1 
 
 Vice Group
 Holding Inc. 
 L+12.00 
 5.50 
Cash/ 
8.00 PIK 
 5/2/2019 
 11/2/2022 
 135 
 135 
 135 
 0.0 
 
 Vice
 Group Holding Inc. 
 L+12.00 
 5.50 
Cash/ 
8.00 PIK 
 11/4/2019 
 11/2/2022 
 220 
 220 
 220 
 0.1 

1,859 
 1,856 
 1,859 
 0.5 
 
 Media:
 Diversified Production 

Chess.com,
 LLC (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2027 
 13,000 
 12,740 
 12,740 
 3.5 
 
 Chess.com,
 LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2027 
 1,413 

0.0 
 
 Crownpeak
 Technology, Inc. (f) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 2/28/2019 
 2/28/2024 
 1,000 
 991 
 1,000 
 0.3 
 
 Crownpeak
 Technology, Inc. (f) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 2/28/2019 
 2/28/2024 
 15 
 15 
 15 
 0.0 
 
 Crownpeak
 Technology, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 2/28/2019 
 2/28/2024 
 42 

0.0 
 
 CyberGrants
 Holdings, LLC (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.25 
 9/8/2021 
 9/8/2027 
 18,500 
 18,235 
 18,500 
 5.0 
 
 CyberGrants
 Holdings, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.50 
 7.25 
 9/8/2021 
 9/8/2027 
 1,814 

0.0 
 
 CyberGrants
 Holdings, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.50 
 7.25 
 9/8/2021 
 9/8/2027 
 1,814 

0.0 
 
 Streamland
 Media MidCo LLC (f) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 8/26/2019 
 8/31/2023 
 1,994 
 1,974 
 1,984 
 0.5 

39,592 
 33,955 
 34,239 
 9.3 

F- 22 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (a) 
 Spread 
Above Index (b) 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (c) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
Cost 
 Fair 
Value (d) 
 
of Net 
Assets (e) 
 
 Services:
 Business 

Aperture
 Companies, LLC (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2026 
 15,000 
 14,700 
 14,700 
 4.0 
 
 Aperture
 Companies, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2026 
 4,320 

0.0 
 
 Aperture
 Companies, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2026 
 1,347 

0.0 
 
 Aras
 Corporation (f) 
 L+7.00 
 4.25 
Cash/ 
 3.75 PIK 
 4/13/2021 
 4/13/2027 
 4,504 
 4,429 
 4,556 
 1.2 
 
 Aras
 Corporation (Revolver) (g) 
 L+7.00 
 4.25 
Cash/ 
 3.75 PIK 
 4/13/2021 
 4/13/2027 
 325 

0.0 
 
 Argano,
 LLC (f) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2026 
 9,077 
 8,912 
 9,043 
 2.4 
 
 Argano,
 LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2026 
 4,009 
 2,365 
 2,356 
 0.6 
 
 Argano,
 LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 6/10/2021 
 6/10/2026 
 965 

0.0 
 
 Certify,
 Inc. (f) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 2/28/2019 
 2/28/2024 
 1,000 
 992 
 1,000 
 0.3 
 
 Certify,
 Inc. (f) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 2/28/2019 
 2/28/2024 
 136 
 136 
 136 
 0.0 
 
 Certify,
 Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+5.50 
 6.50 
 2/28/2019 
 2/28/2024 
 46 
 11 
 11 
 0.0 
 
 ecMarket
 Inc. and Conexiom US Inc. (f) (i) (j) 
 L+7.00 
 8.00 
 9/21/2021 
 9/21/2027 
 15,500 
 15,202 
 15,442 
 4.2 
 
 ecMarket
Inc. and Conexiom US Inc. (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) (i) (j) 
 L+7.00 
 8.00 
 9/21/2021 
 9/21/2027 
 1,291 

0.0 
 
 ecMarket
Inc. and Conexiom US Inc. (Revolver) (g) (i) (j) 
 L+7.00 
 8.00 
 9/21/2021 
 9/21/2027 
 2,067 

0.0 
 
 HS4
 Acquisitionco, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 7/9/2019 
 7/9/2025 
 3,980 
 3,928 
 3,944 
 1.1 
 
 HS4
 Acquisitionco, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 10/6/2021 
 7/9/2025 
 4,323 
 4,323 
 4,285 
 1.2 
 
 HS4
 Acquisitionco, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 7/9/2019 
 7/9/2025 
 325 

0.0 
 
 Kaseya
 Inc. (f) 
 L+6.50 
 6.50 
Cash/ 
 1.00 PIK 
 5/3/2019 
 5/2/2025 
 2,930 
 2,896 
 2,945 
 0.8 
 
 Kaseya
 Inc. (f) 
 L+6.50 
 6.50 
Cash/ 
 1.00 PIK 
 5/3/2019 
 5/2/2025 
 311 
 311 
 312 
 0.1 
 
 Kaseya
 Inc. (f) 
 L+6.50 
 6.50 
Cash/ 
1.00 PIK 
 3/4/2020 
 5/2/2025 
 277 
 277 
 278 
 0.1 
 
 Kaseya
 Inc. (f) 
 L+6.50 
 6.50 
Cash/ 
 1.00 PIK 
 9/8/2021 
 5/2/2025 
 8,015 
 7,886 
 8,056 
 2.2 
 
 Kaseya
 Inc. (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.50 
 6.50 
Cash/ 
1.00 PIK 
 9/8/2021 
 5/2/2025 
 3,774 
 1,585 
 1,593 
 0.4 
 
 Kaseya
 Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 5/3/2019 
 5/2/2025 
 211 

0.0 
 
 Relativity
 ODA LLC (f) 
 L+7.50 
 8.50 
 PIK 
 5/12/2021 
 5/12/2027 
 4,741 
 4,634 
 4,734 
 1.3 
 
 Relativity
 ODA LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+7.50 
 8.50 
 PIK 
 5/12/2021 
 5/12/2027 
 450 

0.0 
 
 Sundance
 Group Holdings, Inc. (f) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 7/2/2021 
 7/2/2027 
 4,148 
 4,069 
 4,146 
 1.1 
 
 Sundance
 Group Holdings, Inc. (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 7/2/2021 
 7/2/2027 
 1,244 

0.0 
 
 Sundance
 Group Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.75 
 7.75 
 7/2/2021 
 7/2/2027 
 498 
 149 
 149 
 0.0 

94,814 
 76,805 
 77,686 
 21.0 

F- 23 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (a) 
 Spread 
Above Index (b) 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (c) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
Cost 
 Fair 
Value (d) 
 
of Net 
Assets (e) 
 
 Services:
 Consumer 

Express
 Wash Acquisition Company, LLC (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 12/28/2020 
 12/26/2025 
 3,587 
 3,534 
 3,587 
 1.0 
 
 Express
 Wash Acquisition Company, LLC (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 9/3/2021 
 12/26/2025 
 8,148 
 8,015 
 8,148 
 2.2 
 
 Express
 Wash Acquisition Company, LLC 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 9/3/2021 
 12/26/2025 
 3,920 
 3,920 
 3,920 
 1.0 
 
 Express
 Wash Acquisition Company, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 9/3/2021 
 12/26/2025 
 2,800 
 1,036 
 1,036 
 0.3 
 
 Express
 Wash Acquisition Company, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 12/22/2021 
 12/26/2025 
 5,000 
 2,813 
 2,813 
 0.8 
 
 Express
Wash Acquisition Company, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 12/28/2020 
 12/26/2025 
 840 
 448 
 448 
 0.1 
 
 IDIG
 Parent, LLC (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 12/15/2020 
 12/15/2026 
 4,327 
 4,253 
 4,338 
 1.2 
 
 IDIG
 Parent, LLC (f) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 12/15/2020 
 12/15/2026 
 720 
 720 
 721 
 0.2 
 
 IDIG
 Parent, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.00 
 7.00 
 12/15/2020 
 12/15/2026 
 336 

0.0 
 
 Light
 Wave Dental Management, LLC (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 8/1/2019 
 1/2/2024 
 4,237 
 4,217 
 4,222 
 1.1 
 
 Light
 Wave Dental Management, LLC (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 5/3/2021 
 1/2/2024 
 2,546 
 2,546 
 2,537 
 0.7 
 
 Light
 Wave Dental Management, LLC (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 8/3/2021 
 1/2/2024 
 2,116 
 2,080 
 2,109 
 0.5 
 
 Light
Wave Dental Management, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 8/3/2021 
 1/2/2024 
 4,585 
 2,881 
 2,871 
 0.8 
 
 Light
 Wave Dental Management, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 5/3/2021 
 1/2/2024 
 320 

0.0 

43,482 
 36,463 
 36,750 
 9.9 
 
 Telecommunications 

American
 Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. 
 L+11.00 
 12.00 
 12/2/2021 
 12/2/2022 
 5,400 
 5,274 
 5,265 
 1.4 
 
 Calabrio,
 Inc. (f) 
 L+7.00 
 8.00 
 4/16/2021 
 4/16/2027 
 8,000 
 7,817 
 8,000 
 2.2 
 
 Calabrio,
 Inc. (Revolver) (g) 
 L+7.00 
 8.00 
 4/16/2021 
 4/16/2027 
 963 

0.0 
 
 DataOnline
 Corp. (f) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 11/13/2019 
 11/13/2025 
 6,370 
 6,274 
 6,257 
 1.7 
 
 DataOnline
 Corp. (Revolver) 
 L+6.25 
 7.25 
 11/13/2019 
 11/13/2025 
 844 
 844 
 844 
 0.2 
 
 Sandvine
 Corporation (f) 
 L+4.50 
 4.60 
 3/8/2021 
 10/31/2025 
 1,159 
 1,159 
 1,159 
 0.3 
 
 VHT
 Acquisitions, LLC (f) 
 L+7.00 
 8.00 
 PIK 
 12/21/2021 
 12/21/2026 
 18,000 
 17,642 
 17,640 
 4.8 
 
 VHT
 Acquisitions, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+7.00 
 8.00 
 PIK 
 12/21/2021 
 12/21/2026 
 1,440 

0.0 
 
 VHT
 Acquisitions, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+7.00 
 8.00 
 PIK 
 12/21/2021 
 12/21/2026 
 514 

0.0 

42,690 
 39,010 
 39,165 
 10.6 
 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 

Complete
 Innovations Inc. (f) (i) (j) (l) 
 C+6.75 
 7.75 
 12/16/2020 
 12/16/2025 
 8,704 
 8,490 
 8,878 
 2.4 
 
 Complete
 Innovations Inc. (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) (i) (j) (l) 
 C+6.75 
 7.75 
 12/16/2020 
 12/16/2025 
 1,274 
 801 
 812 
 0.2 
 
 RS
 Acquisition, LLC (Delayed Draw) (f) (g) (h) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 12/13/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 11,000 
 4,839 
 4,956 
 1.4 
 
 RS
 Acquisition, LLC (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 12/13/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 10,115 

0.0 
 
 RS
 Acquisition, LLC (Revolver) (g) 
 L+5.75 
 6.75 
 12/13/2021 
 12/14/2026 
 1,264 

0.0 

32,357 
 14,130 
 14,646 
 4.0 
 
 Wholesale 

S S
 Holdings LLC (f) 
 L+5.00 
 5.50 
 3/10/2021 
 3/10/2028 
 2,977 
 2,895 
 2,982 
 0.8 

2,977 
 2,895 
 2,982 
 0.8 
 
 Total
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate Senior Secured Loans 

758,518 
 629,561 
 636,016 
 172.2 

F- 24 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (a) 
 Spread 
 Above Index (b) 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Acquisition 
 Date (c) 
 Maturity 
 Principal 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value (d) 
 
 of Net 
 Assets (e) 
 
 Unitranche
 Secured Loans (m) 

Aerospace
 Defense 

Cassavant
 Holdings, LLC (f) 
 L+6.50 
 7.50 
 9/8/2021 
 9/8/2026 
 13,965 
 13,699 
 13,951 
 3.8 

13,965 
 13,699 
 13,951 
 3.8 
 
 Services:
 Business 

Onit,
 Inc. (f) 
 L+7.25 
 8.25 
 12/20/2021 
 5/2/2025 
 15,000 
 14,721 
 14,719 
 4.0 

15,000 
 14,721 
 14,719 
 4.0 
 
 Telecommunications 

VB
 E1, LLC (Delayed Draw) (f) (g) (h) 
 L+7.65 
 8.15 
 11/18/2020 
 11/18/2026 
 3,000 
 1,466 
 1,491 
 0.4 

3,000 
 1,466 
 1,491 
 0.4 
 
 Total
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate Unitranche Secured Loans 

31,965 
 29,886 
 30,161 
 8.2 

Junior
 Secured Loans 

Banking 

MoneyLion, Inc. (f)
 (i) 

n/a 

12.00 

8/27/2021 

5/1/2023 

2,500 

2,479 

2,537 

0.7 

2,500 

2,479 

2,537 

0.7 

FIRE: Real Estate 

Florida East Coast Industries,
 LLC (i) 

n/a 

16.00 PIK 

8/9/2021 

6/28/2024 

3,344 

3,260 

3,365 

0.9 

Witkoff/Monroe 700 JV LLC
 (Delayed Draw) (g) (h) (i) 

n/a 

8.00 Cash/ 4.00 PIK 

7/2/2021 

7/2/2026 

7,791 

6,518 

6,828 

1.8 

11,135 

9,778 

10,193 

2.7 

Total
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate Junior Secured Loans 

13,635 
 12,257 
 12,730 
 3.4 

Equity
 Securities (n) (o) 

Automotive 

Born To Run,
 LLC (692,841 Class A units) 
 
 (p) 
 4/1/2021 

693 
 754 
 0.2 
 
 Lifted
 Trucks Holdings, LLC (158,730 Class A units) (q) 
 
 (p) 
 8/2/2021 

159 
 156 
 0.0 

852 
 910 
 0.2 

Banking 

MV Receivables
 II, LLC (911 shares of common units) (i) (q) 

(p) 

7/29/2021 

375 

697 

0.2 

MV Receivables II, LLC (warrant
 to purchase up to 1.0 of the equity) (i) (q) 

(p) 

7/28/2021 

7/28/2031 

453 

1,258 

0.3 

828 

1,955 

0.5 

Beverage,
 Food Tobacco 

Huff
 Hispanic Food Holdings, LLC (171,429 Class A interests) 
 
 (p) 
 10/18/2019 

171 
 144 
 0.0 

171 
 144 
 0.0 
 
 Capital
 Equipment 

MCP
 Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC (95,125 Class A-2 units) (q) 
 
 (p) 
 2/28/2020 

95 
 118 
 0.0 

95 
 118 
 0.0 
 
 Consumer
 Goods: Durable 

Independence
 Buyer, Inc. (169 Class A units) 
 
 (p) 
 8/3/2021 

169 
 211 
 0.1 

169 
 211 
 0.1 
 
 Energy:
 Oil Gas 

QuarterNorth
 Energy Inc. (fka Fieldwood Energy, LLC) (4,376 shares of common stock) (f) 
 
 (p) 
 1/11/2020 

901 
 414 
 0.1 

901 
 414 
 0.1 
 
 Environmental
 Industries 

Quest Resource Management Group, LLC (warrant to purchase
 up to 0.2 of the equity) 
 
 (p) 
 10/19/2020 
 3/19/2028 
 
 67 
 294 
 0.1 
 
 Quest Resource Management Group, LLC (warrant to purchase
 up to 0.2 of the equity) 
 
 (p) 
 10/19/2021 
 3/19/2028 

169 
 0.0 
 
 Volt
 Bidco, Inc. (765 shares of common stock) 
 
 (p) 
 8/11/2021 

765 
 764 
 0.2 

832 
 1,227 
 0.3 

FIRE: Finance 

J2 BWA Funding LLC (0.7 
 profit sharing) (i) (q) 

(p) 

12/24/2020 

0.0 

0.0 

FIRE: Real Estate 

InsideRE, LLC (267,963 Class
 A common units) (q) 

(p) 

9/9/2019 

160 

333 

0.1 

Witkoff/Monroe 700 JV LLC
 (2,992 preferred units) (i) (q) 

n/a 

8.00 Cash/ 4.00 PIK 

7/2/2021 

3 

3 

0.0 

163 

336 

0.1 

F- 25 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

Portfolio
 Company (a) 
 
 Spread 
Above 
 Index (b) 

Interest 
 Rate 

Acquisition 
 Date (c) 

Maturity 

Principal 

Amortized 
Cost 

Fair 
Value (d) 

of 
Net 
Assets (e) 

Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

Ascent Midco,
 LLC (725,806 Class A units) (q) 

n/a 

8.00 
 PIK 

2/5/2020 

726 

912 

0.2 

Dorado Acquisition, Inc.
 (500,894 Class A-1 units) 

(p) 

6/30/2021 

501 

501 

0.1 

Dorado Acquisition, Inc.
 (500,894 Class A-2 units) 

(p) 

6/30/2021 

24 

0.0 

NationsBenefits, LLC (2,722,222
 Series A units) (q) 

n/a 

9.00 
 PIK 

8/20/2021 

2,254 

2,186 

0.6 

NationsBenefits, LLC (326,667
 common units) (q) 

(p) 

8/20/2021 

468 

206 

0.1 

Seran BioScience, LLC (26,666
 common units) (q) 

(p) 

12/31/2020 

267 

571 

0.2 

4,216 

4,400 

1.2 

High Tech Industries 

MarkLogic Corporation (435,358
 Class A units) 

(p) 

10/20/2020 

435 

634 

0.2 

Optomi, LLC (278 Class A
 units) (q) 

(p) 

12/16/2021 

278 

278 

0.1 

Optomi, LLC (41 Class A-1
 units) (q) 

n/a 

8.00 
 PIK 

12/16/2021 

41 

41 

0.0 

Recorded Future, Inc. (40,243
 Class A units) (r) 

(p) 

7/3/2019 

40 

101 

0.0 

794 

1,054 

0.3 

Hotels, Gaming 
 Leisure 

Equine Network, LLC (85 Class
 A units) (q) 

(p) 

12/31/2020 

85 

87 

0.0 

85 

87 

0.0 

Media: Advertising,
 Printing Publishing 

95 Percent Buyer, LLC (385,027
 Class A units) (q) 

n/a 

8.00 
 PIK 

11/24/2021 

385 

390 

0.1 

New Engen, Inc. (417 preferred
 units) 

n/a 

8.00 
 PIK 

12/27/2021 

417 

417 

0.1 

New Engen, Inc. (5,067 Class
 B common units) 

(p) 

12/27/2021 

5 

5 

0.0 

Relevate Health Group, LLC
 (53 preferred units) 

n/a 

12.00 
 PIK 

11/20/2020 

53 

53 

0.0 

Relevate Health Group, LLC
 (53 Class B common units) 

(p) 

11/20/2020 

0.0 

Spherix Global Inc. (333
 Class A units) 

(p) 

12/22/2021 

333 

333 

0.1 

XanEdu Publishing, Inc. (65,104
 Class A units) 

n/a 

8.00 
 PIK 

1/28/2020 

65 

140 

0.1 

1,258 

1,338 

0.4 

Media: Diversified 
 Production 

Chess.com, LLC (5 Class A
 units) (q) 

(p) 

12/31/2021 

189 

189 

0.1 

189 

189 

0.1 

Services: Business 

Argano, LLC (52,533 common
 units) (q) 

(p) 

6/10/2021 

239 

239 

0.1 

ecMarket
 Inc. and Conexiom US Inc. (96,603 preferred shares) (i) (j) 

(p) 

9/21/2021 

723 

699 

0.1 

Skillsoft
 Corp. (fka Software Luxembourg Acquisition S.A.R.L) (26,168 Class A shares) (f) (i) (u) 

(p) 

6/11/2021 

508 

239 

0.1 

1,470 

1,177 

0.3 

Services: Consumer 

Express
 Wash Acquisition Company, LLC (135,869 Class A units) (q) 

n/a 

8.00 
 PIK 

12/28/2020 

140 

233 

0.1 

IDIG Parent, LLC (192,908
 shares of common stock) (q) (s) 

(p) 

1/4/2021 

195 

336 

0.1 

335 

569 

0.2 

Telecommunications 

American
 Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. (warrant to purchase up to 4.9 of the equity) 

(p) 

12/2/2021 

0.0 

0.0 

Total Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate
 Equity Securities 

12,358 

14,129 

3.8 

Total
 Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliate Company Investments 

684,062 

693,036 

187.6 

Non-Controlled Affiliate
 Company Investments (t) 

Senior Secured Loans 

FIRE: Real Estate 

Second Avenue SFR Holdings
 II LLC (Revolver) (g) (i) 

L+7.00 

7.50 

8/11/2021 

8/9/2024 

4,875 

2,104 

2,104 

0.6 

4,875 

2,104 

2,104 

0.6 

Total Non-Controlled/Affiliate
 Senior Secured Loans 

4,875 

2,104 

2,104 

0.6 

Junior Secured Loans 

FIRE: Real Estate 

SFR Holdco, LLC (i) 

n/a 

8.00 

8/6/2021 

7/28/2028 

5,850 

5,850 

5,850 

1.6 

5,850 

5,850 

5,850 

1.6 

Total Non-Controlled/Affiliate
 Junior Secured Loans 

5,850 

5,850 

5,850 

1.6 

Equity Securities (o)
 (t) 

FIRE: Real Estate 

SFR Holdco, LLC (24.4 of interests) (i) 

(p) 

8/6/2021 

3,900 

3,900 

1.0 

3,900 

3,900 

1.0 

Total Non-Controlled/Affiliate
 Equity Securities 

3,900 

3,900 

1.0 

Total Non-Controlled/Affiliate
 Company Investments 

11,854 

11,854 

3.2 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS 

695,916 

704,890 

190.8 

F- 26 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

Derivative Instruments 

Foreign currency forward contract s 

Description 
 Notional
 Amount 
 to be Purchased 
 Notional
 Amount to be Sold 
 Counterparty 
 Settlement
 Date 
 Unrealized 
Gain (Loss) 
 
 Foreign currency
 forward contract 
 56 
 CAD 
 72
 
 Bannockburn Global
 Forex, LLC 
 1/18/2022 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 59 
 CAD 
 77
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 2/17/2022 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 52 
 CAD 
 67
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 3/17/2022 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 57 
 CAD 
 74
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 4/19/2022 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 57 
 CAD 
 75
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 5/18/2022 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 56 
 CAD 
 72
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 6/17/2022 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 56 
 CAD 
 72
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 7/19/2022 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 58 
 CAD 
 74
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 8/17/2022 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 58 
 CAD 
 74
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 9/19/2022 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 59 
 CAD 
 77
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 10/19/2022 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 54 
 CAD 
 70
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 11/17/2022 
 (1 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 9,352 
 CAD 
 12,078
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 12/19/2022 
 (206 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 121 
 AUD 
 156
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 1/19/2022 
 8 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 105 
 AUD 
 136
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 2/16/2022 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 102 
 AUD 
 132
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 3/16/2022 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 113 
 AUD 
 146
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 4/19/2022 
 7 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 107 
 AUD 
 138
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 5/17/2022 
 7 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 119 
 AUD 
 153
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 6/17/2022 
 7 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 107 
 AUD 
 138
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 7/18/2022 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 108 
 AUD 
 140
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 8/16/2022 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 118 
 AUD 
 153
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 9/16/2022 
 7 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 117 
 AUD 
 152
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 10/19/2022 
 7 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 105 
 AUD 
 136
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 11/16/2022 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 109 
 AUD 
 142
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 12/16/2022 
 7 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 118 
 AUD 
 153
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 1/18/2023 
 7 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 108 
 AUD 
 140
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 2/16/2023 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 102 
 AUD 
 132
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 3/16/2023 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 123 
 AUD 
 160
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 4/20/2023 
 7 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 93 
 AUD 
 121
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 5/16/2023 
 5 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 121 
 AUD 
 156
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 6/19/2023 
 7 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 106 
 AUD 
 138
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 7/18/2023 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 113 
 AUD 
 146
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 8/16/2023 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 113 
 AUD 
 146
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 9/18/2023 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 114 
 AUD 
 148
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 10/18/2023 
 7 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 107 
 AUD 
 140
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 11/16/2023 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 109 
 AUD 
 142
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 12/18/2023 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 115 
 AUD 
 150
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 1/17/2024 
 6 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 110 
 AUD 
 143
 
 Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC 
 2/16/2024 
 6 
 
 Foreign
 currency forward contract 
 11,827 
 AUD 
 15,410
 
 Bannockburn
 Global Forex, LLC 
 3/18/2024 
 635 

585 

F- 27 

MONROE
CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except for shares and units) 

(a) All of the Company s investments are
 issued by eligible portfolio companies, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (the 1940 Act ), unless otherwise
 noted. All of the Company s investments are issued by U.S. portfolio companies unless otherwise noted. 
 
 (b) The majority of the investments bear interest at a rate
 that may be determined by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or L ), Secured Overnight
 Financing Rate SOFR or SF ), Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA or SN ),
 Canadian dollar Offered rate CDOR or C ), or Prime P ), which reset daily, monthly,
 quarterly, or semiannually. For each such investment, the Company has provided the spread over LIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, CDOR, or Prime,
 as applicable, and the current contractual interest rate in effect at December 31, 2021. Certain investments are subject to an
 interest rate floor, or rate cap. Certain investments contain a payment-in-kind PIK provision. 
 
 (c) Except as otherwise noted, all of the Company s portfolio
 company investments, which as of December 31, 2021 represented 190.8 of the Company s net assets or 97.3 of the Company s
 total assets, are subject to legal restrictions on sales. 
 
 (d) Except as otherwise noted, because there is no readily available
 market value for these investments, the fair value of each of these investments is determined in good faith using significant unobservable
 inputs by the Company s board of directors as required by the 1940 Act. See Note 4 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated
 financial statements. 
 
 (e) Percentages are based on net assets of 369,448 as of December
 31, 2021. 
 
 (f) This security was held in MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC
 (the SPV as collateral for the Company s secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with KeyBank National Association. (See Note 7 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements). 
 
 (g) All or a portion of this commitment was unfunded at December
 31, 2021. As such, interest is earned only on the funded portion of this commitment. 
 
 (h) This delayed draw loan requires that certain financial covenants
 be met by the portfolio company prior to any fundings by the Company. 
 
 (i) This investment is treated as a non-qualifying investment
 under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. Under the 1940 Act, the Company may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time
 the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets. As of December 31, 2021, non-qualifying
 assets totaled 11.2 of the Company s total assets. 
 
 (j) This is an international company. 
 
 (k) This loan is denominated in Australian dollars and is translated
 into U.S. dollars as of the valuation date. 
 
 (l) This loan is denominated in Canadian dollars and is translated
 into U.S. dollars as of the valuation date. 
 
 (m) The Company structures its unitranche secured loans as senior
 secured loans. The Company obtains security interests in the assets of these portfolio companies that serve as collateral in support
 of the repayment of these loans. This collateral may take the form of first-priority liens on the assets of a portfolio company.
 Generally, the Company syndicates a first out portion of the loan to an investor and retains a last out 
 portion of the loan, in which case the first out portion of the loan will generally receive priority with respect to
 payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder. Unitranche structures combine characteristics of traditional
 first lien senior secured as well as second lien and subordinated loans and the Company s unitranche secured loans will expose
 the Company to the risks associated with second lien and subordinated loans and may limit the Company s recourse or ability
 to recover collateral upon a portfolio company s bankruptcy. Unitranche secured loans typically provide for moderate loan amortization
 in the initial years of the facility, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. Unitranche secured loans
 generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term, and there is a risk of loss
 if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity. In many cases the Company, together with
 its affiliates, is the sole or majority lender of these unitranche secured loans, which can afford the Company additional influence
 with a borrower in terms of monitoring and, if necessary, remediation in the event of underperformance. 
 
 (n) Represents less than 5 ownership of the portfolio company s
 voting securities. 
 
 (o) Ownership of certain equity investments may occur through
 a holding company or partnership. 
 
 (p) Represents a non-income producing security. 
 
 (q) Investment is held by a taxable subsidiary of the Company.
 See Note 2 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the Company s wholly-owned
 taxable subsidiaries. 
 
 (r) As of December 31, 2021, the Company was party to a subscription
 agreement with a commitment to fund an additional equity investment of 8. 
 
 (s) As of December 31, 2021, the Company was party to a subscription
 agreement with a commitment to fund an additional equity investment of 34. 
 
 (t) As defined in the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be
 an Affiliated Person of the portfolio company as it owns 5 or more of the portfolio company s voting securities.
 See Note 5 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on transactions in which
 the issuer was an Affiliated Person (but not a portfolio company that the Company is deemed to control). 
 
 (u) The fair value of this investment was valued using Level
 1 inputs. See Note 4 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

n/a - not applicable 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 28 

MONROE CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 1. Organization and Principal Business 

Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation (together
with its subsidiaries, the Company is a Maryland corporation that was formed to act as an externally managed, closed-end,
non-diversified investment company. The Company is a specialty finance company organized to maximize the total return to the Company s
stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through a variety of investments. The Company is managed by Monroe
Capital BDC Advisors, LLC MC Advisors ). The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
the Company elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Company currently qualifies and intends to qualify annually to be treated as a RIC for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

The Company may conduct private offerings, subject
to approval by the Company s board of directors (the Board ). The Company is conducting its second best efforts, continuous
private offering of its common stock to accredited investors in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). At each closing, an investor purchases shares of the Company s common
stock pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with the Company. See Note 11 for additional information on the Company s
share activity. 

On March 12, 2019, the Company created a
wholly-owned subsidiary, MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC (the SPV ), for purposes of entering into a senior secured revolving
credit facility (the Credit Facility with KeyBank National Association. See Note 7 for additional information on the Credit
Facility. 

On April 7, 2022, the Company created a wholly-owned
subsidiary, Monroe Capital Income Plus ABS Funding, LLC (the 2022 Issuer ), for purposes of completing an asset-backed securitization
(the 2022 ABS and issuing secured notes through a private placement. See Note 7 for additional information on the 2022
ABS. 

On December 20, 2022, the Company created a wholly-owned
subsidiary, MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC (the SPV II ), for purposes of entering into a senior secured term credit
facility (the Term Loan with KeyBank National Association. See Note 7 for additional information on the Term Loan. 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ).
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company and related financial information have been prepared pursuant to the
requirements for reporting on Form 10-K and Articles 6 and 10 of Regulation S-X. The Company has determined it meets the definition of
an investment company and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946 Financial Services Investment Companies ASC Topic 946 ). Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

As an emerging growth company, the Company intends
to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised
accounting standards. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Consolidation 

As permitted under ASC Topic 946, the Company
will generally not consolidate its investment in a portfolio company other than an investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating
company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. Accordingly, the Company consolidated the results of its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, including the SPV, SPV II, the 2022 Issuer and the Company s wholly-owned taxable subsidiaries (the Taxable
Subsidiaries in its consolidated financial statements. The purpose of the Taxable Subsidiaries is to permit the Company to hold
equity investments in portfolio companies that are taxed as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes while complying with the
 source of income requirements contained in the RIC tax provisions of the Code. The Taxable Subsidiaries are not consolidated
with the Company for U.S. federal corporate income tax purposes, and each Taxable Subsidiary is subject to U.S. federal corporate income
tax on its taxable income. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

F- 29 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company applies fair value to substantially
all of its financial instruments in accordance with ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC
Topic 820 ). ASC Topic 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework used to measure fair value, and requires disclosures for
fair value measurements, including the categorization of financial instruments into a three-level hierarchy based on the transparency
of valuation inputs. See Note 4 for further discussion regarding the fair value measurements and hierarchy. 

ASC Topic 820 requires disclosure of the fair
value of financial instruments for which it is practical to estimate such value. The Company believes that the carrying amounts of its
other financial instruments such as cash, receivables and payables approximate the fair value of such items due to the short maturity
of such instruments. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company s revenue recognition policies
are as follows: 

Investments and related investment income:
 Interest and dividend income is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that the Company expects to collect such amounts. Interest
income is accrued based upon the outstanding principal amount and contractual terms of debt and preferred equity investments. Interest
is accrued on a daily basis. The Company records fees on loans based on the determination of whether the fee is considered a yield enhancement
or payment for a service. If the fee is considered a yield enhancement associated with a funding of cash on a loan, the fee is generally
deferred and recognized into interest income using the effective interest method if captured in the cost basis or using the straight-line
method if the loan is unfunded and therefore there is no cost basis. If the fee is not considered a yield enhancement because a service
was provided, and the fee is payment for that service, the fee is deemed earned and recognized as fee income in the period the service
is completed. 

Dividend income on preferred equity securities
is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected
to be collected. Dividend income on common equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies. Each distribution
received from limited liability company LLC and limited partnership LP investments is evaluated to determine
if the distribution should be recorded as dividend income or a return of capital. Generally, the Company will not record distributions
from equity investments in LLCs and LPs as dividend income unless there are sufficient accumulated tax-basis earnings and profits in the
LLC or LP prior to the applicable distribution. Distributions that are classified as a return of capital are recorded as a reduction in
the cost basis of the investment. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company received return of capital distributions
from its equity investments of 506, 551 and zero. 

The Company has certain investments in its portfolio
that contain a payment-in-kind PIK provision, which represents contractual interest or dividends that are added to the
principal balance and recorded as income. The Company stops accruing PIK interest or PIK dividends when it is determined that PIK interest
or PIK dividends are no longer collectible. To maintain RIC tax treatment, and to avoid incurring corporate U.S. federal income tax, substantially
all income accrued from PIK provisions must be paid out to stockholders in the form of distributions, even though the Company has not
yet collected the cash. 

Loan origination fees, original issue discount
and market discount or premiums are capitalized, and the Company then amortizes such amounts using the effective interest method as interest
income over the life of the investment. Unamortized discounts and loan origination fees totaled 29,392 and 10,292 as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. Upfront loan origination and closing fees received for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled
 29,143, 12,179 and 2,965, respectively. Upon the prepayment of a loan or debt security, any unamortized premium or discount or loan
origination fees are recorded as interest income. 

The components of the Company s investment
income were as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Interest income 
 78,960 
 27,327 
 11,643 
 
 PIK interest income 
 5,920 
 1,298 
 295 
 
 Dividend income (1) 
 501 
 239 
 60 
 
 Fee income 
 2,182 
 1,107 
 187 
 
 Prepayment gain (loss) 
 1,496 
 1,166 
 279 
 
 Accretion of discounts and amortization of premium 
 2,616 
 996 
 612 
 
 Total investment income 
 91,675 
 32,133 
 13,076 

(1) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, dividend income includes
PIK dividends of 358, 176 and 59, respectively. 

F- 30 

Investment transactions are recorded on a trade-date
basis. Realized gains or losses on portfolio investments are calculated based upon the difference between the net proceeds from the disposition
and the amortized cost basis of the investment, without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized. Realized gains and
losses are recorded within net realized gain (loss) on investments on the consolidated statements of operations. Changes in the fair value
of investments from the prior period, as determined through the application of the Company s valuation policy, are included within
net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Non-accrual: Loans or preferred equity
securities are placed on non-accrual status when principal, interest or dividend payments become materially past due, or when there is
reasonable doubt that principal, interest or dividends will be collected. Additionally, any original issue discount and market discount
are no longer accreted to interest income as of the date the loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual
loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. Non-accrual loans are restored to
accrual status when past due principal, interest, or dividends are paid, or are expected to be paid, and, in management s judgment
are likely to remain current. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no borrowers with a loan or preferred equity securities
on non-accrual status. 

Distributions 

Distributions to common stockholders are recorded
on the applicable record date. The amount, if any, to be distributed to common stockholders is determined by the Board at least quarterly
and is generally based upon the Company s earnings as estimated by management. Net realized capital gains, if any, are generally
distributed at least annually. 

The determination of the tax attributes for the
Company s distributions is made annually, based upon its taxable income for the full year and distributions paid for the full year.
Ordinary dividend distributions from a RIC do not qualify for the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income from domestic corporations
and qualified foreign corporations, except to the extent that the RIC received the income in the form of qualifying dividends from domestic
corporations and qualified foreign corporations. The tax attributes for distributions will generally include both ordinary income and
capital gains, but may also include qualified dividends or return of capital. 

The Company has adopted a dividend reinvestment
plan DRIP that provides for the reinvestment of dividends and other distributions on behalf of its stockholders that elect
to participate in such plan. When the Company declares a dividend or distribution, the Company s stockholders cash distributions
will only be reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock if a stockholder specifically opts in to
the DRIP at least ten (10) days prior to the record date fixed by the Board. Shares issued under the DRIP will be issued at a price per
share equal to the net asset value NAV per share as of the last day of the Company s fiscal quarter immediately
preceding the date that the distribution was declared. See Note 10 for additional information on the Company s distributions. 

Segments 

In accordance with ASC Topic 280 Segment
Reporting , the Company has determined that it has a single reporting segment and operating unit structure. 

Cash 

The Company deposits its cash in a financial institution
and, at times, such balances may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit. The Company s deposits
are held in high-quality financial institutions and management believes that risk of loss with any uninsured balance is remote. 

Restricted Cash 

Restricted cash includes amounts held within
the SPV, SPV II and 2022 Issuer. Cash held within the SPV, SPV II and 2022 Issuer is generally restricted to use for the originations of new
investments, the repayment of outstanding debt and the related payment of interest expense and the quarterly release of earnings to
the Company. As of December 31, 2022, restricted cash included 26,753 held within the SPV, 368 held within the SPV II and 19,367
held within the 2022 Issuer. As of December 31, 2021, restricted cash represented the cash held within the SPV. 

Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs 

Deferred financing costs represent fees and other
direct incremental costs incurred in connection with the Company s borrowings. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had
unamortized deferred financing costs of 11,914 and 3,615, respectively, presented as a direct reduction of the carrying amount of debt
on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. These amounts are amortized and included in interest and other debt financing
expenses on the consolidated statements of operations over the estimated average life of the borrowings. Amortization of deferred financing
costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 2,263, 907 and 293, respectively. 

F- 31 

Investments Denominated in Foreign Currency 

At each balance sheet date, portfolio company investments
denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars using the spot exchange rate on the last business day of the period.
Purchases and sales of foreign portfolio company investments, and any income from such investments, are translated into U.S. dollars using
the rates of exchange prevailing on the respective dates of such transactions. 

Although the fair values of foreign portfolio company
investments and the fluctuation in such fair values are translated into U.S. dollars using the applicable foreign exchange rates described
above, the Company does not isolate the portion of the change in fair value resulting from foreign currency exchange rates fluctuations
from the change in fair value of the underlying investment. All fluctuations in fair value are included in net change in unrealized gain
(loss) on investments on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

Investments denominated in foreign currencies and
foreign currency transactions may involve certain consideration and risks not typically associated with those of domestic origin, including
unanticipated movements in the value of the foreign currency relative to the U.S. dollar. 

Derivative Instruments 

The Company has entered and may continue to enter
into foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the Company s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. In a foreign
currency forward contract, the Company agrees to receive or deliver a fixed quantity of one currency for another, at a pre-determined
price at a future date. Foreign currency forward contracts are marked-to-market based on the difference between the forward rate and the
exchange rate at the current period end. Unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency forward contracts are recorded on the Company s
consolidated statements of assets and liabilities by counterparty on a net basis. 

The Company does not utilize hedge accounting and
as such values its foreign currency forward contracts at fair value with the change in unrealized gain or loss recorded in net change
in unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency forward contracts and the realized gain or loss recorded in net realized gain (loss) on
foreign currency forward contracts on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

Income Taxes 

The Company has elected to be treated as a RIC
under Subchapter M of the Code and operates in a manner as to qualify for the tax treatment available to RICs. As long as the Company
maintains its status as a RIC, it generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains
that it distributes at least annually to its stockholders. Rather, any tax liability related to income earned by the Company represents
an obligation of the Company s stockholders and will not be reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 

To qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, the Company must,
among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment,
the Company must distribute to its stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of its investment company taxable income 
for that year, which is generally its ordinary income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital gains over its realized net
long-term capital losses. In order for the Company not to be subject to U.S. federal excise taxes, it must distribute annually an amount
at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of its net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar
year, (ii) 98.2 of its capital gains in excess of capital losses for the calendar year and (iii) any net ordinary income and
capital gains in excess of capital losses for preceding years that were not distributed during such years. The Company, at its discretion,
may carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year dividends and pay U.S. federal income tax and a 4 nondeductible U.S.
federal excise tax on this income. For the years December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a net expense (benefit) on
the consolidated statements of operations of 126, 1) and 72, respectively, for U.S. federal excise tax. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company recorded an accrual for U.S. federal excise taxes of 125 and 66, respectively, which were included in accounts payable
and accrued expenses on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. 

F- 32 

The
Company s consolidated Taxable Subsidiaries may be subject to U.S. federal and state corporate-level income taxes. For the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a net tax expense on the consolidated statements of operations of 43 
thousand, zero and zero, respectively, for these subsidiaries. 

The Company accounts for income taxes in conformity
with ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes ASC Topic 740 ). ASC Topic 740 provides guidelines for how uncertain tax
positions should be recognized, measured, presented and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. ASC Topic 740 requires the
evaluation of tax positions taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are
 more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax benefits of positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not
threshold would be recorded as a tax expense in the current year. It is the Company s policy to recognize accrued interest and penalties
related to uncertain tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company did not take any material uncertain income tax positions through
December 31, 2022. The 2019 through 2022 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and state tax authorities. 

Subsequent Events 

The Company has evaluated the need for disclosures
and/or adjustments resulting from subsequent events through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued. There have been
no subsequent events that occurred during such period that would require disclosure in this Form 10-K or would be required to be recognized
in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, except as disclosed in Note 14. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04,
 Reference Rate Reform ASU 2020-04 ). The amendments in ASU 2020-04 provide optional expedients and exceptions for
applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met.
The standard is effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2024. The Company did not utilize the optional expedients
and exceptions provided by ASU 2020-04 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Note 3. Investments 

The following tables show the composition of the
Company s investment portfolio, at amortized cost and fair value (with corresponding percentage of total portfolio investments): 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Amortized Cost: 

Senior secured loans 
 1,251,960 
 85.4 
 631,665 
 90.8 
 
 Unitranche secured loans 
 128,313 
 8.8 
 29,886 
 4.3 
 
 Junior secured loans 
 43,973 
 3.0 
 18,107 
 2.6 
 
 Equity securities 
 41,106 
 2.8 
 16,258 
 2.3 
 
 Total 
 1,465,352 
 100.0 
 695,916 
 100.0 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Fair Value: 

Senior secured loans 
 1,250,788 
 85.1 
 638,120 
 90.5 
 
 Unitranche secured loans 
 127,378 
 8.7 
 30,161 
 4.3 
 
 Junior secured loans 
 44,469 
 3.0 
 18,580 
 2.6 
 
 Equity securities 
 46,361 
 3.2 
 18,029 
 2.6 
 
 Total 
 1,468,996 
 100.0 
 704,890 
 100.0 

F- 33 

The following tables show the composition of the
Company s investment portfolio by geographic region, at amortized cost and fair value (with corresponding percentage of total portfolio
investments). The geographic composition is determined by the location of the corporate headquarters of the portfolio company, which may
not be indicative of the primary source of the portfolio company s business: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Amortized Cost: 

International 
 62,244 
 4.3 
 39,008 
 5.6 
 
 Midwest 
 312,637 
 21.3 
 156,339 
 22.5 
 
 Northeast 
 245,445 
 16.7 
 127,013 
 18.3 
 
 Northwest 
 66,839 
 4.6 
 17,779 
 2.5 
 
 Southeast 
 353,079 
 24.1 
 158,459 
 22.8 
 
 Southwest 
 183,722 
 12.5 
 83,087 
 11.9 
 
 West 
 241,386 
 16.5 
 114,231 
 16.4 
 
 Total 
 1,465,352 
 100.0 
 695,916 
 100.0 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Fair Value: 

International 
 59,706 
 4.1 
 38,859 
 5.5 
 
 Midwest 
 313,240 
 21.3 
 157,661 
 22.4 
 
 Northeast 
 244,305 
 16.6 
 128,371 
 18.2 
 
 Northwest 
 67,226 
 4.6 
 17,638 
 2.5 
 
 Southeast 
 360,465 
 24.5 
 161,532 
 22.9 
 
 Southwest 
 181,981 
 12.4 
 83,786 
 11.9 
 
 West 
 242,073 
 16.5 
 117,043 
 16.6 
 
 Total 
 1,468,996 
 100.0 
 704,890 
 100.0 

The following tables show the composition of the
Company s investment portfolio by industry, at amortized cost and fair value (with corresponding percentage of total portfolio investments): 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Amortized Cost: 

Aerospace Defense 
 21,418 
 1.5 
 22,081 
 3.2 
 
 Automotive 
 39,131 
 2.7 
 25,268 
 3.6 
 
 Banking 
 35,534 
 2.4 
 7,963 
 1.1 
 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 16,807 
 1.1 
 19,001 
 2.7 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 55,062 
 3.7 
 10,125 
 1.5 
 
 Construction Building 
 34,932 
 2.4 
 19,067 
 2.8 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 
 42,278 
 2.9 
 18,040 
 2.6 
 
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 
 32,697 
 2.2 
 24,403 
 3.5 
 
 Containers, Packaging Glass 
 11,674 
 0.8 
 2,024 
 0.3 
 
 Energy: Oil Gas 
 3,970 
 0.3 
 4,075 
 0.6 
 
 Environmental Industries 
 30,612 
 2.1 
 12,623 
 1.8 
 
 FIRE: Finance 
 67,608 
 4.6 
 28,048 
 4.0 
 
 FIRE: Insurance 
 9,709 
 0.7 

FIRE: Real Estate 
 69,695 
 4.7 
 42,104 
 6.1 
 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 209,460 
 14.3 
 78,126 
 11.2 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 180,078 
 12.3 
 79,896 
 11.5 
 
 Hotels, Gaming Leisure 
 2,316 
 0.1 
 2,283 
 0.3 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 128,704 
 8.8 
 77,494 
 11.1 
 
 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 
 2,059 
 0.1 
 1,856 
 0.3 
 
 Media: Diversified Production 
 46,881 
 3.2 
 34,144 
 4.9 
 
 Services: Business 
 184,567 
 12.6 
 92,996 
 13.4 
 
 Services: Consumer 
 77,065 
 5.3 
 36,798 
 5.3 
 
 Telecommunications 
 36,508 
 2.5 
 40,476 
 5.8 
 
 Transportation: Cargo 
 97,803 
 6.7 
 14,130 
 2.0 
 
 Wholesale 
 28,784 
 2.0 
 2,895 
 0.4 
 
 Total 
 1,465,352 
 100.0 
 695,916 
 100.0 

F- 34 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value: 

Aerospace Defense 

21,049 

1.4 

22,358 

3.2 

Automotive 

38,843 

2.7 

25,864 

3.7 

Banking 

37,979 

2.6 

9,606 

1.4 

Beverage, Food Tobacco 

16,439 

1.1 

19,032 

2.7 

Capital Equipment 

56,074 

3.8 

10,270 

1.4 

Construction Building 

34,877 

2.4 

19,202 

2.7 

Consumer Goods: Durable 

40,357 

2.7 

18,420 

2.6 

Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

32,843 

2.2 

24,777 

3.5 

Containers, Packaging Glass 

11,675 

0.8 

2,029 

0.3 

Energy: Oil Gas 

3,597 

0.2 

3,591 

0.5 

Environmental Industries 

31,457 

2.1 

13,271 

1.9 

FIRE: Finance 

66,639 

4.5 

27,505 

3.9 

FIRE: Insurance 

9,641 

0.7 

FIRE: Real Estate 

71,154 

4.8 

43,066 

6.1 

Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

210,831 

14.4 

78,589 

11.1 

High Tech Industries 

180,823 

12.3 

81,220 

11.5 

Hotels, Gaming Leisure 

2,331 

0.2 

2,318 

0.3 

Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

129,362 

8.8 

78,300 

11.1 

Media: Broadcasting Subscription 

2,019 

0.1 

1,859 

0.3 

Media: Diversified Production 

46,348 

3.2 

34,428 

4.9 

Services: Business 

184,535 

12.6 

93,582 

13.3 

Services: Consumer 

77,998 

5.3 

37,319 

5.3 

Telecommunications 

36,415 

2.5 

40,656 

5.8 

Transportation: Cargo 

97,153 

6.6 

14,646 

2.1 

Wholesale 

28,557 

2.0 

2,982 

0.4 

Total 

1,468,996 

100.0 

704,890 

100.0 

Note 4. Fair Value Measurements 

Investments 

The Company values all investments in accordance
with ASC Topic 820. ASC Topic 820 requires enhanced disclosures about assets and liabilities that are measured and reported at fair value.
As defined in ASC Topic 820, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Where available, fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters,
or derived from such prices or parameters. Where observable prices or inputs are not available, valuation models are applied. These valuation
models involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the assets
or liabilities or market and the assets or liabilities complexity. 

ASC Topic 820 establishes a hierarchal disclosure
framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability of inputs used in measuring investments at fair value. Market
price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of investment and the characteristics specific to the investment.
Investments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally
will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value. 

Based on the observability of the inputs used
in the valuation techniques, the Company is required to provide disclosures on fair value measurements according to the fair value hierarchy.
The fair value hierarchy ranks the observability of the inputs used to determine fair values. Investments carried at fair value are classified
and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level 1 Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Valuations based on inputs other than quoted prices in active markets, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, which are either directly or indirectly observable. 

Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. This includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the assets or liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value are based upon the best information available and may require significant management judgment or estimation. 

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair
value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an asset s or liability s categorization
within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors
specific to the asset or liability. 

F- 35 

For periods
prior to September 30, 2022 , the Board determined the fair value of the Company s investments. Pursuant to the new SEC
Rule 2a-5 of the 1940 Act, on September 30, 2022 the Board designated MC Advisors as the Company s valuation designee (the Valuation
Designee ). The Board is responsible for oversight of the Valuation Designee. The Valuation Designee has established a valuation
committee to determine in good faith the fair value of the Company s investments, based on input of Valuation Designee s
management and personnel and independent valuation firms which are engaged at the direction of the valuation committee to assist in the
valuation of certain portfolio investments lacking a readily available market quotation. The valuation committee determines fair values
pursuant to a valuation policy approved by the Board and pursuant to a consistently applied valuation process. 

With respect to investments for which market quotations
are not readily available, the Valuation Designee undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 

the quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially evaluated and rated by the investment professionals of the Valuation Designee responsible for the credit monitoring of the portfolio investment; 

the Valuation Designee engages an independent valuation firm to conduct independent appraisals of a selection of investments for which market quotations are not readily available. The Valuation Designee will consult with an independent valuation firm relative to each portfolio company at least once in every calendar year, but the independent appraisals are generally received quarterly for each investment; 

to the extent an independent valuation firm is not engaged to conduct an investment appraisal on an investment for which market quotations are not readily available, the investment will be valued by the Valuation Designee; 

preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with the valuation committee of the Valuation Designee; 

the valuation conclusions are approved by the valuation committee of the Valuation Designee; and 

a report prepared by the Valuation Designee is presented to the Board quarterly to allow the Board to perform its oversight duties of the valuation process and the Valuation Designee. 

The accompanying consolidated schedules of investments
held by the Company consist primarily of private debt instruments Level 3 debt ). The Company generally uses the income
approach to determine fair value for Level 3 debt where market quotations are not readily available, as long as it is appropriate. If there is deterioration in credit quality or a debt investment is in workout status, the Company may consider
other factors in determining the fair value, including the value attributable to the debt investment from the enterprise value of the
portfolio company or the proceeds that would be received in a liquidation analysis. This liquidation analysis may include probability
weighting of alternative outcomes. The Company generally considers its Level 3 debt to be performing if the borrower is not in default,
the borrower is remitting payments in a timely manner; the loan is in covenant compliance or is otherwise not deemed to be impaired. In
determining the fair value of the performing Level 3 debt, the Company considers fluctuations in current interest rates, the trends in
yields of debt instruments with similar credit ratings, financial condition of the borrower, economic conditions and other relevant factors,
both qualitative and quantitative. In the event that a Level 3 debt instrument is not performing, as defined above, the Company will evaluate
the value of the collateral utilizing the same framework described above for a performing loan to determine the value of the Level 3 debt
instrument. 

Under the income approach, discounted cash flow
models are utilized to determine the present value of the future cash flow streams of its debt investments, based on future interest and
principal payments as set forth in the associated loan agreements. In determining fair value under the income approach, the Company also
considers the following factors: applicable market yields and leverage levels, credit quality, prepayment penalties, the nature and realizable
value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, and changes in the interest rate environment and the
credit markets that generally may affect the price at which similar investments may be made. 

Under the market approach, the enterprise value
methodology is typically utilized to determine the fair value of an investment. There is no one methodology to estimate enterprise value
and, in fact, for any one portfolio company, enterprise value is generally best expressed as a range of values, from which the Company
derives a single estimate of enterprise value. In estimating the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the Company analyzes various
factors consistent with industry practice, including but not limited to original transaction multiples, the portfolio company s
historical and projected financial results, applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and leverage
levels, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, and comparisons of
financial ratios of peer companies that are public. Typically, the enterprise values of private companies are based on multiples of earnings
before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), cash flows, net income, revenues, or in limited cases,
book value. 

In addition, for certain debt investments, the
Company may base its valuation on indicative bid and ask prices provided by an independent third-party pricing service. Bid prices reflect
the highest price that the Company and others may be willing to pay. Ask prices represent the lowest price that the Company and others
may be willing to accept. The Company generally uses the midpoint of the bid/ask range as its best estimate of fair value of such investment. 

F- 36 

As of December 31, 2022 the Valuation Designee determined, in good
faith, the fair value of the Company s portfolio investments in accordance with GAAP a nd the
Company s valuation procedures based on the facts and circumstances known by the Company at that time, or reasonably expected to
be known at that time. 

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 

The valuation for the Company s foreign currency
forward contracts is based on the difference between the exchange rate associated with the forward contract and the exchange rate at the
current period end. Foreign currency forward contracts are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Fair Value Disclosures 

The following tables present fair value measurements
of investments and foreign currency forward contracts, by major class according to the fair value hierarchy: 

Fair Value Measurements 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Senior secured loans 

1,250,788 
 1,250,788 
 
 Unitranche secured loans 

127,378 
 127,378 
 
 Junior secured loans 

44,469 
 44,469 
 
 Equity securities 
 34 
 
 46,327 
 46,361 
 
 Total investments 
 34 
 
 1,468,962 
 1,468,996 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts asset (liability) 
 
 1,296 
 
 1,296 

Fair Value Measurements 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Senior secured loans 

638,120 
 638,120 
 
 Unitranche secured loans 

30,161 
 30,161 
 
 Junior secured loans 

18,580 
 18,580 
 
 Equity securities 
 239 
 
 17,790 
 18,029 
 
 Total investments 
 239 
 
 704,651 
 704,890 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts asset (liability) 
 
 585 
 
 585 

Senior secured loans, unitranche secured loans
and junior secured loans are collateralized by tangible and intangible assets of the borrowers. These investments include loans to entities
that have some level of challenge in obtaining financing from other, more conventional institutions, such as a bank. Interest rates on
these loans are either fixed or floating and are based on current market conditions and credit ratings of the borrower. Excluding loans
on non-accrual, the contractual interest rates on the loans ranged from 7.14 to 19.50 at December 31, 2022 and 4.35 to 16.00 at December
31, 2021. The maturity dates on the loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 range between May 2023 and November 2029. 

The following tables provide a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending balances for investments at fair value that use Level 3 inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Investments 

Senior 

Unitranche 

Junior 

Equity 

Total Level 3 

secured loans 
 secured loans 
 secured loans 
 securities 
 investments 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

638,120 

30,161 

18,580 

17,790 

704,651 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

(17) 

(17) 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

(7,553) 

(1,285) 

24 

3,689 

(5,125) 
 
 Purchases of investments and other adjustments to cost (1) 

784,315 

74,558 

25,865 

25,355 

910,093 

Proceeds from principal payments and sales of investments (2) 
 
 (138,782) 

(1,351) 

(507) 

(140,640) 
 
 Reclassifications (3) 

(25,295) 

25,295 

Transfers in (out) of Level 3 (4) 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

1,250,788 

127,378 

44,469 

46,327 

1,468,962 

F- 37 

Investments 

Senior 

Unitranche 

Junior 

Equity 

Total Level 3 

secured loans 
 secured loans 
 secured loans 
 securities 
 investments 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

176,584 

5,677 

4,334 

3,541 

190,136 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

141 

347 

488 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

6,560 

215 

185 

2,022 

8,982 

Purchases of investments and other adjustments to cost (1) 

535,156 

28,550 

18,124 

12,606 

594,436 

Proceeds from principal payments and sales of investments (2) 
 
 (79,781) 

(4,281) 

(4,085) 

(1,005) 

(89,152) 
 
 Reclassifications (3) 

(540) 

22 

518 

Transfers in (out) of Level 3 (4) 

(239) 

(239) 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

638,120 

30,161 

18,580 

17,790 

704,651 

(1) 
 Includes purchases of new investments, effects of refinancing and restructurings, premium and discount accretion and amortization and PIK interest. 

(2) 
 Represents net proceeds from investments sold and principal paydowns received. 

(3) 
 Represents non-cash reclassification of investment type due to a restructuring. 

(4) 
 Represents non-cash transfers between fair value categories. 

The total net change in unrealized gain (loss)
on investments included on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, attributable to Level 3 investments
still held at December 31, 2022, was 4,101). The total net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments included on the consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, attributable to Level 3 investments still held at December 31, 2021, was
 9,099. Reclassifications impacting Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are reported as transfers in or out of Level 3 as of the beginning
of the period in which the reclassifications occur. During the year ended December 31, 2022 no investments transferred between Levels.
During the year ended December 31, 2021 one investment transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 as a result of being publicly traded. 

Significant Unobservable Inputs 

ASC Topic 820 requires disclosure of quantitative
information about the significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 within the
fair value hierarchy. Disclosure of this information is not required in circumstances where a valuation (unadjusted) is obtained from
a third-party pricing service and the information regarding the unobservable inputs is not reasonably available to the Company and as
such, the disclosures provided below exclude those investments valued in that manner. The tables below are not intended to be all-inclusive,
but rather to provide information on significant unobservable inputs and valuation techniques used by the Company. 

The valuation techniques and significant unobservable
inputs used in recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Weighted 

Unobservable 
 
 Average 

Range 

Fair Value 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Input 
 
 Mean 

Minimum 

Maximum 

Assets: 

Senior secured loans 

790,762 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 EBITDA multiples 

10.7 
 x 

3.8 
 x 

18.6 
 x 

Market yields 

10.9 

8.7 

22.3 

Senior secured loans 

354,158 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Revenue multiples 

7.3 
 x 

1 .4 
 x 

20.0 
 x 

Market yields 

11.5 

10.0 

21.6 

Unitranche secured loans 

95,341 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 EBITDA multiples 

9.9 
 x 

8.5 
 x 

15.5 
 x 

Market yields 

12.1 

9.2 

13.8 

Unitranche secured loans 

32,037 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Revenue multiples 

9.3 
 x 

5.8 
 x 

12.5 
 x 

Market yields 

11.8 

11.6 

12.1 

Junior secured loans 

44,469 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Market yields 

13.7 

12.3 

20.4 

Equity securities 

31,060 

Enterprise value 
 
 EBITDA multiples 

10.9 
 x 

3.8 
 x 

17.9 
 x 
 
 Equity securities 

13,400 

Enterprise value 
 
 Revenue multiples 

5.1 
 x 

1.9 
 x 

12.3 
 x 
 
 Equity securities 

1,261 

Option pricing model 
 
 Volatility 

75.1 

49.4 

126.4 

Total Level 3 Assets 

1,362,488 
 (1) 

(1) 
 Excludes investments of 106,474 at fair value where valuation (unadjusted) is obtained from a third-party pricing service for which such disclosure is not required. 

F- 38 

The valuation techniques and significant unobservable
inputs used in recurring Level 3 fair value measurements of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

Weighted 

Unobservable 
 
 Average 

Range 

Fair Value 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Input 
 
 Mean 

Minimum 

Maximum 

Assets: 

Senior secured loans 

380,090 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 EBITDA multiples 

10.5 
 x 

6.3 
 x 

20.0 
 x 

Market yields 

7.6 

6.1 

10.7 

Senior secured loans 

203,681 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Revenue multiples 

9.6 
 x 

0.5 
 x 

26.5 
 x 

Market yields 

8.3 

6.6 

13.1 

Senior secured loans 

38,102 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Market yields 

10.2 

7.5 

15.3 

Senior secured loans 

84 

Enterprise value 
 
 EBITDA multiples 

5.0 
 x 

5.0 
 x 

5.0 
 x 
 
 Unitranche secured loans 

14,719 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Revenue multiples 

14.0 
 x 

14.0 
 x 

14.0 
 x 

Market yields 

8.3 

8.3 

8.3 

Unitranche secured loans 

13,951 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 EBITDA multiples 

8.5 
 x 

8.5 
 x 

8.5 
 x 

Market yields 

8.3 

8.3 

8.3 

Unitranche secured loans 

1,491 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Market yields 

8.9 

8.9 

8.9 

Junior secured loans 

16,043 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Market yields 

16.9 

8.0 

25.1 

Junior secured loans 

2,537 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 Revenue multiples 

15.0 
 x 

15.0 
 x 

15.0 
 x 

Market yields 

2.0 

2.0 

2.0 

Equity securities 

11,208 

Enterprise value 
 
 EBITDA multiples 

6.8 
 x 

6.3 
 x 

18.5 
 x 
 
 Equity securities 

2,186 

Discounted cash flow 
 
 EBITDA multiples 

13.3 
 x 

13.3 
 x 

13.3 
 x 

Market yields 

12.3 

12.3 

12.3 

Equity securities 

3,519 

Enterprise value 
 
 Revenue multiples 

14.8 
 x 

9.7 
 x 

26.5 
 x 
 
 Equity securities 

463 

Option pricing model 
 
 Volatility 

42.5 

42.5 

42.5 

Total Level 3 Assets 

688,074 
 (1) 

(1) 
 Excludes investments of 16,577 at fair value where valuation (unadjusted) is obtained from a third-party pricing service for which such disclosure is not required. 

The significant unobservable input used in the
income approach of fair value measurement of the Company s investments is the discount rate used to discount the estimated future
cash flows expected to be received from the underlying investment, which include both future principal and interest payments. Increases
(decreases) in the discount rate would result in a decrease (increase) in the fair value estimate of the investment. Included in the consideration
and selection of discount rates are the following factors: risk of default, rating of the investment and comparable investments, and call
provisions. 

The significant unobservable inputs used in the
market approach of fair value measurement of the Company s investments are the market multiples of EBITDA or revenue of the comparable
guideline public companies. The Company selects a population of public companies for each investment with similar operations and attributes
of the portfolio company. Using these guideline public companies data, a range of multiples of enterprise value to EBITDA or revenue
is calculated. The Company selects percentages from the range of multiples for purposes of determining the portfolio company s estimated
enterprise value based on said multiple and generally the latest twelve months EBITDA or revenue of the portfolio company (or other meaningful
measure). Increases (decreases) in the multiple will result in an increase (decrease) in enterprise value, resulting in an increase (decrease)
in the fair value estimate of the investment. 

Other Financial Assets and Liabilities 

ASC
Topic 820 requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments for which it is practical to estimate such value. The Company
believes that the carrying amounts of its other financial instruments such as cash, receivables and payables approximate the fair value
of such items due to the short maturity of such instruments. Fair value of the Company s Credit Facility, Term Loan and 2022 ABS 
is estimated by discounting remaining payments using applicable market rates or market quotes for similar instruments at the measurement
date, if applicable. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company believes that the carrying value of its Credit Facility approximates
fair value. As of December 31, 2022, the Company believes that the carrying value of its Term Loan approximates fair value. As of December
31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the Company s 2022 ABS Class A and Class B notes was 300,028. 

F- 39 

Note 5. Transactions with Affiliated Companies 

An affiliated company is a company in which the
Company has an ownership interest of 5 or more of its voting securities. A controlled affiliate company is a company in which the Company
has an ownership interest of more than 25 of its voting securities. Please see the Company s consolidated schedule of investments
for the type of investment, principal amount, interest rate including the spread, and the maturity date. Transactions related to the Company s
investments with affiliates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Portfolio Company 
 
 Fair value at December 31, 2021 

Transfers in (out) 

Purchases (cost) 

Sales and paydowns (cost) 

PIK interest (cost) 

Discount accretion 

Net realized gain (loss) 

Net unrealized gain (loss) 

Fair value at December 31, 2022 

Non-controlled affiliate company investment: 

Nastel
 Technologies, LLC 

3,430 

2 

68 

3,500 

Nastel Technologies, LLC (Revolver) 

Nastel Technologies, LLC (3,408 Class A units) 

3,408 

170 

3,578 

6,838 

2 

238 

7,078 

Second Avenue SFR Holdings II LLC (Revolver) (1) 

2,104 

2,681 

(30) 

4,755 

2,104 

2,681 

(30) 

4,755 

SFR Holdco, LLC (Junior secured loan) 

5,850 

5,850 

SFR Holdco, LLC (Junior secured loan) 

2,316 

2,316 

SFR Holdco, LLC (13.9 of equity commitments) 

3,900 

3,900 

SFR Holdco, LLC (10.5 of equity commitments) 

1,545 

1,545 

9,750 

3,861 

13,611 

SheerTrans Solutions, LLC 

5,024 

(25) 

6 

96 

5,101 

SheerTrans Solutions, LLC (Revolver) 

SheerTrans Solutions, LLC (8,642,579 preferred interests) 

8,643 

8,643 

13,667 

(25) 

6 

96 

13,744 

Total non-controlled affiliate company investments 

11,854 

27,047 

(25) 

8 

304 

39,188 

Portfolio
 Company 
 Fair
 value at December 31, 
 2020 
 Transfers
 in 
 (out) 
 Purchases 
 (cost) 
 Sales
 and paydowns (cost) 
 PIK
 interest 
 (cost) 
 Discount 
 accretion 
 Net
 realized gain (loss) 
 Net
 unrealized 
 gain (loss) 
 Fair
 value at December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Non-controlled
 affiliate company investments: 

Second
 Avenue SFR Holdings II LLC (Revolver) 

2,104 

2,104 

2,104 

2,104 

SFR
 Holdco, LLC (Junior secured loan) 

5,850 

5,850 
 
 SFR
 Holdco, LLC (24.4 of interests) 

3,900 

3,900 

9,750 

9,750 
 
 Total non-controlled
 affiliate company investments 

11,854 

11,854 

(1) 
 Second Avenue SFR Holdings II LLC is a related entity to SFR Holdco, LLC and is being presented as a non-controlled affiliate for that reason. 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Portfolio Company 
 
 Interest 
Income 

Dividend 
Income 

Fee Income 

Interest 
Income 

Dividend 
Income 

Fee Income 

Non-controlled affiliate company investments: 

Nastel Technologies, LLC 

104 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

Nastel Technologies, LLC (Revolver) 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

Nastel Technologies, LLC (Class A units) 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

104 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

Second Avenue SFR Holdings II LLC (Revolver) 

311 

22 

311 

22 

SFR Holdco, LLC (Junior secured loan) 

468 

82 

SFR Holdco, LLC (Junior secured loan) 

84 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

SFR Holdco, LLC (LLC interest) 

SFR Holdco, LLC (LLC interest) 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

552 

82 

SheerTrans Solutions, LLC 

245 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

SheerTrans Solutions, LLC (Revolver) 

3 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

SheerTrans Solutions, LLC (Preferred interests) 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

248 

n/a 

n/a 

n/a 

Total non-controlled affiliate company investments 

1,215 

104 

F- 40 

Note 6. Transactions with Related Parties 

The Company has entered into an investment advisory
agreement with MC Advisors (the Investment Advisory Agreement ), under which MC Advisors, subject to the overall supervision
of the Board, provides investment advisory services to the Company. The Company pays MC Advisors a fee for its services under the Investment
Advisory Agreement consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management
fee and the incentive fee are borne by the Company s stockholders, unless such fees are waived by MC Advisors. 

On
April 18, 2022, MC Advisors agreed to permanently waive a portion of the base management fees and incentive fees payable by the Company
to MC Advisors under the Investment Advisory Agreement pursuant to a fee waiver letter. The base management fee waiver took effect beginning
April 1, 2022 (the Effective Date and the incentive fee waivers took effect beginning January 1, 2022. 

Beginning with the Effective Date, the base management
fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.25 of average total assets (reduced from 1.50 ), which includes assets financed using leverage.
Following any future quotation or listing of the Company s securities on a national securities exchange (an Exchange Listing or any future quotation or listing of its securities on any other public trading market, the base management fee will be calculated at
an annual rate of 1.75 of average invested assets (calculated as total assets excluding cash). The base management fee is payable in
arrears. 

Base
management fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 13,011, 6,027 and 2,399, respectively. MC Advisors
elected to voluntarily waive 1,701, 1,425 and 1,530 of such base management fees for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and
2020, respectively. These base management fee waivers are not subject to recoupment by MC Advisors. Except with respect to the
portion of the base management fee waived pursuant to the fee waiver letter, there is no guarantee that MC Advisors will
waive additional base management fees in the future. 

The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first
part is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income for the preceding
quarter. Pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees
such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies
but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter
(including the base management fee), any expenses payable under the administration agreement (the Administration Agreement between the Company and Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC MC Management and any interest expense and dividends paid
on any outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee. Pre-incentive fee net investment income will include, in the case
of investments with a deferred interest feature such as market discount, debt instruments with PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK
dividends and zero-coupon securities, accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. MC Advisors is not under any obligation
to reimburse the Company for any part of the incentive fee it receives that was based on accrued interest that the Company never actually
receives. 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not
include any realized capital gains or losses or unrealized capital gains or losses. If any distributions from portfolio companies are
characterized as a return of capital, such returns of capital would affect the capital gains incentive fee to the extent a gain or loss
is realized. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that the Company may pay an incentive fee in a quarter where
it incurs a loss. For example, if the Company receives pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate (as defined
below) for a quarter, the Company will pay the applicable incentive fee even if it has incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized
and unrealized capital losses. 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed
as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account
any incentive fees payable during the period) at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a fixed hurdle
rate of 1.50 per quarter (6 annually). 

As of and beginning with the Effective Date, prior
to an Exchange Listing, the Company shall pay MC Advisors an incentive fee with respect to its pre-incentive fee net investment income
in each calendar quarter as follows: 

no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which the pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.50 (6 annually); 

100 of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.7143 (reduced from 1.76 pursuant to the fee waiver letter effective April 1, 2022) in any calendar quarter prior to an Exchange Listing or 1.88 in any calendar quarter following an Exchange Listing. This portion of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income is referred to as the catch-up provision; and 

prior to an Exchange Listing, 12.5 of the amount of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income (a reduction from 15.0 of the amount of the Company s pre-incentive fee net income), if any, that exceeds 1.7143 (reduced from 1.76 pursuant to the fee waiver letter effective April 1, 2022) in any calendar quarter, and following an Exchange Listing, 20 of the amount of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 1.88 in any calendar quarter. 

F- 41 

These calculations are appropriately prorated
for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current quarter. 

The second part of the incentive fee is a capital
gains incentive fee that is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Investment
Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and equals 12.5 (reduced from 15.0 effective January 1, 2022 pursuant to the fee waiver
letter) of the Company s realized capital gains as of the end of the fiscal year. In determining the capital gains incentive
fee payable to MC Advisors, the Company calculates the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains and cumulative aggregate realized capital
losses since the Company s inception, and the aggregate unrealized capital depreciation as of the date of the calculation, as applicable,
with respect to each of the investments in the Company s portfolio. For this purpose, cumulative aggregate realized capital gains,
if any, equals the sum of the differences between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the amortized cost of such investment.
Cumulative aggregate realized capital losses equals the sum of the amounts by which the net sales price of each investment, when sold,
is less than the amortized cost of such investment since the Company s inception. Aggregate unrealized capital depreciation equals
the sum of the difference, if negative, between the valuation of each investment as of the applicable calculation date and the amortized
cost of such investment. At the end of the applicable year, the amount of capital gains that will serve as the basis for the calculation
of the capital gains incentive fee equals the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains less cumulative aggregate realized capital losses,
less aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, with respect to the Company s portfolio of investments. If this number is positive
at the end of such year, then the capital gains incentive fee for such year equals 12.5 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of
any capital gains incentive fees paid in respect of the Company s portfolio in all prior years. 

While the Investment Advisory Agreement with MC
Advisors neither includes nor contemplates the inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee, pursuant
to an interpretation of an American Institute for Certified Public Accountants Technical Practice Aid for investment companies, the Company
includes unrealized gains in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee expense and related accrued capital gains incentive fee.
This accrual reflects the incentive fees that would be payable to MC Advisors if the Company s entire portfolio was liquidated at
its fair value as of the balance sheet date even though MC Advisors is not entitled to an incentive fee with respect to unrealized gains
unless and until such gains are actually realized. 

The composition of the Company s incentive
fees was as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Part one incentive fees (1) 
 7,080 
 2,937 
 1,311 
 
 Part two incentive fees (2) 
 (736 
 1,512 
 (132 
 
 Incentive fees, excluding the impact of incentive fee waivers 
 6,344 
 4,449 
 1,179 
 
 Incentive fee waivers (3) 
 (1,468 
 (2,440 
 (1,311 
 
 Total incentive fees, net of incentive fee waivers 
 4,876 
 2,009 
 (132 

(1) 
 Based on pre-incentive fee net investment income. 

(2) 
 Based upon net realized and unrealized gains and losses, or capital gains. The Company accrues, but does not pay, a capital gains incentive fee in connection with any unrealized capital appreciation, as appropriate. If, on a cumulative basis, the sum of net realized gain (loss) plus net unrealized gain (loss) decreases during a period, the Company will reverse any excess capital gains incentive fee previously accrued such that the amount of capital gains incentive fee accrued is no more than 12.5 of the sum of net realized gain (loss) plus net unrealized gain (loss). 

(3) 
 Represents part one incentive fees voluntarily waived by MC Advisors. 

The Company has entered into the Administration
Agreement with MC Management, under which the Company reimburses MC Management, subject to the review and approval of the Board, for its
allocable portion of overhead and other expenses, including the costs of furnishing the Company with office facilities and equipment and
providing clerical, bookkeeping, record-keeping and other administrative services at such facilities, and the Company s allocable
portion of the cost of the chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. To the extent that MC Management
outsources any of its functions, the Company will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis, without incremental profit,
to MC Management. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company incurred
 3,688, 1,698 and 1,061, respectively, in administrative expenses (included within Professional fees, Administrative service fees and
General and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations) under the Administration Agreement, of which 1,132,
 560 and 332, respectively, was related to MC Management overhead and salary allocation and paid directly to MC Management. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021 , 369 and 178, respectively, of expenses were due to MC Management under
this agreement and are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. 

F- 42 

The Company has entered into a license agreement
with Monroe Capital LLC under which Monroe Capital LLC has agreed to grant the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the
name Monroe Capital for specified purposes in its business. Under this agreement, the Company has the right to use the Monroe
Capital name at no cost, subject to certain conditions, for so long as MC Advisors or one of its affiliates remains its investment
adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, the Company has no legal right to the Monroe Capital name or logo. 

As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had accounts payable to members of the Board of zero, representing accrued and unpaid fees for their services. 

Note 7. Borrowings 

In accordance with the 1940 Act, the Company is
permitted to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s asset coverage ratio based on aggregate borrowings outstanding was 199 and 206 , respectively. 

The Company s outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Total Aggregate Principal Amount Committed/ Outstanding (1) 
 Principal Amount Outstanding 
 Carrying Value 
 Total Aggregate Principal Amount Committed/ Outstanding (1) 
 Principal Amount Outstanding 
 Carrying Value 
 
 Credit Facility 
 450,000 
 357,400 
 354,904 (2) 
 450,000 
 348,600 
 344,985 (2) 
 
 Term Loan 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 98,953 (3) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 2022 ABS 
 306,000 (4) 
 306,000 
 297,629 (5) 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Total 
 856,000 
 763,400 
 751,486 
 450,000 
 348,600 
 344,985 

(1) Represents the total aggregate amount committed or outstanding, as applicable, under such instrument. 

(2) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the
Credit Facility (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
total unamortized debt issuance costs was 2,496 and 3,615, respectively. 

(3) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the
Term Loan (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022, the total unamortized
debt issuance costs was 1,047. 

(4) Class C Senior Secured Notes and Subordinated Notes (as defined
below) totaling 36,125 and 82,875, respectively, are excluded from the total aggregate principal amount committed/outstanding
amount as these notes are eliminated in consolidation. 

(5) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the
2022 ABS (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022, the total unamortized debt issuance costs
was 8,371. 

Revolving Credit Facility: The
Company has a 450,000 Credit Facility with KeyBank National Association through the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, the
SPV. The Company s ability to borrow under the Credit Facility is subject to certain financial and restrictive covenants
as well as availability under the borrowing base, which permits the Company to borrow up to 72 of the principal balance of its
portfolio company investments depending on the type of investment, subject to a maximum advance rate on the portfolio of 67 . Under the terms of the
Credit Facility, the SPV is allowed to reinvest available cash and make new borrowings under the Credit Facility through
July 16, 2024. The maturity date of the Credit Facility is July 16, 2026. Distributions from the SPV to the Company are
limited by the terms of the Credit Facility, which generally allows for the distribution of net interest income pursuant to a
waterfall quarterly during the reinvestment period. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of
investments of the Company that were held in the SPV as collateral for the Credit Facility was 691,225 and 615,978, respectively,
and these investments are identified on the consolidated schedules of investments. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility of 357,400 and 348,600, respectively. 

During the reinvestment period, borrowings under
the Credit Facility bear interest at an annual rate of LIBOR (one or three month, at the SPV s option and subject to a LIBOR minimum
of 0.50 plus a margin ranging from 2.75 to a maximum of 3.00 , depending on the level of utilization of the facility and the number
of obligors of eligible loans pledged as collateral in the SPV. After the reinvestment period, borrowings under the Credit Facility bear
interest at an annual rate of LIBOR plus 3.25 . In addition to the stated interest rate on borrowings, the SPV is required to pay an unused
commitment fee of (i) 0.50 per annum on any unused portion of the Credit Facility when the outstanding borrowings are less than
or equal to 60 of the facility amount and (ii) 0.35 per annum on any unused portion of the Credit Facility when the outstanding
borrowings are greater than 60 of the facility. As December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding borrowings were accruing at
a weighted average interest rate of 6.9 and 3.3 , respectively. 

Term
Loan: On December 20, 2022, the Company entered into the Term Loan, a senior secured term credit facility, with KeyBank National
Association, as lead arranger and administrative agent, through a special purpose wholly-owned subsidiary, SPV II. The Term Loan initially
allowed SPV II to borrow an aggregate principal amount of 100,000, and included an accordion feature which allows the Company, under
certain circumstances, to increase the total size of the facility upon request to the administrative agent and with consent of one or
more increasing or additional lenders. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan of 100,000.
As of December 31, 2022 the fair value of the Company s investments held in SPV II as collateral for the Term Loan was 141,418,
and these investments are identified on the accompanying consolidated schedules of investments. 

Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest at
Adjusted Term SOFR (subject to a SOFR minimum of 0.50 plus an applicable margin rate of 2.40 per annum during the initial period, December
20, 2022 through December 20, 2025, and 3.40 per annum during the amortization period, December 21, 2025 through December 20, 2026. The
Term Loan matures on December 20, 2026, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
borrowings were accruing at a weighted average interest rate of 6.7 . 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
incurred financing costs of 1,058 in conjunction with the Term Loan, which have been capitalized within unamortized deferred financing
costs and are amortized into interest and other debt financing expenses over the life of the loan. 

Under the terms of the Term Loan, pursuant to a monthly waterfall and
subject to the satisfaction of certain coverage tests and portfolio quality tests, SPV II is permitted to reinvest 25 of principal proceeds
during the initial period, with the remaining 75 applied to prepay the Term Loan. During the amortization period, pursuant to a monthly
waterfall, 100 of principal proceeds must be applied to prepay the Term Loan. The Term Loan contains representations and warranties and
affirmative and negative covenants customary for secured financings of this type. The Term Loan also contains customary events of default
(subject to certain grace periods, as applicable), including but not limited to the nonpayment of principal, interest or fees, breach
of covenants, voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceedings and change of control of the borrower. 

Asset-Backed Securitization: On April 7,
2022, the Company completed a 425,000 asset-backed securitization (the 2022 ABS ). The notes offered in the 2022 ABS were
issued by the 2022 Issuer, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and are secured by a diversified portfolio of senior secured loans.
The transaction was executed through a private placement of 261,375 of Class A Senior Secured Notes, which bear interest at 4.05 (the
 Class A Notes ), 44,625 of Class B Senior Secured Notes, which bear interest at 5.15 (the Class B Notes and 36,125 of Class C Senior Secured Notes, which bear interest at 7.75 (the Class C Notes and collectively with the Class
A Notes and the Class B Notes, the Secured 2022 Notes ), and 82,875 of Subordinated Notes, which do not bear interest (the
 Subordinated 2022 Notes and, together with the Secured 2022 Notes, the 2022 Notes ). The Company retained all
of the Class C Notes and the Subordinated 2022 Notes. The Class A Notes and the Class B Notes are included as debt on the Company s
consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, the Class C and Subordinated Notes were eliminated in consolidation. 

F- 43 

The 2022 Issuer used the proceeds from the securitization
to, among other things, purchase certain investments from the Company and the SPV. Through April 22, 2024, the 2022 Issuer is permitted
to use all principal collections received on the underlying collateral to purchase new collateral under the direction of MC Advisors,
in its capacity as collateral manager of the 2022 Issuer, in accordance with the Company s investment strategy and subject to customary
conditions set forth in the documents governing the 2022 ABS, allowing the Company to maintain the initial leverage in the 2022 ABS. The
2022 Notes are due on April 30, 2032. 

As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of investments
of the Company that were held in the 2022 Issuer as collateral was 410,179 and these investments are identified on the consolidated schedule
of investments. 

Distributions from the 2022 Issuer to the Company
are limited by the terms of the indenture governing the 2022 ABS, which generally allows for the payment of interest on the Secured 2022
Notes and the distribution of remaining net interest income to the holders of the Subordinated Notes pursuant to a waterfall quarterly
during the reinvestment period. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
incurred financing costs of 9,029 in conjunction with the 2022 ABS, which have been capitalized within unamortized deferred financing
costs and are amortized into interest and other debt financing expenses over the life of the notes. 

Components of interest expense: The components
of the Company s interest and other debt financing expenses and average debt outstanding and average stated interest rate (i.e.
the rate in effect plus spread) were as follows: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Interest expense Credit Facility 
 9,799 
 5,129 
 1,868 
 
 Interest expense Term Loan 
 224 

Interest expense 2022 ABS 
 9,448 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 2,263 
 907 
 293 
 
 Total interest and other debt financing expenses 
 21,734 
 6,036 
 2,161 
 
 Average debt outstanding 
 409,913 
 140,127 
 49,171 
 
 Average stated interest rate 
 4.7 
 3.6 
 3.8 

Note 8. Derivative Instruments 

The Company enters into foreign currency forward
contracts from time to time to help mitigate the impact that an adverse change in foreign exchange rates would have on future principal
and interest cash flows from the Company s investments denominated in foreign currencies. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
counterparty to these foreign currency forward contracts was Bannockburn Global Forex, LLC. Net unrealized gain or loss on foreign currency
forward contracts are included in net change in unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency forward contracts and net realized gain or
loss on forward currency forward contracts are included in net realized gain (loss) on foreign currency forward contracts on the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

Certain information related to the Company s
foreign currency forward contracts is presented below as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Description 
 Notional Amount to be Sold 
 Settlement Date 
 Gross Amount of Unrealized Gain 
 Gross Amount of Unrealized Loss 
 Balance Sheet location of Net Amounts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 248 
 1/5/2023 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 127 
 1/19/2023 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 113 
 2/17/2023 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 109 
 3/17/2023 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 426 
 4/5/2023 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 128 
 4/19/2023 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 109 
 5/17/2023 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 121 
 6/19/2023 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 428 
 7/5/2023 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 124 
 7/19/2023 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 112 
 8/17/2023 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 120 
 9/19/2023 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 431 
 10/3/2023 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 116 
 10/19/2023 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 103 
 11/17/2023 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 106 
 12/19/2023 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 429 
 1/4/2024 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 143 
 1/17/2024 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 112 
 2/19/2024 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 105 
 3/19/2024 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 424 
 4/3/2024 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 143 
 4/17/2024 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 108 
 5/17/2024 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 118 
 6/19/2024 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 417 
 7/3/2024 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 131 
 7/17/2024 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 111 
 8/19/2024 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 114 
 9/18/2024 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 423 
 10/2/2024 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 134 
 10/17/2024 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 110 
 11/19/2024 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 110 
 12/18/2024 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 409 
 1/2/2025 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 133 
 1/17/2025 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 115 
 2/20/2025 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 91 
 3/19/2025 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 14,653 
 4/2/2025 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 128 
 4/17/2025 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 101 
 5/19/2025 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 107 
 6/18/2025 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 128 
 7/17/2025 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 103 
 8/19/2025 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 103 
 9/17/2025 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 130 
 10/17/2025 
 
 (2 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 109 
 11/19/2025 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 12,243 
 12/18/2025 
 
 (159 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 153 
 1/18/2023 
 14 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 140 
 2/16/2023 
 12 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 132 
 3/16/2023 
 12 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 160 
 4/20/2023 
 14 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 121 
 5/16/2023 
 11 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 156 
 6/19/2023 
 14 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 138 
 7/18/2023 
 12 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 146 
 8/16/2023 
 13 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 146 
 9/18/2023 
 13 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 148 
 10/18/2023 
 13 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 140 
 11/16/2023 
 12 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 142 
 12/18/2023 
 12 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 150 
 1/17/2024 
 13 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 143 
 2/16/2024 
 12 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 15,410 
 3/18/2024 
 1,329 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency forward contracts 

1,506 
 (210 

F- 44 

As
 of December 31, 2021 
 
 Description 
 Notional
 Amount to be Sold 
 Settlement
 Date 
 Gross 
 Amount of Unrealized Gain 
 Gross
 Amount of Unrealized Loss 
 Balance
 Sheet location of Net Amounts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 72 
 1/18/2022 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign
 currency forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 77 
 2/17/2022 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 67 
 3/17/2022 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 74 
 4/19/2022 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 75 
 5/18/2022 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 72 
 6/17/2022 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 72 
 7/19/2022 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 74 
 8/17/2022 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 74 
 9/19/2022 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 77 
 10/19/2022 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 70 
 11/17/2022 
 
 (1 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 CAD 
 12,078 
 12/19/2022 
 
 (206 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 156 
 1/19/2022 
 8 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 136 
 2/16/2022 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 132 
 3/16/2022 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 146 
 4/19/2022 
 7 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 138 
 5/17/2022 
 7 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 153 
 6/17/2022 
 7 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 138 
 7/18/2022 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 140 
 8/16/2022 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 153 
 9/16/2022 
 7 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 152 
 10/19/2022 
 7 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 136 
 11/16/2022 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 142 
 12/16/2022 
 7 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 153 
 1/18/2023 
 7 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 140 
 2/16/2023 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 132 
 3/16/2023 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 160 
 4/20/2023 
 7 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 121 
 5/16/2023 
 5 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 156 
 6/19/2023 
 7 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 138 
 7/18/2023 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 146 
 8/16/2023 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 146 
 9/18/2023 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 148 
 10/18/2023 
 7 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 140 
 11/16/2023 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 142 
 12/18/2023 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 150 
 1/17/2024 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency forward contract 
 AUD 
 143 
 2/16/2024 
 6 
 
 Unrealized gain on foreign currency
 forward contracts 
 
 Foreign currency
 forward contract 
 AUD 
 15,410 
 3/18/2024 
 635 
 
 Unrealized gain
 on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Total 

802 
 (217 

F- 45 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020, the Company recognized net change in unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency forward contracts of 711, 742 and 157),
respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized net realized gain (loss) on foreign currency forward contracts
of 664, 29 and zero, respectively. 

Note 9. Income Taxes 

The Company has elected to be treated, currently
qualifies and intends to qualify annually as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, the Company is not taxed on any investment
company taxable income or capital gains that it distributes to stockholders. The Company intends to distribute all of its investment company
taxable income and capital gains annually. Accordingly, no provision for U.S. federal income tax has been made in the consolidated financial
statements. 

Dividends from net investment income and distributions
from net realized capital gains are determined in accordance with U.S. federal tax regulations, which may differ from amounts in accordance
with GAAP and those differences could be material. These book-to-tax differences are either temporary or permanent in nature. Reclassifications
due to permanent book-to-tax differences have no impact on net assets. 

The following permanent differences were reclassified
for tax purposes: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Increase (decrease) in capital in excess of par value 

(472) 

(388) 

(72) 
 
 Increase (decrease) in accumulated undistributed (overdistributed) earnings 

472 

388 

72 

Taxable income generally differs from net increase
(decrease) in net assets resulting from operations for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the
recognition of income and expenses and generally excludes unrealized gain (loss) on investments as investment gains and losses are not
included in taxable income until they are realized. 

Capital losses
in excess of capital gains earned in a tax year may generally be carried forward and used to offset capital gains, subject to
certain limitations. Under the Regulated Investment Company Modernization Act of 2010, capital losses incurred after September 30,
2011 are not subject to expiration and retain their character as either short-term or long-term capital losses. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company had short-term capital loss carryforwards of 18 and zero, respectively. As of both December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had long-term capital loss carryforwards of zero. 

The following table reconciles net increase in
net assets resulting from operations to taxable income: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 45,841 
 27,923 
 7,990 
 
 Net change in unrealized (gain) loss 
 4,618 
 (9,724 
 1,041 
 
 Other income (loss) for tax but not book 
 712 
 741 
 (157 
 
 Other income not currently taxable 
 (586 
 (693 
 (59 
 
 Expenses not currently deductible 
 (566 
 1,270 
 72 
 
 Total taxable income 
 50,019 
 19,517 
 8,887 

For 
income tax purposes, distributions paid to stockholders are reported as ordinary income, return of capital, long term capital gains or
a combination thereof. The following table provides the tax character of distributions paid: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Ordinary income 

44,332 

20,889 

7,591 

Long-term capital gains 

441 

15 

Return of capital 

388 

Total 

44,332 

21,718 

7,606 

F- 46 

The
Company s consolidated Taxable Subsidiaries may be subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. For the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a net tax expense of approximately 43 , zero and zero, respectively, for these
Taxable Subsidiaries. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the estimated cost basis of investments for U.S. federal income tax purposes was 1,465,543, resulting in estimated
net unrealized gain of 3,453, comprised of estimated gross unrealized gains and losses of 5,108 and 1,655 , respectively.
As of December 31, 2021, the estimated cost basis of investments for U.S. federal income tax purposes was 697,019, resulting in estimated
net unrealized gain of 7,871, comprised of estimated gross unrealized gains and losses of 8,004 and 133, respectively. 

Note 10. Distributions 

The Company s distributions to common stockholders
are recorded on the applicable record date. The following tables summarize the distributions declared during the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively: 

Date 
Declared 
 
 Record 
Date 
 
 Payment 
Date (1) 
 
 Amount 
Per Share 

Distribution 
 Declared 

Year ended December 31, 2022: 

January 4, 2022 
 
 January 4, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2022 

0.07 

2,439 

January 4, 2022 
 
 February 1, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2022 

0.07 

2,439 

January 4, 2022 
 
 March 1, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2022 

0.06 

2,435 

April 1, 2022 
 
 April 18, 2022 
 
 June 30, 2022 

0.07 

3,222 

April 1, 2022 
 
 May 16, 2022 
 
 June 30, 2022 

0.07 

3,223 

April 1, 2022 
 
 June 17, 2022 
 
 June 30, 2022 

0.06 

3,730 

July 1, 2022 
 
 July 15, 2022 
 
 September 30, 2022 

0.07 

3,759 

July 1, 2022 
 
 August 15, 2022 
 
 September 30, 2022 

0.07 

3,759 

July 1, 2022 
 
 September 16, 2022 
 
 September 30, 2022 

0.06 

4,321 

October 12, 2022 
 
 October 17, 2022 
 
 December 30, 2022 

0.08 

4,794 

October 12, 2022 
 
 November 14, 2022 
 
 December 30, 2022 

0.07 

4,787 

October 12, 2022 
 
 December 16, 2022 
 
 December 30, 2022 

0.07 

5,424 

Total distributions declared 

0.82 

44,332 

Date Declared 
 Record Date 
 Payment Date (1) 
 Amount Per Share 
 Distribution Declared 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021: 

March 4, 2021 
 March 8, 2021 
 March 12, 2021 
 0.20 
 2,766 
 
 May 6, 2021 
 May 6, 2021 
 May 13, 2021 
 0.20 
 3,841 
 
 May 6, 2021 
 May 14, 2021 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.13 
 2,576 
 
 May 6, 2021 
 June 1, 2021 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.07 
 1,472 
 
 July 1, 2021 
 July 1, 2021 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.07 
 1,482 
 
 July 1, 2021 
 August 1, 2021 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.07 
 1,482 
 
 July 1, 2021 
 September 1, 2021 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.06 
 1,884 
 
 October 1, 2021 
 October 1, 2021 
 December 30, 2021 
 0.07 
 1,896 
 
 October 1, 2021 
 November 1, 2021 
 December 30, 2021 
 0.07 
 1,896 
 
 October 1, 2021 
 December 1, 2021 
 December 30, 2021 
 0.06 
 2,423 
 
 Total distributions declared 

1.00 
 21,718 

Date Declared 
 Record Date 
 Payment Date (1) 
 Amount Per Share 
 Distribution Declared 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020: 

May 13, 2020 
 May 13, 2020 
 May 20, 2020 
 0.20 
 1,764 
 
 August 6, 2020 
 August 6, 2020 
 August 13, 2020 
 0.20 
 2,116 
 
 November 9, 2020 
 November 9, 2020 
 November 13, 2020 
 0.20 
 2,339 
 
 Total distributions declared 

0.60 
 6,219 

(1) 
 The portion of the Company s distribution that is to be reinvested pursuant to the DRIP is issued to the Company s stockholders on the payment date. 

F- 47 

The following tables summarize the Company s
distributions reinvested during the years December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively: 

Payment Date 
 NAV Per Share 
 DRIP Shares Issued 
 DRIP Shares Value 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022: 

March 31, 2022 
 10.10 
 217,369 
 2,195 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 10.16 
 344,760 
 3,503 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 10.10 
 418,151 
 4,224 
 
 December 30, 2022 
 10.10 
 537,318 
 5,427 
 
 Total proceeds 
 
 1,517,598 
 15,349 

Payment Date 
 NAV Per Share 
 DRIP Shares Issued 
 DRIP Shares Value 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021: 

March 12, 2021 
 9.94 
 77,598 
 771 
 
 May 13, 2021 
 10.06 
 103,582 
 1,042 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 10.06 
 109,029 
 1,097 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 9.94 
 130,031 
 1,293 
 
 December 30, 2021 
 10.06 
 176,352 
 1,774 
 
 Total proceeds 
 
 596,592 
 5,977 

Payment Date 
 NAV Per Share 
 DRIP Shares Issued 
 DRIP Shares Value 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020: 

March 17, 2020 
 10.00 
 35,717 
 357 
 
 May 20, 2020 
 9.49 
 53,408 
 507 
 
 August 13, 2020 
 9.70 
 62,063 
 602 
 
 November 13, 2020 
 9.80 
 66,700 
 654 
 
 Total proceeds 
 
 217,888 
 2,120 

Note 11. Stock Issuances and Shares Repurchase Program 

Stock Issuances 

As of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares
of all classes of capital stock that the Company has the authority to issue was 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per
share. 

The
following tables summarize the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock during the years ended December 31,
2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Date 
 NAV Per Share 
 Shares Issued 
 Proceeds 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022: 

March 15, 2022 
 10.10 
 12,173,590 
 122,953 
 
 May 17, 2022 
 10.16 
 8,022,706 
 81,511 
 
 August 16, 2022 
 10.10 
 8,681,792 
 87,686 
 
 November 15, 2022 
 10.10 
 8,895,565 
 89,845 
 
 Total 
 
 37,773,653 
 381,995 

Date 
 NAV Per Share 
 Shares Issued 
 Proceeds 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021: 

March 15, 2021 
 9.74 
 5,301,797 
 51,639 
 
 May 18, 2021 
 9.86 
 2,792,748 
 27,537 
 
 August 18, 2021 
 9.94 
 6,086,569 
 60,500 
 
 November 17, 2021 
 10.06 
 7,959,940 
 80,077 
 
 Total 
 
 22,141,054 
 219,753 

F- 48 

Date 
 NAV Per Share 
 Shares Issued 
 Proceeds 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020: 

January 2, 2020 
 10.00 
 2,036,841 
 20,369 
 
 May 15, 2020 
 9.29 
 1,580,867 
 14,686 
 
 August 17, 2020 
 9.50 
 1,049,263 
 9,968 
 
 November 16, 2020 
 9.60 
 2,068,125 
 19,854 
 
 Total 
 
 6,735,096 
 64,877 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020, the Company also issued 1,517,598 shares for an aggregate value of 15,349, 596,592 shares for an aggregate value of 5,977
and 217,888 shares for an aggregate value of 2,120, respectively, under the DRIP as disclosed in Note 10. 

Share Repurchase Program 

During 2022, the Company commenced a quarterly
share repurchase program in which the Company intends to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of the shares of common stock outstanding
as of the close of the previous calendar quarter (the Share Repurchase Program ), subject to the discretion of the Board.
Any such repurchases are subject to approval by the Board, in its discretion, and the availability of cash to fund such repurchases. The
Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program if it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest
and the best interest of the Company s stockholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter. The Company
intends to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and the 1940 Act and subject to compliance with applicable covenants and restrictions under the Company s financing arrangements.
All shares repurchased by the Company pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be redeemed and thereafter will be authorized and
unissued shares. 

The following table summarizes the total shares
repurchased that were validly tendered under the Share Repurchase Program and not withdrawn during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Date 
 Price Per Share 
 Shares Repurchased 
 Total Cost 
 
 For year ended December 31, 2022: 

April 15, 2022 
 10.10 
 641,640 
 6,480 
 
 June 16, 2022 
 10.16 
 333,527 
 3,389 
 
 September 16, 2022 
 10.10 
 139,216 
 1,406 
 
 December 15, 2022 
 10.10 
 208,828 
 2,110 
 
 Total 
 
 1,323,211 
 13,385 

There were no shares repurchased during the years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies 

Commitments :
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 319,237 and 125,204, respectively, in outstanding commitments to fund investments
under undrawn revolvers, delayed draw commitments and subscription agreements. Management believes that the Company s available
cash balances and/or ability to draw on the Credit Facility or raise additional leverage facilities provide sufficient funds to
cover its unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2022. 

Indemnifications: In the normal course
of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties that provide general
indemnification. The Company s maximum exposure under these agreements is unknown, as these involve future claims that may be made
against the Company but that have not occurred. The Company expects the risk of any future obligations under these indemnification provisions
to be remote. 

Concentration of credit and counterparty risk: 
Credit risk arises primarily from the potential inability of counterparties to perform in accordance with the terms of the contract. In
the event that the counterparties do not fulfill their obligations, the Company may be exposed to risk. The risk of default depends on
the creditworthiness of the counterparties or issuers of the instruments. It is the Company s policy to review, as necessary, the
credit standing of each counterparty. 

Market risk: The Company s investments
and borrowings are subject to market risk. Market risk is the potential for changes in the value due to market changes. Market risk is
directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the investments and borrowings are traded. 

F- 49 

Legal proceedings: In the normal course
of business, the Company may be subject to legal and regulatory proceedings that are generally incidental to its ongoing operations. While
there can be no assurance of the ultimate disposition of any such proceedings, the Company is not currently aware of any such proceedings
or disposition that would have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Note 13. Financial Highlights 

The
following is a schedule of financial highlights for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 : 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Per share data: 

Net asset value at beginning of period (1) 
 10.10 
 9.94 
 10.00 
 10.00 
 
 Net investment income (loss) (2) 
 0.90 
 0.76 
 0.85 
 0.57 
 
 Net gain (loss) (2) 
 (0.07 
 0.44 
 (0.10 
 0.22 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (2) 
 0.83 
 1.20 
 0.75 
 0.79 
 
 Stockholder distributions ordinary income 
 (0.82 
 (0.96 
 (0.60 
 (0.77 
 
 Stockholder distributions long-term capital gains 
 
 (0.02 

Stockholder distributions return of capital 
 
 (0.02 

Other (3) 
 0.02 
 (0.04 
 (0.21 
 (0.02 
 
 Net asset value at end of period 
 10.13 
 10.10 
 9.94 
 10.00 
 
 Total return based on average net asset value (4) 
 8.04 
 11.57 
 7.86 
 9.80 
 
 Ratio/Supplemental data: (7) 

Net assets at end of period 
 754,916 
 369,448 
 137,513 
 68,745 
 
 Shares outstanding at end of period 
 74,533,202 
 36,565,162 
 13,827,515 
 6,874,532 
 
 Portfolio turnover (5) 
 14.38 
 22.52 
 18.55 
 10.43 
 
 Ratio of total investment income to average net assets (6) 
 16.08 
 13.31 
 12.86 
 12.53 
 
 Ratio of expenses to average net assets with waivers and expense reimbursement (6) 
 7.34 
 5.97 
 4.02 
 5.16 

(1) The beginning net asset value for 2019 represents the initial
price on January 15, 2019. 

(2) The per share data was derived by using the weighted average
shares outstanding during the periods presented. 

(3) Includes the impact of different share amounts used in calculating
per share data as a result of calculating certain per share data based on weighted average shares outstanding during the year
and certain per share data based on shares outstanding as of a year end or transaction date. 

(4) Total return based on average net asset value is calculated
by dividing the net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations by the average net asset value. 

(5) Ratios for the period January 15, 2019 to December 31, 2019
are not annualized. 

(6) Ratios for the period January 15, 2019 to December 31, 2019
are not annualized. Incentive fees included within the ratios are not annualized. 

(7) The following is a schedule of supplemental ratios for the years
presented. 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Ratio
 of expenses to average net assets without waivers and expense reimbursement (6) 
 7.90 
 7.57 
 6.82 
 8.68 
 
 Ratio
 of net investment income (loss) to average net assets without waivers and expense reimbursement (6) 
 8.18 
 5.74 
 6.04 
 3.85 
 
 Ratio
 of net investment income (loss) to average net assets with waivers and expense reimbursement (6) 
 8.74 
 7.34 
 8.84 
 7.37 

Note 14. Subsequent Events 

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through
March 15, 2023, the date on which the consolidated financial statements were issued. 

On January 13, 2023, the Board declared the following
distributions: 

Record Date 
 Payment Date 
 Amount Per Share 
 
 January 17, 2023 
 March 31, 2023 
 0.0834 
 
 February 15, 2023 
 March 31, 2023 
 0.0833 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 March 31, 2023 
 0.0833 
 
 Total dividends declared 
 
 0.2500 

On February 3, 2023, the Company increased the
facility amount pursuant to the accordion feature of the Term Loan from 100,000 of aggregate commitments to 155,000 of aggregate commitments
and the Company borrowed up to the new aggregate commitments under the Term Loan. 

F- 50 

Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description of Document 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (1) 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (2) 

3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws (1) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Expense Agreement between the Company and MC Management (1) 

10.2 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement between the Company and MC Advisors (6) 

10.3 
 
 Administration Agreement between the Company and MC Management (2) 

10.4 
 
 License Agreement between the Company and Monroe Capital, LLC (2) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (2) 

10.6 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan (2) 

10.7 
 
 Custody Agreement between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian (3) 

10.8 
 
 Transfer Agent agreement between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as transfer agent (3) 

10.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as borrower; the Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator and document custodian (6) 

10.10 
 
 Purchase and Contribution Agreement between MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as buyer, and the Company, as seller (5) 

10.11 
 
 Account Control Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as pledgor; the Company, as collateral manager; U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as collateral agent, as secured party and securities intermediary (5) 

10.12 
 
 Facility Amount Increase to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as borrower; the Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator and document custodian. (4) 

10.13 
 
 First Amendment and Waiver to the Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as borrower; the Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; and U.S. Bank National Associated, as collateral agent, collateral administrator and document custodian. (7) 

10.14 
 
 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as borrower; the Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator and document custodian. (8) 

10.15 
 
 Facility Amount Increase to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as borrower; the Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator and document custodian. (8) 

10.16 
 
 Facility Amount Increase to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as borrower; the Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator and document custodian. (9) 

10.17 
 
 Facility Amount Increase to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as borrower; the Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator and document custodian. (10) 

10.18 
 
 Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as borrower; the Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator and document custodian. (11) 

10.19 
 
 Facility Amount Increase to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as borrower; the Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator and document custodian. (12) 

10.20 
 
 Facility Amount Increase to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as borrower; the Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator and document custodian. (13) 

10.21 
 
 Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC, as borrower; the Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent, collateral administrator and document custodian. (14) 

10.22 
 
 Indenture, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and between Monroe Capital Income Plus ABS Funding, LLC, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. (15) 

10.23 
 
 Collateral Management Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and between Monroe Capital Income Plus ABS Funding, LLC, as Issuer, and Monroe Capital BDC Advisors, LLC, as Collateral Manager. (15) 

10.24 
 
 Loan Sale Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and between Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, as Seller, and Monroe Capital Income Plus ABS Funding, LLC, as Buyer. (15) 

10.25 
 
 Fee Waiver Letter delivered to Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation by Monroe Capital BDC Advisors, LLC, dated April 18, 2022. (16) 

10.26 
 
 Fee Waiver Letter delivered to Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation by Monroe Capital BDC Advisors, LLC, dated July 28, 2022. (18) 

10.27 Term Credit
 and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, as borrower; the Company,
 as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National Association,
 as administrative agent and lead arranger; U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
 as collateral agent and collateral administrator; and U.S. Bank National Association, as
 document custodian. (19) 

10.28 Purchase and Contribution
 Agreement between MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, as buyer, and the Company, as seller. (19) 

10.29 Account Control Agreement
 among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, as pledger; the company, as collateral manager;
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as collateral agent, as secured
 party; and U.S. Bank National Association, as securities intermediary. (19) 

10.30 First Amendment to the Term
 Credit and Security Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, as borrower; the
 Company, as collateral manager; the lenders from time to time parties thereto; KeyBank National
 Association, as administrative agent and lead arranger; U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
 Association, as collateral agent and collateral administrator; and U.S. Bank National Association,
 as document custodian. 

78 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

(1) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to amendment no. 1 to the registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-55941) filed with the SEC on July 30, 2018 

(2) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2018 

(3) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2018 

(4) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 9, 2019 

(5) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2019 

(6) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5, 2020 

(7) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 19, 2020 

(8) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 15, 2021 

(9) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021 

(10) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021 

(11) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 22, 2021 

(12) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021 

(13) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19, 2021 

(14) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 22, 2021 

(15) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2022 

(16) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2022 

(17) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022 

(18) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022. 

(19) 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2022. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

79 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 15, 2023 

Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation (Registrant) 

By 
 /s/ Theodore L. Koenig 

Theodore L. Koenig 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By 
 /s/ Lewis W. Solimene, Jr. 

Lewis W. Solimene, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Theodore L. Koenig 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Theodore L. Koenig 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Lewis W. Solimene, Jr. 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Lewis W. Solimene, Jr. 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Russel Miron 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Russel Miron 

/s/ Roger Schoenfeld 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Roger Schoenfeld 

/s/ Thomas J. Allison 
 
 Director 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Thomas J. Allison 

80 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 tm231050d1_ex4-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

The following
is a brief description of the securities of Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation (the Company, we, our 
or us registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
This description of the terms of our shares of common stock, par value 0.001 Shares, each a Share does
not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of Maryland General
Corporation Law, and the full text of our charter and bylaws. As of December 31, 2022 and the date hereof, our common stock is the
only class of our securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

General 

Under the terms of our charter, our authorized
stock consists solely of 100,000,000 Shares, par value 0.001 per Share, and no shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share.
There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our stock. No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation
plan. Under Maryland law, our stockholders generally are not personally liable for our debts or obligations. Under our charter, our board
of directors (the Board is authorized to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series
of stock and authorize the issuance of the shares of stock without obtaining stockholder approval. As permitted by the Maryland General
Corporation Law, our charter provides that the Board, without any action by our stockholders, may amend the charter from time to time
to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority
to issue. 

The following are our outstanding classes of securities
as of March 14, 2023: 

(1) Title of Class 
 (2) Amount Authorized 
 (3) Amount Held by Us or for Our Account 
 (4) Amount Outstanding Exclusive of Amounts Shown Under (3) 
 
 Common stock 
 100,000,000 
 
 74,533,202 

Common Stock 

All shares of our common stock have equal rights
as to earnings, assets, voting, and dividends and other distributions and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when authorized by our Board and
declared by us out of funds legally available therefor. Shares of our common stock have no preemptive, exchange, conversion or redemption
rights and are freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. In
the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of our
assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights
of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one
vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other
class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock possess exclusive voting power. 

Preferred Stock 

Our charter authorizes our Board to classify and
reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock, including preferred stock. The cost of any such reclassification
would be borne by our existing common stockholders. Prior to issuance of shares of each class or series, the Board is required by Maryland
law and by our charter to set the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends
or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. Thus, the Board could authorize
the issuance of shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a
transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interest.
You should note, however, that any issuance of preferred stock must comply with the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act limits our flexibility as to certain rights and preferences of the preferred stock
that our charter may provide and requires, among other things, that (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend or other distribution
is made with respect to our common stock and before any purchase of common stock is made, such preferred stock together with all other
senior securities must not exceed an amount equal to 50 of our total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution
or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the holders of shares of preferred stock, if any are issued, must be entitled as a class
to elect two directors at all times and to elect a majority of the directors if and so long as dividends on such preferred stock are in
arrears by two full years or more. Certain matters under the 1940 Act require the separate vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding
preferred stock. For example, holders of preferred stock would vote separately from the holders of common stock on a proposal to cease
operations as a business development company. We believe that the availability for issuance of preferred stock will provide us with increased
flexibility in structuring future financings and acquisitions. However, we do not currently have any plans to issue preferred stock. 

Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers; Indemnification
and Advance of Expenses 

Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to
include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money
damages except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b)
active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action. Our charter contains such a
provision that eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, subject to the
requirements of the 1940 Act. 

Our charter authorizes us, to the maximum extent
permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any
individual who, while serving as our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment
trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner or trustee, from and
against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her service
in any such capacity and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Our bylaws obligate
us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify any present or former
director or officer or any individual who, while serving as our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation,
real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner
or trustee and who is made, or threatened to be made, a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity from
and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her service
in any such capacity and to pay or reimburse his or her reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Our bylaws
also provide that, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, with the approval of our Board and provided that certain conditions
described in our bylaws are met, we may pay certain expenses incurred by any such indemnified person in advance of the final disposition
of a proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such indemnified person to repay amounts we have so paid if it is ultimately
determined that indemnification of such expenses is not authorized under our bylaws. In accordance with the 1940 Act, we will not indemnify
any person for any liability to which such person would be subject by reason of such person s willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross
negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office. 

Maryland law requires a corporation (unless its
charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise,
in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service in that
capacity. Maryland law permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments,
penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be
made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (a) the
act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (1) was committed in bad faith
or (2) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (b) the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit
in money, property or services or (c) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe
that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in
a suit by or in the right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received
unless, in either, case a court orders indemnification, and then only for expenses. In addition, Maryland law permits a corporation to
advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer in advance of final disposition of a proceeding upon the corporation s receipt
of (a) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct
necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (b) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount
paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 

We intend to enter into indemnification agreements
with our directors. The indemnification agreements provide our directors the maximum indemnification permitted under Maryland law and
the 1940 Act. 

Our insurance policy does not currently provide
coverage for claims, liabilities and expenses that may arise out of activities that our present or former directors or officers have performed
for another entity at our request. There is no assurance that such entities will in fact carry such insurance. However, we note that we
do not expect to request our present or former directors or officers to serve another entity as a director, officer, partner or trustee
unless we can obtain insurance providing coverage for such persons for any claims, liabilities or expenses that may arise out of their
activities while serving in such capacities. 

Certain Provisions of the Maryland General
Corporation Law and Our Charter and Bylaws 

The Maryland General Corporation Law and our
charter and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of a tender offer,
proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids
and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board. We believe that the benefits of these provisions
outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such
proposals may improve their terms. 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our Board is divided into three classes of directors
serving staggered three-year terms. Directors of each class are elected to serve for three-year terms and until their successors are duly
elected and qualify and each year one class of directors is elected by the stockholders. A classified board may render a change in control
of us or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. We believe, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of
a classified Board will help to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies. 

Election of Directors 

Our charter and bylaws provide that the affirmative
vote of the holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote in the election of directors cast at a meeting
of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present will be required to elect a director. There is no cumulative voting in the
election of directors. Pursuant to our charter, our Board may amend the bylaws to alter the vote required to elect directors. 

Number of Directors; Vacancies; Removal 

Our charter provides that the number of directors
will be set by the Board in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire Board may at any time increase
or decrease the number of directors. However, unless our bylaws are amended, the number of directors may never be less than one or more
than twelve. Our charter provides that, at such time as we have at least three independent directors and our common stock is registered
under the Exchange Act, we elect to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the Maryland General Corporation Law regarding
the filling of vacancies on the Board. Accordingly, at such time, except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of any class
or series of preferred stock, any and all vacancies on the Board may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining
directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve
for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies, subject
to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. 

Our charter provides that a director may be removed
only for cause, as defined in our charter, and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast
in the election of directors. 

Action by Stockholders 

Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, stockholder
action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting (unless
the charter provides for stockholder action by less than unanimous written consent, which our charter does not). These provisions, combined
with the requirements of our bylaws regarding the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders discussed below,
may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next annual meeting. 

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder
Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 

Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual
meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders
may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the Board or (3) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting
and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business
specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board at a special
meeting may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the Board or (3) provided that the Board has determined that
directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance
notice provisions of the bylaws. 

The purpose of requiring stockholders to give
us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our Board a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of
the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our Board,
to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure
for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our bylaws do not give our Board any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for
the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election
of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third-party
from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether
consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 

Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders
may be called by our Board and certain of our officers. Additionally, our bylaws provide that, subject to the satisfaction of certain
procedural and informational requirements by the stockholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of stockholders will be called
by the secretary of the corporation upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes
entitled to be cast at such meeting. 

Approval of Extraordinary Corporate Action;
Amendment of Charter and Bylaws 

Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally
cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar
transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least
two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of
these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter
generally provides for approval of charter amendments and extraordinary transactions by the stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority
of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter also provides that certain charter amendments, any proposal for our conversion,
whether by charter amendment, merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company and any proposal for our liquidation
or dissolution requires the approval of the stockholders entitled to cast at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter.
However, if such amendment or proposal is approved by 75 or more of our continuing directors (in addition to approval by our Board),
such amendment or proposal may be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such a matter. The continuing directors 
are defined in our charter as (1) our current directors, (2) those directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose
election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of our current directors then on the Board or (3) any successor
directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority
of continuing directors or the successor continuing directors then in office. 

Our charter and bylaws provide that the Board
will have the exclusive power to adopt, alter, amend or repeal any provision of our bylaws and to make new bylaws. 

No Appraisal Rights 

Except with respect to appraisal rights arising
in connection with the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act discussed below, as permitted by the Maryland General Corporation Law, our
charter provides that stockholders will not be entitled to exercise appraisal rights unless a majority of the Board shall determine such
rights apply. 

Control Share Acquisitions 

The Maryland General Corporation Law provides
that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved
by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter (the Control Share Acquisition Act ). Shares owned
by the acquiror, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter.
Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which
the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle
the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 

one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 

one-third or more but less than a majority; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

The requisite stockholder approval must be obtained
each time an acquiror crosses one of the thresholds of voting power set forth above. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring
person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the
acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 

A person who has made or proposes to make a control
share acquisition may compel the board of directors of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50
days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction
of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation
may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 

If voting rights are not approved at the meeting
or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem
for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the
corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations, including, as provided in our bylaws compliance
with the 1940 Act. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of
the last control share acquisition by the acquirer or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered
and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote
a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined
for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 

The Control Share Acquisition Act does not apply (a) to shares acquired
in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted
by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share Acquisition Act any and all
acquisitions by any person of our shares of stock. There can be no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at
any time in the future. However, we will amend our bylaws to be subject to the Control Share Acquisition Act only if our Board determines
that it would be in our best interests to do so, including in light of the Board s fiduciary obligations, applicable federal and
state laws, and the particular facts and circumstances surrounding the Board s decision. 

Business Combinations 

Under Maryland law, business combinations 
between a corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the
most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder (the Business Combination Act ). These
business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer
or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: 

any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock; or 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

A person is not an interested stockholder under
this statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the stockholder otherwise would have become an interested
stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or
after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. 

After the five-year prohibition, any business
combination between the corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation
and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 

80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 

These super-majority vote requirements do not
apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form
of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 

The statute permits various exemptions from its
provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder
becomes an interested stockholder. Our Board has adopted a resolution that any business combination between us and any other person is
exempted from the provisions of the Business Combination Act, provided that the business combination is first approved by the Board, including
a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. This resolution may be altered or repealed in whole
or in part at any time. However, our Board will adopt resolutions so as to make us subject to the provisions of the Business Combination
Act only if our Board determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination that
our being subject to the Business Combination Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. If this resolution is repealed, or the Board does
not otherwise approve a business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the
difficulty of consummating any offer. 

Conflict with the 1940 Act 

Our bylaws provide that, if and to the extent
that any provision of the Maryland General Corporation Law, including the Control Share Acquisition Act (if we amend our bylaws to be
subject to such Act) and the Business Combination Act, or any provision of our charter or bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940
Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 

Dividend Reinvestment Plan 

We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan, pursuant to which stockholders
may elect to have their cash dividends and distributions automatically reinvested in additional Shares, rather than receiving cash dividends
and distributions. Stockholders can elect to opt in to the Fund s dividend reinvestment plan by notifying MC Advisors
in writing so that such notice is received by MC Advisors no later than ten days prior to the record date for a distribution. As a result,
if the Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our stockholders who have opted in to our dividend
reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional Shares rather than receiving the cash dividend
or other distribution. Any fractional Share otherwise issuable to a participant in the dividend reinvestment plan will instead be paid
in cash. 

The number of shares to be issued to a stockholder under the dividend
reinvestment plan will be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such stockholder by the net asset
value per Share, as of the last day of our calendar quarter immediately preceding the date such distribution was declared. We intend to
use newly issued Shares to implement the plan. 

A registered stockholder that wishes to participate in the dividend
reinvestment plan must elect to have his, her, or its dividend reinvested in additional Shares by notifying MC Advisors in writing so
that such notice is received by MC Advisors no later than ten days prior to the record date for distributions to the stockholders. 

There are no brokerage charges or other charges to stockholders who
participate in the plan. 

The plan is terminable by us upon notice in writing mailed to each
stockholder of record at least 30 days prior to any record date for the payment of any distribution by us 

Application for Exemptive Relief to Offer Multiple Classes of our
Common Stock 

We have submitted an application to the SEC requesting exemptive relief
that would permit us to offer multiple classes of common stock that may have varying sales loads and asset-based service and/or distribution
fees. To the extent we receive such relief and offer multiple class of shares, we will be subject to additional regulatory requirements
and will incur additional costs related to such additional regulatory requirements. No assurances can be given that we will receive such
requested exemptive relief. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.30>
 3
 tm231050d1_ex10-30.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.30

E xhibit
 10.30 

Execution
Version 

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO 
 TERM CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT TO TERM CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT ,
dated as of February 2, 2023 (the Amendment ), is made pursuant to that certain Term Credit and Security Agreement
dated as of December 20, 2022 (as may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Agreement ),
among MC INCOME PLUS FINANCING SPV II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (together with its permitted successors
and assigns, the Borrower ); MONROE CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION, a Maryland corporation, as the collateral
manager (together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Collateral Manager ); the LENDERS from time
to time party hereto; KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined) (in
such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ); U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, together with its
successors and assigns, the Collateral Agent ); U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as document custodian (in
such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Document Custodian ); and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as collateral administrator (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Collateral
Administrator ). Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement have the same meanings when used herein. 

W
i t n e s s e t h : 

Whereas,
 the Borrower, the Collateral Manager, the Lenders,
the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian and the Collateral Administrator have previously entered
into and are currently party to the Agreement; 

Whereas ,
the Borrower has requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders make certain amendments to the Agreement and the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders are willing to do so under the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment; 

Now,
Therefore, for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 

Section
1. Amendments. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 below, the Agreement shall
be, and it hereby is, amended with text marked in underline 
indicating additions to the Agreement and with text marked in strikethrough 
indicating deletions to the Agreement as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Section
2. Conditions Precedent. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of all of the following conditions
precedent: 

2.1. The
Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Collateral Manager and the Required Lenders shall have executed and delivered this Amendment. 

2.2. Legal
matters incident to the execution and delivery of this Amendment shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

Section 3. Representations
of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager. Each of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager hereby represent and warrant to
the parties hereto that, after giving effect to this Amendment, each of their respective representations and warranties contained
in Article IV of the Agreement and any other Facility Documents to which they are a party are true and correct in all material
respects as of the date hereof (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date,
in which case such representations and warranties are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 

Section 4. Post-Closing
Covenant of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager. Each of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager shall take such reasonable
action to ensure that the Administrative Agent receives, not later than 30 days following the date of this Amendment, the legal
opinion of Winston Strawn LLP, counsel to the Borrower and the Collateral Manager, covering true sale matters. 

Section
5. Agreement in Full Force and Effect. Except as specifically amended herein, the Agreement shall continue in full force
and effect in accordance with its original terms and the liens created and provided for by the Facility Documents remain in full
force and effect and continue to secure, among other things, the performance of all of the Borrower s Obligations under
the Facility Documents and the Agreement as amended hereby. Reference to this specific Amendment need not be made in the Agreement
or any other instrument or document executed in connection therewith, or in any certificate, letter or communication issued or
made pursuant to or with respect to the Agreement, any reference in any of such items to the Agreement being sufficient to refer
to the Agreement as amended hereby. 

Section
6. Execution in Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed and delivered in any number of counterparts (including by
facsimile or electronic transmission (including .pdf file, .jpeg file or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal
ESIGN Act of 2000, including DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager and
reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Administrative Agent)), each of which shall be deemed an original, and
all of which together constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart signature page of this Amendment
by facsimile or any such electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment
and shall have the same legal validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law. Any electronically signed document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized officer shall
be considered signed or executed by such authorized officer on behalf of the applicable person. The Administrative Agent shall
have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such electronic signature and shall be entitled
to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto. 

- 2 - 

Section
7. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of New York, without reference to conflict of law principles, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the
parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 

[Signature
Pages To Follow] 

- 3 - 

In
Witness Whereof , the parties hereto have caused
this First Amendment to Term Credit and Security Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of
the date hereof. 

MC INCOME PLUS FINANCING SPV II LLC , as Borrower 

By: Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, as Designated Manager 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

MONROE CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION , as Collateral Manager 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Term
Credit and Security Agreement] 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , individually as a Lender and as Administrative Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Term
Credit and Security Agreement] 

EXHIBIT
A TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO 

 TERM
CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

[ATTACHED] 

Execution
Version 
 Conformed Through First Amendment Dated as of February 2, 2023 

Term
Credit and Security Agreement 

among 

MC
Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC , 
as Borrower, 

Monroe
Capital Income Plus Corporation , 
as Collateral Manager 

the
Lenders from time to time parties hereto , 

KeyBank
National Association, 

 as
Administrative Agent 

KeyBank
National Association , 
as Lead Arranger 

U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association , 
as Collateral Agent 

U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association , 
as Collateral Administrator 

and 

U.S.
Bank National Association , 
as Document Custodian 

Dated
as of December 20, 2022 

Table
of Contents 

Section 
 Heading 
 Page 

Article
 I Definitions; Rules of Construction; Computations 
 1 

Section 1.01. 
 Definitions 
 1 
 
 Section 1.02. 
 Rules of Construction 
 50 
 
 Section 1.03. 
 Computation of Time Periods 
 50 
 
 Section 1.04. 
 Collateral Value Calculation Procedures 
 51 
 
 Section 1.05. 
 Reserved 
 52 
 
 Section 1.06. 
 Benchmark Notification 
 53 

Article
 II The Term Loan 
 53 

Section 2.01. 
 Term Credit Facility 
 53 
 
 Section 2.02. 
 Making of the Term Loan 
 53 
 
 Section 2.03. 
 Evidence of Indebtedness 
 54 
 
 Section 2.04. 
 Payment of Principal and Interest 
 54 
 
 Section 2.05. 
 Prepayment of the Term Loan 
 56 
 
 Section 2.06. 
 Reserved 
 57 
 
 Section 2.07. 
 Maximum Lawful Rate 
 57 
 
 Section 2.08. 
 Several Obligations 
 57 
 
 Section 2.09. 
 Increased Costs 
 57 
 
 Section 2.10. 
 Compensation; Breakage Payments 
 59 
 
 Section 2.11. 
 Regulatory Change; Capital Adequacy; Illegality 
 59 
 
 Section 2.12. 
 Rescission or Return of Payment 
 61 
 
 Section 2.13. 
 Past Due Interest 
 61 
 
 Section 2.14. 
 Payments Generally 
 61 
 
 Section 2.15. 
 Increase in Facility Amount 
 62 
 
 Section 2.16. 
 Reserved 
 62 
 
 Section 2.17. 
 Reserved 
 62 
 
 Section 2.18. 
 Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event 
 62 

Article
 III Conditions Precedent 
 64 

Section 3.01. 
 Conditions Precedent to Term Loan 
 64 

Article
 IV Representations and Warranties 
 67 

Section 4.01. 
 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower 
 67 
 
 Section 4.02. 
 Representations and Warranties of the Collateral Manager 
 72 

Article
 V Covenants 
 75 

Section 5.01. 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower 
 75 
 
 Section 5.02. 
 Negative Covenants of the Borrower 
 81 
 
 Section 5.03. 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Collateral Manager 
 85 

- i - 

Section 5.04. 
 Negative Covenants of the Collateral Manager 
 87 
 
 Section 5.05. 
 Certain Undertakings Relating to Separateness 
 88 

Article
 VI Events of Default 
 90 

Section 6.01. 
 Events of Default 
 90 
 
 Section 6.02. 
 Remedies upon an Event of Default 
 93 
 
 Section 6.03. 
 Collateral Manager Termination Events 
 94 
 
 Section 6.04. 
 Remedies upon a Collateral Manager Termination Event 
 96 

Article
 VII Pledge of Collateral; Rights of the Collateral Agent 
 97 

Section 7.01. 
 Grant of Security 
 97 
 
 Section 7.02. 
 Release of Security Interest 
 98 
 
 Section 7.03. 
 Rights and Remedies 
 98 
 
 Section 7.04. 
 Remedies Cumulative 
 99 
 
 Section 7.05. 
 Related Documents 
 99 
 
 Section 7.06. 
 Borrower Remains Liable 
 99 
 
 Section 7.07. 
 Protection of Collateral 
 100 

Article
 VIII Accounts, Accountings and Releases 
 101 

Section 8.01. 
 Collection of Money 
 101 
 
 Section 8.02. 
 Collection Account 
 101 
 
 Section 8.03. 
 Transaction Accounts 
 102 
 
 Section 8.04. 
 Reserved 
 103 
 
 Section 8.05. 
 Reinvestment of Funds in Covered Accounts 
 103 
 
 Section 8.06. 
 Accountings 
 104 
 
 Section 8.07. 
 Release of Collateral 
 104 
 
 Section 8.08. 
 [Reserved] 
 105 
 
 Section 8.09. 
 Covered Account Details 
 105 
 
 Section 8.10. 
 Delivery of Reports, Notices, Etc. 
 105 

Article
 IX Application of Monies 
 106 

Section 9.01. 
 Disbursements of Monies from Payment Account 
 106 

Article
 X Sale of Collateral Loans; Purchase of Additional Loans 
 109 

Section 10.01. 
 Sales of Collateral Loans 
 109 
 
 Section 10.02. 
 Purchase of Additional Loans 
 111 
 
 Section 10.03. 
 Substitution and Transfer of Loans 
 111 
 
 Section 10.04. 
 Conditions Applicable to All Sale, Substitution and
Purchase Transactions 
 112 
 
 Section 10.05. 
 Additional Equity Contributions 
 113 

Article
 XI Administration and Servicing of Contracts 
 114 

Section 11.01. 
 Designation of the Collateral Manager 
 114 

- ii - 

Section 11.02. 
 Duties of the Collateral Manager 
 114 
 
 Section 11.03. 
 Liability of the Collateral Manager; Indemnification
of the Collateral Manager Persons 
 116 
 
 Section 11.04. 
 Authorization of the Collateral Manager 
 117 
 
 Section 11.05. 
 Realization Upon Defaulted Loans 
 118 
 
 Section 11.06. 
 Collateral Management Compensation 
 118 
 
 Section 11.07. 
 Payment of Certain Expenses by Collateral Manager 
 118 
 
 Section 11.08. 
 The Collateral Manager Not to Resign; Assignment 
 118 
 
 Section 11.09. 
 Appointment of Successor Collateral Manager 
 119 

Article
 XII The Agents 
 122 

Section 12.01. 
 Authorization and Action 
 122 
 
 Section 12.02. 
 Delegation of Duties 
 123 
 
 Section 12.03. 
 Agent s Reliance, Etc. 
 123 
 
 Section 12.04. 
 Indemnification 
 126 
 
 Section 12.05. 
 Successor Agents 
 127 
 
 Section 12.06. 
 Administrative Agent s Capacity as a Lender 
 127 
 
 Section 12.07. 
 Compensation of Collateral Agent 
 127 
 
 Section 12.08. 
 Recovery of Erroneous Payments 
 127 

Article
 XIII Reserved 
 129 

Article
 XIV The Document Custodian 
 129 

Section 14.01. 
 Designation of Document Custodian 
 129 
 
 Section 14.02. 
 Duties of Document Custodian 
 130 
 
 Section 14.03. 
 Merger or Consolidation 
 134 
 
 Section 14.04. 
 Document Custodian Compensation and Indemnification 
 134 
 
 Section 14.05. 
 Document Custodian Resignation and Removal 
 135 
 
 Section 14.06. 
 Limitation on Liability 
 135 
 
 Section 14.07. 
 Delivery of Related Documents 
 137 
 
 Section 14.08. 
 Release of Related Documents 
 138 
 
 Section 14.09. 
 Return of Related Documents 
 138 
 
 Section 14.10. 
 Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding
the Collateral; Audits 
 139 
 
 Section 14.11. 
 Representations and Warranties of the Document Custodian 
 139 
 
 Section 14.12. 
 Covenants of the Document Custodian 
 140 
 
 Section 14.13. 
 Transmission of Related Documents 
 141 
 
 Section 14.14. 
 Document Custodian as Agent of Collateral Agent 
 141 

Article
 XV The Collateral Administrator 
 142 

Section 15.01. 
 Powers and Duties of Collateral Administrator 
 142 
 
 Section 15.02. 
 Compensation. 
 144 

- iii - 

Section 15.03. 
 Limitation of Responsibility of the Collateral Administrator;
Indemnification 
 144 
 
 Section 15.04. 
 Termination of Collateral Administrator 
 146 
 
 Section 15.05. 
 Representations and Warranties of the Collateral Administrator 
 147 
 
 Section 15.06. 
 Successors and Assigns 
 148 
 
 Section 15.07. 
 Joint Venture 
 148 

Article
 XVI Miscellaneous 
 149 

Section 16.01. 
 No Waiver; Modifications in Writing 
 149 
 
 Section 16.02. 
 Notices, Etc. 
 149 
 
 Section 16.03. 
 Taxes 
 150 
 
 Section 16.04. 
 Costs and Expenses; Indemnification 
 153 
 
 Section 16.05. 
 Execution in Counterparts 
 155 
 
 Section 16.06. 
 Assignability 
 156 
 
 Section 16.07. 
 Governing Law 
 159 
 
 Section 16.08. 
 Severability of Provisions 
 159 
 
 Section 16.09. 
 Confidentiality 
 159 
 
 Section 16.10. 
 Merger 
 160 
 
 Section 16.11. 
 Survival 
 160 
 
 Section 16.12. 
 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers; Service of Process;
Etc. 
 160 
 
 Section 16.13. 
 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 161 
 
 Section 16.14. 
 Judgment Currency 
 161 
 
 Section 16.15. 
 Waiver of Setoff 
 162 
 
 Section 16.16. 
 PATRIOT Act Notice 
 162 
 
 Section 16.17. 
 Legal Holidays 
 162 
 
 Section 16.18. 
 Non-Petition 
 162 
 
 Section 16.19. 
 No Fiduciary Duty 
 162 
 
 Section 16.20. 
 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 
 163 
 
 Section 16.21. 
 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In and EEA
Financial Institutions 
 164 

- iv - 

SCHEDULES 

Schedule 1 
 Commitments and Percentages 

Schedule 2 
 Forms of Monthly Report 

Schedule 3 
 Initial Collateral Loans 

Schedule 4 
 Moody s Industry Classifications 

Schedule 5 
 Notice Information 

Schedule 6 
 Covered Account Details 

Schedule 7 
 Risk Factor Rating 

Schedule 8 
 Closing Memorandum 

Schedule 9 
 Closing Date Participation Interests 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A 
 Notice of Borrowing 

Exhibit B 
 Form of Notice of Prepayment 

Exhibit C 
 Form of Assignment and Acceptance 

Exhibit D 
 Form of Account Control Agreement 

Exhibit E-1 
 Form of Release of Related Documents 

Exhibit E-2 
 Form of Certificate for Release of Related Documents 

Exhibit F 
 Form of Facility Amount Increase Request 

Exhibit G 
 Collateral Loans Certification 

Exhibit H 
 Form of Closing Certificate 

Exhibit I 
 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

Exhibit J 
 Form of Compliance Certificate 

Exhibit K 
 Reserved 

Exhibit L 
 Form of Custodial Certificate 

Exhibit M 
 Form of Substitute Loan Certification 

- v - 

Term Credit and Security Agreement 

Term
Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December
20, 2022, among MC INCOME PLUS FINANCING SPV II LLC , a Delaware limited liability
company, as borrower (together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Borrower ); Monroe
Capital Income Plus Corporation , a Maryland corporation, as the collateral manager (together with its permitted successors
and assigns, the Collateral Manager ); the Lenders from time
to time party hereto; KeyBank National Association , as administrative agent for
the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative
Agent ); U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association , as collateral
agent for the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Collateral
Agent ); U.S. Bank National Association , as document custodian (in such
capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Document Custodian ); and U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association , as collateral administrator (in such capacity, together with its successors and
assigns, the Collateral Administrator ). 

Recitals: 

WHEREAS,
the Borrower desires that the Lenders make a term loan on to the Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in this Agreement; and 

WHEREAS,
each Lender is willing to make such term loan to the Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants herein contained, effective as of the Closing Date, the
parties hereto agree as follows: 

Article
I 
 
Definitions; Rules of Construction; Computations 

Section 1.01. Definitions .
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated: 

ABL
Collateral means working capital (including cash, accounts receivable and inventory) and/or fixed assets of the related
Obligor. 

ABL
Loan means (i) a lending facility pursuant to which the loans thereunder are secured by a perfected, first priority
security interest in ABL Collateral, (ii) is an Eligible First Lien Obligation and (iii) is designated as an ABL Loan by the Borrower
at the time of the initial acquisition thereof by the Borrower. 

Account
Control Agreement means an agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit D . 

Adjusted
Term SOFR Rate means for any Available Tenor and Interest Accrual Period, the greater of (a) the Floor and (b) Term
SOFR for such Interest Accrual Period. 

Administration
Agreement means that certain Administration Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2018, by and between the BDC and the
Administrator, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Administrative
Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 

Administrative
Agent Fee Letter means that certain Administrative Agent Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Administrative
Expense Cap means, for any rolling 12-month period, an amount equal to 150,000. 

Administrative
Expenses means the fees and expenses (including indemnities) and other amounts of the Borrower due or accrued with
respect to any Payment Date and payable, on a pro rata basis, to: 

(a) agents
(other than the Collateral Manager) and counsel of the Borrower for fees and expenses related to the Collateral and the Facility
Documents; 

(b) any
rating agency for fees and expenses in connection with the rating of (or provision of credit estimates in respect of) any Collateral
Loans; and 

(c) any
other Person (other than the Lenders) in respect of any other fees or expenses permitted under or incurred pursuant to the Facility
Documents and other amounts payable by the Borrower under any Facility Document. 

provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, amounts that are expressly payable to any Person under the Priority of Payments in respect
of an amount that is stated to be payable as an amount other than as Administrative Expenses (including, without limitation, interest
and principal, other amounts owing in respect of the Term Loan, fees due to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Administrative
Agent Fee Letter and the Collateral Management Fees) and expenses paid on the Closing Date shall not constitute Administrative
Expenses. 

- 2 - 

Administrator 
 means Monroe Capital Management Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, together with its successors and assigns. 

Advisor 
 means Monroe Capital BDC Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, together with its successors and assigns. 

Advisory
Agreement means that certain Investment Advisory and Management Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2018, by and between
the BDC and the Advisor, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Affected
Person means (i) each Lender and each of its Affiliates and (ii) any assignee or participant of any Lender. 

Affiliate 
 means, in respect of a referenced Person, another Person Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with such referenced
Person; provided that a Person shall not be deemed to be an Affiliate of an Obligor solely
because it is under the common ownership or control of the same financial sponsor or affiliate thereof as such Obligor (except
if any such Person or Obligor provides collateral under, guarantees or otherwise supports the obligations of the other such Person
or Obligor). Unaffiliated has the meaning correlative thereto. 

Agents 
 means, collectively, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 

Agent s
Account KeyBank National Association, ABA #021300077, Account to be credited: Key Equipment Finance Inc., Account number:
329953020917, Attn: SFS Operations, Ref: MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC. 

Aggregate
Collateral Balance means, at any time, the aggregate of: (a) the aggregate Appraised Value of all Collateral Loans
(other than Ineligible Loans) that are Eligible Loans, minus (b) any Excess Concentration Amounts. 

Aggregate
Funded Spread means, as of any date, in the case of each Floating Rate Obligation that bears interest at a spread over
an index (including any London interbank offered rate based index or SOFR), (i) the excess of the sum of such spread and the Adjusted
Index Rate as then in effect over Specified Adjusted Term SOFR as then in effect (which spread or excess may be expressed as a
negative percentage), multiplied by (ii) the Principal Balance of such Collateral Loan where: 

Adjusted
Index Rate means, for any Floating Rate Obligation, the greater of (i) the index rate (including any London interbank
offered rate or SOFR rate) as then in effect (which spread or excess may be expressed as a negative percentage), and (ii) for
Loans with a Floor Provision, the Floor Rate. 

Floor
Provision means, a provision in the Related Documents of a Floating Rate Obligation that calculates interest based
on the higher of (i) an index (including any London interbank offered rate based index or SOFR), and (ii) a percentage certain
set forth in the Related Documents (the Floor Rate ). 

- 3 - 

Aggregate
Principal Balance means, when used with respect to all or a portion of the Collateral Loans, the sum of the Principal
Balances of all or of such portion of such Collateral Loans. 

Agreement 
 means this Term Credit and Security Agreement. 

Amortization
Period means the period from the day immediately following the Initial Period Termination Date to and including the
Final Maturity Date. 

Anti-Corruption
Laws means, with respect to any Person, all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to such Person
or its subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Applicable
Law means any Law of any Governmental Authority, including all Federal and state banking or securities laws, to which
the Person in question is subject or by which it or any of its assets or properties are bound. 

Applicable
Margin means (a) during the Initial Period, 2.40 per annum ; (b) after the Initial Period and during
the Amortization Period, 3.40 per annum ; and (c) with respect to Obligations which accrue interest at the Past Due Rate
pursuant to Section 2.13 or upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Applicable Margin
determined in accordance with the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) plus 2.00 per annum . 

Appraisal 
 means with respect to any Loan, an appraisal of such Loan that is conducted by an Approved Appraisal Firm, which may be in
the form of an update or reaffirmation by an Approved Appraisal Firm of an Appraisal of such Loan previously performed by an Approved
Appraisal Firm. 

Appraised
Value means, with respect to any Loan, the least of: 

(i) the Principal Balance for such Loan multiplied by 102 ; and 

(ii) the
fair market value of such Loan as determined by (x) the bid-side quote for such Loan, determined by any of Loan Pricing Corporation,
LoanX Inc., MarkIt Partners, Mergent, Inc., Valuation Research Corp. or IDC or any other nationally recognized loan pricing service
selected by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager with notice to the Administrative Agent or (y) if no such quote is available,
the most recently completed Appraisal of such Loan; provided that in the event any Appraisal with respect to a Loan
pursuant to this clause (ii) is older than three calendar months, the Appraised Value for such Loan shall be the greater of (A)
zero and (B) such other value of such Loan, as determined by the Collateral Manager or the Borrower and agreed to by the Administrative
Agent; provided , further , that in the event that an initial Appraisal has not yet been completed for
any Loan, for a period of up to 150 days following the original closing of such Loan but terminating on the first Measurement
Date occurring after the completion of the first Appraisal for such Loan, the fair market value of such Loan shall be determined
by the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion. 

- 4 - 

Approved
Appraisal Firm means (a) an independent appraisal firm recognized as being experienced in conducting valuations
of secured loans or (b) an independent financial adviser of recognized standing retained by the Borrower, the Collateral
Manager or the agent or lenders under any Loan, in each case as consented to by the Administrative Agent. 

Assignment
and Acceptance means an Assignment and Acceptance in substantially the form of Exhibit C , entered into by a
Lender, an assignee, the Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the Borrower. 

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, (x) if such Benchmark
is a term rate, 30 days, or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component
thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such
Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed
from the definition of Interest Accrual Period pursuant to Section 2.18(d) . 

Bail-In
Action means the exercise of any Write-down and Conversion Powers. 

Bail-In
Legislation means in relation to an EEA Member Country which has implemented, or which at any time implements, Article
55 of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms
, the relevant implementing law or regulation as described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule from time to time. 

Bankruptcy
Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended. 

Base
Rate means, on any date, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate
and (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 . The Base Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the
lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer of any Agent or any Lender. Interest calculated pursuant to this definition
will be determined based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed. 

BDC 
 means Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, a Maryland corporation. 

Benchmark 
 means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with
respect to the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that
such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.18 . 

- 5 - 

Benchmark
Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event for the then-current Benchmark, the sum of: (i) the
alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for such Benchmark
giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining
such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark
rate as a replacement for such Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time and (ii) the related
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, if any; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be
less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other
Facility Documents. 

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of any then-current Benchmark with an unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero), if any, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower
giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant
Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement for Dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities. 

Benchmark
Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) in
the case of clauses (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors
of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of
the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the International
Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks; provided that any such
non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or
publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof)
continues to be provided on such date. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clauses (a)
or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all
then-current Available Tenors of (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

- 6 - 

Benchmark
Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following
events with respect to such Benchmark: 

(a) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of
such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication,
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official
with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over
the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority
over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such
component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue
to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(c) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof)
announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) are not, or
as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization
of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark
if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor
of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark
Transition Start Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier
of (i) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (ii) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication
of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication
of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the
date of such statement or publication). 

Benchmark
Unavailability Period means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the period (if any) (i) beginning at the time
that a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to such Benchmark pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of that definition has occurred
if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document
in accordance with Section 2.18 and (ii) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for
all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in accordance with Section 2.18 . 

- 7 - 

Beneficial
Owner means, with respect to the Borrower, (a) each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, owns 25 or more
of the equity interests in the Borrower and (b) a single individual with significant responsibility to control, manage, or direct
the Borrower. 

Bifurcated
First Lien Term Loan means a Collateral Loan that (a) constitutes an Eligible First Lien Obligation and (b) that is
a stand-alone term loan that: 

(i) is
delivered in connection with a related Cross-Defaulted ABL Loan; 

(ii) is
secured by a valid first priority perfected security interest or Lien in, to or on substantially all of the Obligor s assets
other than the ABL Collateral that is secured under the related Cross-Defaulted ABL Loan, subject to Purchase Money Liens and
customary Liens for taxes or regulatory charges not then due and payable and other permitted Liens under the Related Documents;
 provided that such permitted Liens do not directly secure indebtedness for borrowed money; 

(iii) may
be cross secured to the Cross-Defaulted ABL Loan by a valid second priority perfected security interest or Lien in, to or on substantially
all of the Obligor s ABL Collateral subject to customary Liens for taxes or regulatory charges not then due and payable
and other permitted Liens under the Related Documents; provided that such permitted Liens do not directly secure
indebtedness for borrowed money; 

(iv) 
 is cross defaulted to the related Cross-Defaulted ABL Loan and is subject to an intercreditor agreement or
another agreement amongst the lenders to such Obligor (including, without limitation, the lenders under the related
Cross-Defaulted ABL Loan) containing customary intercreditor provisions that are reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and
the Collateral Manager (in accordance with the Collateral Management Standard); and 

(v) with
respect to which as of any date of determination the related Cross-Defaulted ABL Loan has a ratio of funded debt under such related
Cross-Defaulted ABL Loan to TTM EBITDA of less than or equal to 1.5x. 

Borrower 
 has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 

Borrower
LLC Agreement means the Operating Agreement of the Borrower, dated as of December 20, 2022. 

Borrowing 
 has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01 . 

Borrowing
Date means the date of the Borrowing. 

- 8 - 

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday, provided that (i) days on which banks are authorized
or required to close in New York, New York, Boston, Massachusetts, Chicago, Illinois, Minneapolis, Minnesota or Florence,
South Carolina, and (ii) if such day relates to any interest rate setting as to the Term Loan determined by reference to
the Term SOFR Reference Rate, a SOFR Business Day. 

Cash 
 means Dollars immediately available on the day in question. 

Cause 
 means the indictment for or conviction of any crime of dishonesty or moral turpitude or any act or omission that would constitute
gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. 

Certificate
of Beneficial Ownership means, with respect to the Borrower, a certificate certifying, among other things, the Beneficial
Owner of the Borrower, delivered on the Closing Date, as the same may be updated or amended from time to time in accordance with
this Agreement. 

Certificated
Security has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC. 

Change
of Control means, at any time, the occurrence of one of the following events: (1) the BDC fails to own 100 of
the equity interests of the Borrower free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens at any time; or (2) the Collateral
Manager fails to have the power to direct the management and policies of the Borrower. 

CBA 
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Ltd. 

Clearing
Agency means an organization registered as a clearing agency pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange
Act. 

Clearing
Corporation means each entity included within the meaning of clearing corporation under Section 8-102(a)(5)
of the UCC. 

Clearing
Corporation Security means securities which are in the custody of or maintained on the books of a Clearing Corporation
or a nominee subject to the control of a Clearing Corporation and, if they are Certificated Securities in registered form, properly
endorsed to or registered in the name of the Clearing Corporation or such nominee. 

Closing
Date means December 20, 2022. 

Closing
Date Participation Agreement means the Master Participation Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between MC Income
Plus Financing SPV LLC and the Borrower relating to one or more Closing Date Participation Interests. 

Closing
Date Participation Interest means a Participation Interest granted by MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC to the Borrower
in and to each Loan identified on Schedule 9 hereto and in which a Lien is granted therein by the Borrower to the Collateral
Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 

- 9 - 

Code 
 means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute. 

Collateral 
 has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01(a) . 

Collateral
Administrator means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, solely in its capacity as collateral administrator
hereunder, and any successor thereto. 

Collateral
Agent means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, solely in its capacity as collateral agent hereunder, and
any successor thereto. 

Collateral
Agent Account means the deposit account established by the Collateral Agent with the Intermediary in the name of the
Borrower for the deposit of the Term Loan and proceeds of the Collateral for further credit to the Collection Account. 

Collateral
Agent, Document Custodian, Collateral Administrator and Intermediary Fee Letter means the fee letter, dated as of the
Closing Date, among the Borrower, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator,
U.S. Bank National Association, as Intermediary and Document Custodian, the Administrative Agent, and the Collateral Manager setting
forth the fees payable by the Borrower to, among others, the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian and the Collateral Administrator
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and other Facility Documents. 

Collateral
Database has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 15.01(b) . 

Collateral
Default Ratio means, on any date of determination, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) equal to (a) the sum of the
Principal Balances of all Collateral Loans that became Defaulted Loans during the previous month net of any recoveries actually
received by the Borrower in respect of such Defaulted Loans, divided by (b) the average Aggregate Principal Balance of
all Collateral Loans during the previous month. 

Collateral
Interest Amount means, as of any Determination Date, without duplication, the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of Interest
Proceeds calculated solely pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of Interest Proceeds that have
been received according to the payment schedule(s) under the Related Documents during the Collection Period ending on such Determination
Date plus (B) all interest and other income that is accrued but unpaid during such Collection Period on the Collateral
Loans (excluding any such amounts with respect to Ineligible Loans). 

Collateral
Loan means a Loan that is owned by the Borrower and included as part of the Collateral. 

Collateral
Management Fee means the monthly fee, accruing from the Closing Date, payable in arrears on each Payment Date for the
related Interest Accrual Period, in an amount equal to 0.35 per annum (calculated on the basis of a 360 day year
and the actual number of days elapsed) of the Monthly Asset Amount. 

- 10 - 

Collateral
Management Standard means, with respect to any Loan included in the Collateral, to service and administer such Collateral
Loan in accordance with the Related Documents and all customary and usual servicing practices (a) which are consistent with
the higher of: (i) the customary and usual servicing practices that a prudent loan investor or lender would use in servicing
loans like the Collateral Loans for its own account, and (ii) the same care, skill, prudence and diligence with which the
Collateral Manager services and administers loans for its own account or for the account of others; (b) to the extent not
inconsistent with clause (a) , with a view to maximize the value of the Collateral Loans; and (c) without regard
to: (i) any relationship that the Collateral Manager or any Affiliate of the Collateral Manager may have with any Obligor
or any Affiliate of any Obligor, (ii) the Collateral Manager s obligations to incur servicing and administrative expenses
with respect to a Collateral Loan, (iii) the Collateral Manager s right to receive compensation for its services hereunder
or with respect to any particular transaction, (iv) the ownership by the Collateral Manager or any Affiliate thereof of any
retained interest or one or more loans of the same class as any Collateral Loans, (v) the ownership, servicing or management
for others by the Collateral Manager of any other loans or property by the Collateral Manager, or (vi) any relationship that
the Collateral Manager or any Affiliate of the Collateral Manager may have with any holder of other loans of the Obligor with
respect to such Collateral Loans. 

Collateral
Manager has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction of this Agreement. 

Collateral
Manager Breach has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.03(a) . 

Collateral
Manager Expense Cap means, for any rolling twelve-month period, an amount equal to 300,000. 

Collateral
Manager Termination Event means the occurrence of any of the events, acts or circumstances set forth in Section 6.03 . 

Collateral
Sale Notice Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.02 . 

Collection
Account means the account established pursuant to Section 8.02 , which includes the Principal Collection
Subaccount and the Interest Collection Subaccount. 

Collection
Period means, with respect to any Payment Date, the period commencing immediately following the prior Collection Period
(or on the Closing Date, in the case of the Collection Period relating to the first Payment Date) and ending on the last day of
the month prior to the month in which such Payment Date occurs or, in the case of the final Collection Period preceding the Final
Maturity Date or the final Collection Period preceding an optional prepayment in whole of the Term Loan, ending on the day preceding
the Final Maturity Date or the date of such prepayment, respectively. 

- 11 - 

Collections 
 means (i) all cash collections, distributions, payments and other amounts received, and to be received by the Borrower, from
any Person in respect of any Collateral, including all principal, interest, fees, distributions and redemption and withdrawal
proceeds payable to the Borrower under or in connection with any such Collateral and all Proceeds from any sale or disposition
of any such Collateral and (ii) interest earnings in the Collection Account and any other related transaction accounts. 

Commitment 
 means, as to each Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make, on and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Term
Loan to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 in an aggregate principal amount for such Lender in the amount set forth
opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 1 . 

Concentration
Limitations means, as of any date of determination, the following limitations applied to the Aggregate Collateral Balance
(calculated pursuant to clause (a) under such definition) of the Eligible Loans owned (or, in relation to a proposed purchase
of a Loan, proposed to be owned) by the Borrower, and calculated as a percentage of the Aggregate Collateral Balance in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Section 1.04 : 

(a) 
not more than 20.0 consists of Uni-Tranche Loans; 

(b) not
more than (i) 15.0 consists of Eligible Loans with Obligors in the largest Moody s Industry Classification, (ii) 12.0 
consists of Eligible Loans with Obligors in the second largest Moody s Industry Classification and (iii) 10 consists of
Eligible Loans with Obligors in any other Moody s Industry Classification; 

(c) 
not more than (i) 7.0 consists of Eligible Loans the Obligor of which, together with any Affiliates thereof, is the Obligor
of the largest percentage of the Aggregate Collateral Balance, (ii) 6.0 consists of Eligible Loans the Obligor of which,
together with any Affiliates thereof, is the Obligor of the 2nd largest percentage of the Aggregate Collateral Balance, and
(iii) 5.0 consists of Eligible Loans of any other Obligor together with any Affiliates thereof; 

(d) 
not more than 15.0 consists of Eligible Loans that have a Risk Factor Rating of greater than 3490; 

(e) 
not more than 8.0 consists of Eligible Loans that have an Obligor with a TTM EBITDA of less than 7,500,000; 

(f) not
less than 100.0 consists of Eligible First Lien Obligations, including Eligible Covenant Lite Loans, Bifurcated First Lien Term
Loans and Uni-Tranche Loans; 

(g) not
more than 15.0 consists of Bifurcated First Lien Term Loans; 

(h) not
more than 5.0 consists of Eligible Covenant Lite Loans; 

(i) not
more than 5.0 consists of PIK Loans; and 

(j) not
more than 10.0 consists of Control Position Loans. 

- 12 - 

Conforming
Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition
of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of SOFR Business Day, the
definition of Interest Accrual Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest
period ), timing and frequency of determining rates, timing of making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests
or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section
2.10 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate
to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative
Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice
for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is
reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents). 

Constituent
Documents means in respect of any Person, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, the limited liability
company agreement, operating agreement, partnership agreement, joint venture agreement or other applicable agreement of formation
or organization (or equivalent or comparable constituent documents) and other organizational documents and by-laws and any certificate
of incorporation, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership and other agreement, similar instrument filed or
made in connection with its formation or organization, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Control 
 means the direct or indirect possession of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through ownership, by contract, arrangement or understanding, or otherwise. Controlled and Controlling 
 have the meaning correlative thereto. 

Control
Position Loan means an instrument that otherwise qualifies as a Collateral Loan, with respect to which (a) there is
a warrant or other similar instrument that may be converted or exchanged for an Equity Security (other than Margin Stock) and
(b) upon the exercise of such warrant or similar instrument by the Borrower or other Affiliated holder thereof such holder thereof
would have (i) more than 25 , but not more than 49 of the equity interests of the Obligor, (ii) the right to appoint a majority
of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Obligor, or (iii) other rights that would constitute having Control 
of the Obligor. 

Corporate
Trust Office means the applicable designated corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent, the office of the Document
Custodian or the office of the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, specified on Schedule 5 or such other address within
the United States as the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian and the Collateral Administrator may designate from time to
time by notice to the Administrative Agent. 

- 13 - 

Covenant
Lite Loan means a Loan that does not require the Obligor to comply with at least one of the following financial covenants
during each reporting period applicable to such Loan, whether or not any action by, or event relating to, the Obligor has occurred:
maximum leverage, maximum senior leverage, minimum fixed charge coverage, minimum tangible net worth, minimum net worth, minimum
debt service coverage, minimum interest coverage, maximum capital expenditures, minimum EBITDA, or other customary financial covenants. 

Coverage
Test means each of (i) the Interest Coverage Ratio Test and (ii) the Overcollateralization Test. 

Covered
Account means each of the Collection Account (including the Interest Collection Subaccount and Principal Collection
Subaccount therein), the Payment Account and the Custodial Account. 

Credit
and Collection Policies means the Monroe Capital Credit Policies and Procedures Manual, as amended subject to the terms
hereof; provided however that, with respect to any Successor Collateral Manager, means the written credit, collection
and portfolio management policies and procedures of such Person at the time such Person becomes the Successor Collateral Manager. 

Cross-Defaulted
ABL Loan means an ABL Loan (for purposes of this definition, a loan that (a) would constitute an Eligible
First Lien Obligation and (b) that is a stand-alone revolving loan that: 

(i)
is delivered in connection with a related Bifurcated First Lien Term Loan; 

(ii)
is secured by a first priority perfected Lien on the related Obligor s ABL Collateral in all appropriate jurisdictions,
subject to customary Liens for taxes or regulatory charges not then due and payable and other permitted Liens under the Related
Documents, provided that such permitted Liens do not directly secure indebtedness for borrowed money; 

(iii)
may be cross-secured to the Bifurcated First Lien Term Loan by a valid second priority perfected security interest or Lien in,
to or on substantially all of the Obligor s assets in all appropriate jurisdictions other than the ABL Collateral subject
to Purchase Money Liens and customary Liens for taxes or regulatory charges not then due and payable and other permitted Liens
under the Related Documents, provided that such permitted Liens do not directly secure indebtedness for borrowed money; and 

(iv)
is cross defaulted to the related Bifurcated First Lien Term Loan and is subject to an intercreditor agreement or another agreement
amongst the lenders to such Obligor (including, without limitation, the lenders under the Bifurcated First Lien Term Loan) containing
customary intercreditor provisions that are reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Collateral Manager (in accordance
with the Collateral Management Standard). 

Custodial
Account means the custodial account established pursuant to Section 8.03(b) . 

- 14 - 

Custodial
Certificate is defined in Section 14.02(b)(i) . 

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established
by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for
determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided , that if the Administrative
Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative
Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 

Data
File has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06 . 

Debtor
Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit
of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United
States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 

Default 
 means any event which, with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would (if not cured or otherwise remedied
during such time) constitute an Event of Default. 

Defaulted
Loan means any Loan as to which any of the following occurs: 

(a) a
default as to all or any portion of one or more payments of principal and/or interest has occurred with respect to such loan (after
giving effect to any grace period applicable thereto but in no event exceeding three (3) Business Days past the applicable due
date); 

(b) a
default other than a payment default described in clause (a) above (after giving effect to any grace period applicable thereto)
and for which the Borrower (or the administrative agent or required lenders pursuant to the Related Documents, as applicable)
has elected to exercise any of its rights and remedies under such Related Documents (including, without limitation, acceleration
or foreclosing on collateral, but excluding (i) the imposition of default pricing if such default, in the good faith business
judgment of the Collateral Manager, did not arise for credit-related reasons or (ii) the exercise of any rights to receive reports
or conduct audits); 

(c) the
related Obligor of such loan is subject of an Insolvency Event; 

(d) any
or all of the principal amount due under such loan is reduced or forgiven; 

(e) subject
to a mandatory repurchase as a Warranty Loan under the related documents; 

- 15 - 

(f) the
Collateral Manager has reasonably determined in accordance with the Collateral Management Standard and the Credit and Collection
Policies that such Loan shall be placed on non-accrual status or not collectible or 

(g) a
Material Modification has occurred with respect to such loan (unless approved by the Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion). 

Delayed
Drawdown Loan means a Loan that (a) requires the Borrower to make one or more future advances to the Obligor under
the related documents, agreements evidencing, guaranteeing, securing, governing or giving rise to such loan (for purposes of such
definition, the related documents ), (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on one or more fixed
borrowing dates, and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the Obligor thereunder, provided that any such loan will be a Delayed Drawdown Loan only to the extent of undrawn commitments and solely until all commitments
by the Borrower to make advances on such loan to the borrower under the related documents expire or are terminated or are reduced
to zero. 

Deliver 
 or Delivered or Delivery means the taking of the following steps: 

(a) in
the case of each Certificated Security (other than a Clearing Corporation Security), Instrument and Participation Interest in
which the Participation Interest or the Collateral Loan is represented by an Instrument: 

(i) causing
the delivery of such Certificated Security to the Collateral Agent and any Instrument to the Document Custodian and by registering
the same in the name of the Collateral Agent or its affiliated nominee or by indorsing the same to the Collateral Agent or in
blank; 

(ii) causing
the Collateral Agent or the Document Custodian, as applicable, to indicate continuously on its books and records that such Certificated
Security or Instrument is credited to the applicable Covered Account; and 

(iii) causing
the Collateral Agent or the Document Custodian, as applicable, to maintain (on behalf of the Collateral Agent for the benefit
of the Secured Parties) continuous possession of such Certificated Security or Instrument; 

(b) in
the case of each Uncertificated Security (other than a Clearing Corporation Security), unless covered by clause (e) 
below: 

(i) causing
such Uncertificated Security to be continuously registered on the books of the issuer thereof to the Collateral Agent; and 

(ii)
 causing the Collateral Agent to indicate continuously on its books and records that
such Uncertificated Security is credited to the applicable Covered Account; 

- 16 - 

(c) in
the case of each Clearing Corporation Security: 

(i) causing
the relevant Clearing Corporation to credit such Clearing Corporation Security to the securities account of the Collateral Agent,
and 

(ii) causing the Collateral Agent to indicate continuously on its books and records that such Clearing Corporation Security is
credited to the applicable Covered Account; 

(d) in the case of each security issued or guaranteed by the United States of America or agency or instrumentality thereof and
that is maintained in book-entry records of a Federal Reserve Bank FRB (each such security, a Government
Security ): 

(i)
 causing the creation of a Security Entitlement to such Government Security by the credit of such Government Security to the
securities account of the Collateral Agent at such FRB, and 

(ii)
 causing the Collateral Agent to indicate continuously on its books and records that such Government Security is credited to
the applicable Covered Account; 

(e) in
the case of each Security Entitlement not governed by clauses (a) through (d) above: 

(i) causing
a Securities Intermediary to receive a Financial Asset from a Securities Intermediary or to acquire the underlying Financial Asset,
and in either case, accepting it for credit to the Collateral Agent s securities account, 

(ii) causing
such Securities Intermediary to make entries on its books and records continuously identifying such Security Entitlement as belonging
to the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and continuously indicating on its books and records that such Security
Entitlement is credited to the securities account of such Securities Intermediary, on behalf of the Collateral Agent on behalf
of the Secured Parties, and 

(iii) causing
the Collateral Agent to indicate continuously on its books and records that such Security Entitlement (or all rights and property
of the Collateral Agent representing such Security Entitlement) is credited to the applicable Covered Account; 

(f) in
the case of Cash or Money: 

(i) causing
the delivery of such Cash or Money to the Securities Intermediary, 

- 17 - 

(ii) causing
the Securities Intermediary to credit such Cash or Money to a deposit account maintained as a sub-account of the applicable Covered
Account, and 

(iii)
 causing the Securities Intermediary to indicate continuously on its books and records that such Cash or Money is credited
to the applicable Covered Account; and 

(g) in
the case of each account or general intangible (including any Participation Interest in which none of the Participation Interest
or the underlying loan is represented by an Instrument), causing the filing of a Financing Statement in the office of the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware. 

In
addition, the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Borrower will obtain any and all consents required by the Related Documents
relating to any Instruments, accounts or general intangibles for the transfer of ownership and/or pledge hereunder (except to
the extent that the requirement for such consent is rendered ineffective under Section 9-406 of the UCC). 

Determination
Date means the last day of each Collection Period. 

Document
Custodian means U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, and any successor thereto appointed
under this Agreement, in its capacity as document custodian hereunder. 

Document
Custodian Termination Notice is defined in Section 14.05 . 

Dollars 
 and mean the lawful money of the United States of America. 

Due
Date means each date on which any payment is due on a Loan in accordance with its terms. 

EBITDA 
 means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (determined by the Collateral Manager for any Loan, in
the manner provided in the Related Documents). In any case that EBITDA or such comparable definition is not defined
in such Related Documents, an amount, for the related Obligor and any of its parents or subsidiaries that are obligated with respect
to such Loan pursuant to its Related Documents (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP)
equal to earnings from continuing operations for such period plus interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization
and, to the extent determined by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the Collateral Management Standard, any other costs
and expenses reducing earnings and other extraordinary non-recurring costs and expenses for such period (to the extent deducted
in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period). 

EEA
Member Country means any member state of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 

- 18 - 

Elevation 
means the elevation of the Closing Date Participation Interests and any Facility Amount Increase Participation Interests in accordance
with the Closing Date Participation Agreement and any applicable Facility Amount Increase Participation Agreement, respectively . 

Elevation
Date means the date on which an Elevation occurs with respect to a Closing Date Participation Interest and any Facility
Amount Increase Participation Interest pursuant to the Closing Date Participation Agreement and any applicable Facility Amount
Increase Participation Agreement, respectively . 

Eligible
Assignee means a Person that (i) is not a natural Person, (ii) is not the Borrower, the Collateral Manager, the BDC
or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, (iii) is a Qualified Purchaser and (iv) unless such Person is a Permitted Assignee,
has obtained the written consent of the Administrative Agent prior to any assignment pursuant to Section 16.06 . 

Eligible
Covenant Lite Loan means a Covenant Lite Loan that, as of the date of origination, has an Obligor with TTM EBITDA of
at least 35,000,000. 

Eligible
First Lien Obligation means any Loan that: 

(i) is
not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to become) subordinate in right of payment to any other obligation for borrowed
money of the Obligor of such loan; 

(ii) is
secured by a valid first priority perfected security interest or lien in, to or on substantially all of the assets of the Obligor
under such loan (except for a Bifurcated First Lien Term Loan that has a Lien on substantially all of the Obligor s assets
other than ABL Collateral) in all appropriate jurisdictions subject to Purchase Money Liens and customary Liens for taxes or regulatory
charges not then due and payable and other permitted Liens under the Related Documents, provided that such permitted Liens
do not directly secure indebtedness for borrowed money; 

(iii) is
secured pursuant to such first priority perfected security interest or Lien by collateral having a value (determined as set forth
below) not less than the outstanding principal balance of such loan in all appropriate jurisdictions; and 

(iv) is
not a loan which is secured solely or primarily by the common stock of its Obligor or any of its Affiliates. 

- 19 - 

The
determination as to whether clause (iii) of this definition is satisfied shall be based on both (x) an Appraisal
or other valuation (including an internal valuation performed by the Collateral Manager and including enterprise value) performed
on or about the date of acquisition by the Borrower or of the most recent restructuring of such loan, and (y) the Collateral
Manager s judgment (calculated in good faith in accordance with its Credit and Collection Policies) at the time the loan
is acquired by the Borrower. The limitation set forth in clause (iv) above shall not apply with respect to a loan
made to a parent entity that is secured solely or primarily by the stock of one or more of the subsidiaries of such parent entity
to the extent that the granting by any such subsidiary of a lien on its own property would (1) in the case of a subsidiary
that is not part of the same consolidated group as such parent entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, result in a deemed
dividend by such subsidiary to such parent entity for such tax purposes, (2) violate law or regulations applicable to such
subsidiary (whether the obligation secured is such loan or any other similar type of indebtedness owing to third parties) or (3) cause
such subsidiary to suffer adverse economic consequences under capital adequacy or other similar rules, in each case, so long as
(x) the Related Documents limit the incurrence of indebtedness by such subsidiary and (y) the aggregate amount of all
such indebtedness is not material relative to the aggregate value of the assets of such subsidiary. 

Eligible
Investment Required Ratings means, with respect to any obligation or security, that such obligation or security (a)
(i) if such obligation or security has both a long-term and a short-term credit rating from Moody s, such ratings are
 Aa3 or better (not on credit watch for possible downgrade) and P-1 (not on credit watch for possible
downgrade), respectively, (ii) if such obligation or security only has a long-term credit rating from Moody s,
such rating is Aaa (not on credit watch for possible downgrade) and (iii) if such obligation or security only
has a short-term credit rating from Moody s, such rating is P-1 (not on credit watch for possible downgrade)
and (b) has a rating of A-1 or better (or, in the absence of a short-term credit rating, a long-term credit rating
of A+ or better) from S P. 

Eligible
Investments means any Dollar investment that, at the time it is Delivered (directly or through an intermediary or bailee),
is one or more of the following obligations or securities: 

(i) 
 direct obligations of, and obligations the timely payment of principal and interest on which is fully
and expressly guaranteed by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality of the United States of America
the obligations of which are expressly backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America; 

(ii) demand
and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of, trust accounts with, bankers acceptances payable within 183 days
of issuance by, or federal funds sold by any depository institution or trust company incorporated under the laws of the United
States of America or any state thereof and subject to supervision and examination by federal and/or state banking authorities,
so long as the commercial paper and/or the debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company (or, in the case of
the principal depository institution in a holding company system, the commercial paper or debt obligations of such holding company)
at the time of such investment or contractual commitment providing for such investment have the Eligible Investment Required Ratings; 

(iii) non-extendable
commercial paper or other short-term obligations with the Eligible Investment Required Ratings and that either bear interest or
are sold at a discount from the face amount thereof and have a maturity of not more than 183 days from their date of issuance; 

- 20 - 

(iv) money
market funds that have, at all times, credit ratings of Aaa and MR1+ by Moody s and AAAm 
or AAAm-G by S P, respectively; and 

(v) Cash; 

provided that (1) Eligible Investments purchased with funds in the Collection Account shall be held until maturity except
as otherwise specifically provided herein and shall include only such obligations or securities, other than those referred to
in clause (iv) above, as mature (or are putable at par to the issuer thereof) no later than the Business Day prior
to the next Payment Date; and (2) none of the foregoing obligations or securities shall constitute Eligible Investments if
(a) such obligation or security has an f , r , p , pi , q 
or t subscript assigned by S P, (b) all, or substantially all, of the remaining amounts payable thereunder
consist of interest and not principal payments, (c) such obligation or security is subject to U.S. withholding or foreign
withholding tax unless the issuer of the security is required to make gross-up payments for the full amount of such
withholding tax, (d) such obligation or security is secured by real property, (e) such obligation or security is purchased
at a price greater than 100 of the principal or face amount thereof, (f) such obligation or security is subject of a tender
offer, voluntary redemption, exchange offer, conversion or other similar action or (g) in the Collateral Manager s
judgment, such obligation or security is subject to material non-credit related risks. Any such investment may be made or acquired
from or through the Collateral Agent or any of its affiliates, or any entity for whom the Collateral Agent or any of its affiliates
provides services (so long as such investment otherwise meets the applicable requirements of the foregoing definition of Eligible
Investment at the time of acquisition) or acts as offeror; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing clauses
(i) through (v) , unless the Borrower and the Collateral Manager have received the written advice of counsel of national
reputation experienced in such matters to the contrary (together with an officer s certificate of the Borrower or the Collateral
Manager to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent that the advice specified in this definition has been received by
the Borrower and the Collateral Manager), Eligible Investments may only include obligations or securities that constitute cash
equivalents for purposes of the rights and assets in paragraph (c)(8)(i)(B) of the exclusions from the definition of covered
fund for purposes of the Volcker Rule. The Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Document Custodian shall have
no obligation to determine or oversee compliance with the foregoing or to determine whether an investment is an Eligible
Investment . 

Eligible
Loan means a Loan that meets each of the following criteria at the time of acquisition thereof by the Borrower (or
its binding commitment to acquire the same): 

(a) is
an Eligible First Lien Obligation (including an Eligible Covenant Lite Loan, a Bifurcated First Lien Term Loan or a Uni-Tranche
Loan); 

(b) permits
the purchase thereof by or assignment thereof to the Borrower and the pledge to the Collateral Agent; 

(c) is
denominated and payable in either Dollars; 

- 21 - 

(d) is
an obligation of an Obligor organized or incorporated in the United States (or any state, territory or possession thereof) or
Canada; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a guarantor may be organized or incorporated outside of the United
States or Canada; 

(e) is
not a Defaulted Loan; 

(f) is
not a Non-Cash Paying PIK Loan; 

(g) is
not a Zero Coupon Obligation; 

(h) is
not a Structured Finance Obligation, a finance lease or chattel paper; 

(i) as
of the date of acquisition thereof, is not subject to material non-credit related risk (such as a Loan the payment of which is
expressly contingent upon the non-occurrence of a catastrophe) as determined by the Collateral Manager in good faith; 

(j) no
portion thereof (including any conversion option, exchange option, warrant or other component thereof) is exchangeable or convertible
into equity at the option of the Obligor; 

(k) is
not an Equity Security and does not provide for mandatory or optional conversion or exchange into an Equity Security; provided that the acquisition of an instrument that otherwise qualifies as an Eligible Loan, together with a warrant or other similar
instrument that may be converted or exchanged for an Equity Security (other than Margin Stock), will not cause the former instrument
to lose its eligibility as an Eligible Loan; 

(l) as
of the date of acquisition thereof, is not the subject of an offer and has not been called for redemption; 

(m) does
not constitute Margin Stock and no part of the proceeds of such loan or any other extension of credit made thereunder will be
used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin
Stock; 

(n) does
not subject the Borrower to withholding tax unless the Obligor is required to make gross-up payments constituting
100 of such withholding tax; 

(o) provides
for regular scheduled payments of principal with the full principal balance to be payable in cash at or prior to its maturity; 

- 22 - 

(p) is
not a Participation Interest; provided that the (x) Closing Date Participation Interests shall not be included in this
clause (p) until the date that is ninety (90) days after the Closing Date and (y) any Facility Amount Increase Participation Interests
shall not be included in this clause (p) until the date that is ninety (90) days after the effective date of the applicable Facility
Amount Increase Request ; 

(q) as
of the date of origination thereof, has an Obligor with TTM Revenue of at least 10,000,000; 

(r) has
a remaining term to maturity of not more than seven years; 

(s) provides
for regular scheduled payments of interest no less frequently than quarterly; 

(t) [reserved]; 

(u) is
not an obligation pursuant to which any future advances or payments to the Obligor may be required to be made by the Borrower
(including Revolving Loans and Delayed Drawdown Loans); 

(v) will
not cause the Borrower or the pool of assets to be required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act; 

(w) is
not a Covenant Lite Loan unless it is an Eligible Covenant Lite Loan; 

(x) 
is not primarily secured by real estate; 

(y) if
it is (i) not a Noteless Loan, the related note or (ii) a Noteless Loan, (x) a copy of the loan register with respect to such
Noteless Loan evidencing registration of such Collateral Loan on the books and records of the applicable Obligor or bank agent
to the name of the Borrower (or its nominee) or (y) a copy (which may be a facsimile copy) of (I) the loan or credit agreement
reflecting the Obligor s commitment thereunder or (II) an assignment agreement in favor of the Borrower as assignee, has
been delivered to the Document Custodian in accordance with the provisions of Article XIV ; 

(z) as
of the date of acquisition thereof, has a purchase price or current fair market value of greater than 80 of par; 

(aa) as
of the date of acquisition thereof, has an Obligor with (x) as of the date of acquisition thereof, (A) if such Loan is not a Uni-Tranche
Loan, (1) a Senior Debt Ratio of less than 5.00x and (2) a Total Debt Ratio of less than 7.00x, or (B) if such Loan is a Uni-Tranche
Loan, a Total Debt Ratio of less than 6.00x and (y) as of any date of determination thereafter, (1) a Senior Debt Ratio of less
than 7.00x and (2) a Total Debt Ratio of less than 8.00x; 

- 23 - 

(bb) (i)
as of the date of origination and as of the date of acquisition thereof, has a Proprietary Risk Rating of 3 or better and (ii)
as of any date after the acquisition thereof, has a Proprietary Risk Rating of 4 or better; 

(cc) has
been assigned a Risk Factor Rating (i) upon acquisition by the Borrower that is not more than 60 days old and (ii) thereafter,
that is not more than 13 months old; 

(dd) was
originated, underwritten, documented and closed or acquired in all material respects in accordance with the Collateral Manager s
Credit and Collection Policies; 

(ee) has
a Risk Factor Rating of less than or equal to 6500; 

(ff) has
a loan (including all Collateral Loans and any other debt senior to or pari passu with such Collateral Loan) to total enterprise
value ratio of less than 70 as calculated by the Collateral Manager in good faith in accordance with and at intervals required
by its Credit and Collection Policies; 

(gg) the
Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Borrower) shall have instructed the Obligor or related administrative or
paying agents under the Related Documents (or with respect to any Closing Date Participation Interest and/or any Facility Amount
Increase 
 Participation Interest for which the Elevation Date has not yet occurred, MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC) to remit
all Collections directly to the Collection Account; 

(hh) is
not a Second Lien Loan; 

(ii) is
a Floating Rate Obligation; 

(jj) is,
and the applicable Related Documents are, in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable laws, rules and regulations
(including relating to usury, truth-in-lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt
collection practices and privacy, OFAC and Patriot Act); 

(kk) does
not represent a consumer obligation (including, without limitation, a mortgage loan, auto loan, credit card loan or personal loan); 

(ll) is
not a letter of credit; 

(mm) is
in registered form within the meaning of Sections 881(c)(2)(B)(i) and 163(f) of the Code and Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United
States Treasury Regulations and issued after July 18, 1984; 

- 24 - 

(nn) as
of the date of acquisition thereof, no payment of interest or principal on such Loan is more than thirty (30) days past the applicable
due date within the previous twelve-month period; 

(oo) the
Related Documents with respect to such Loan are governed by the laws of the United States (or any state or territory thereof),
Canada (or any province thereof) or the United Kingdom; 

(pp) such
Obligor or its related guarantor with respect to such Loan is not engaged in any of the following: (i) assault weapons or firearms
manufacturing, (ii) consumer and commercial lending, payday lending, pawn shops, or adult entertainment, (iii) illegal or internet
gaming (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, hospitality and/or resorts development or management thereof), or (iv) the sale
or cultivation of marijuana or directly related businesses; 

(qq) other
than a Control Position Loan, is not an obligation of an Obligor where the Borrower, Collateral Manager or any Affiliate thereof
holds voting securities of such Obligor in an amount, collectively, that exceeds 20 of such Obligor s voting securities;
and 

(rr) is
not a Control Position Loan in which the warrant or other similar instrument may be converted or exchanged for an Equity Security
(other than Margin Stock) in excess of 49 of the equity interests of the related Obligor. 

The
determination of the total enterprise value for purposes of clause (ff) of this definition shall be based on (x) an
Appraisal or other valuation (including an internal valuation performed by the Collateral Manager) performed on a consistent basis
with other loans on or about the date of acquisition by the Borrower, or (y) the Collateral Manager s judgment at the
time the loan is acquired by the Borrower. 

Equity
Security means any stock or similar security, certificate of interest or participation in any profit sharing agreement,
preorganization certificate or subscription, transferable share, voting trust certificate or certificate of deposit for an equity
security, limited partnership interest, interest in a joint venture, or certificate of interest in a business trust; any security
future on any such security; or any security convertible, with or without consideration into such a security, or carrying any
warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase such a security; or any such warrant or right. 

ERISA 
 means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and
rulings issued thereunder. 

- 25 - 

ERISA
Event means (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations
issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the thirty day notice requirement is waived); (b) the
failure with respect to any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the
Code or Section 302 of ERISA); (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA
of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) a determination that any Plan
is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA);
(e) the incurrence by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect
to the termination of any Plan; (f) (i) the receipt by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group from the PBGC of
a notice of determination that the PBGC intends to seek termination of any Plan or to have a trustee appointed for any Plan, or
(ii) the filing by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan; (g) the
incurrence by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of any liability (i) with respect to a Plan pursuant to Sections 4063
and 4064 of ERISA, (ii) with respect to a facility closing pursuant to Section 4062(e) of ERISA, or (iii) with
respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan; (h) the receipt by the Borrower or any member
of its ERISA Group of any notice concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan
is, or is expected to be, in endangered status or critical status, within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305
of ERISA or is or is expected to be insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; or (i) the
failure of the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan. 

ERISA
Group means each controlled group of corporations or trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common
control that is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code with the Borrower. 

Erroneous
Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.08(a) . 

Erroneous
Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to it Section 12.08(d) . 

Erroneous
Payment Impacted Class has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.08(d) . 

Erroneous
Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.08(d) . 

EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the document described as such and published by the Loan Market Association (or
any successor person) from time to time. 

Event
of Default means the occurrence of any of the events, acts or circumstances set forth in Section 6.01 . 

Excess
Concentration Amount means an amount, calculated (unless otherwise expressly stated herein to the contrary) as of the
Closing Date and on the effective date of any Facility Amount Increase, in respect of which any one or more of the Concentration
Limitations are exceeded, equal to the sum of the portions (calculated by the Collateral Manager without duplication) of each
Eligible Loan that cause such Concentration Limitations to be exceeded. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all
as from time to time in effect, or any successor law, rules or regulations, and any reference to any statutory or regulatory provision
shall be deemed to be a reference to any successor statutory or regulatory provision. 

- 26 - 

Excluded
Amount means (a) any amount received in the Collection Account with respect to any Collateral Loan, which amount is
attributable to the reimbursement of payment by the Borrower of any Tax, fee or other charge imposed by any Governmental Authority
on such Collateral Loan or any related Collateral, (b) any reimbursement of insurance premiums paid by the Borrower, (c) any escrows
relating to Taxes, insurance and other amounts in connection with Collateral Loans which are held in an escrow account for the
benefit of the Obligor and the secured party pursuant to escrow arrangements under the Related Documents or (d) any amount deposited
into the Collection Account in error. 

Facility
Amount means 100,000,000. 

Facility
Amount Increase Participation Agreement means a Master Participation Agreement, dated as of the effective date of a
Facility Amount Increase, between MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC and the Borrower relating to one or more Facility Amount Increase
Participation Interests. 

Facility
Amount Increase Participation Interest means a Participation Interest granted by MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC to
the Borrower in and to each Loan identified on the related Facility Amount Increase Request(s) and in which a Lien is granted
therein by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 

Facility
Amount Increase Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15 . 

Facility
Documents means this Agreement, the Purchase and Contribution Agreement, the Account Control Agreement, the Collateral
Agent, Document Custodian, Collateral Administrator and Intermediary Fee Letter, the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and any other
security agreements and other instruments entered into or delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.01(c) to create, perfect or otherwise evidence the Collateral Agent s security interest. 

FATCA 
means Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially
more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof (including any Revenue Ruling,
Revenue Procedure, Notice or similar guidance issued by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service thereunder as a precondition to relief
or exemption from taxes under such provisions), any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any
law implementing an intergovernmental agreement or approach thereto. 

Federal
Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the
weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal
funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations
for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing
selected by it; provided that, if at any time a Lender is borrowing overnight funds from a Federal Reserve Bank
that day, the Federal Funds Rate for such Lender for such day shall be the average rate per annum at which such overnight borrowings
are made on that day as promptly reported by such Lender to the Borrower, the Collateral Administrator and the Agents in writing.
Each determination of the Federal Funds Rate by a Lender pursuant to the foregoing proviso shall be conclusive and binding except
in the case of manifest error. 

- 27 - 

Final
Maturity Date means the earlier of (a) the first anniversary of the Initial Period Termination Date (or such later
date as may be agreed by the Borrower and each of the Lenders and notified in writing to the Agents) or (b) the date of the
acceleration of the Term Loan pursuant to Section 6.02 . 

Financial
Asset has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC. 

Financing
Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 14.02(b) . 

Financing
Statements has the meaning specified in Section 9-102(a)(39) of the UCC. 

Fitch 
 means Fitch, Inc., together with its successors. 

Floating
Rate Obligation means any Loan that bears a floating rate of interest. 

Floor 
means one-half of one percent (0.50 ). 

Fundamental
Amendment means any amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to this Agreement that would (a) change
the Final Maturity Date, (b) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal of or interest on the Term Loan or any fee
hereunder, (c) reduce the amount of any such payment of principal or interest, (d) reduce the rate at which interest
is payable thereon or any fee is payable hereunder, (e) release any material portion of the Collateral, except in connection
with dispositions permitted hereunder, (f) alter the terms of (x) Section 6.01 , Section 9.01 , or Section
16.01(b) or any related definitions or provisions in a manner that would alter the effect of such Sections or (y) any provisions
(including any relevant definitions) relating to the pro rata treatment of payments to each Lender, (g) modify the definition
of the term Required Lenders or modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Lenders required to make
any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to modify any provision hereof, (h) modify the definition of the terms Collateral
Default Ratio , Concentration Limitations , Coverage Test , Eligible First Lien Obligation ,
 Eligible Loan , Fundamental Amendment , Interest Coverage Ratio Test , Minimum Equity
Amount , Minimum Obligor Amortization Test , Minimum Obligor Test , Overcollateralization
Test , Portfolio Quality Test , Weighted Average Spread Test , Weighted Average Life Test ,
 Weighted Average Risk Factor Rating Test , Weighted Average Senior Debt Ratio Test , Weighted
Average TTM EBITDA Test , Weighted Average Total Debt Ratio Test , or in any defined term used therein, in
each case in a manner which would have the effect of making more credit available to the Borrower, be adverse to the interests
of Lenders or less restrictive on the Borrower in any other material fashion, or (i) extend the Initial Period. 

- 28 - 

Funding
Effective Date means the later of the Closing Date and the date on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01 are satisfied. 

GAAP 
 means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States. 

Governmental
Authority means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority,
instrumentality, regulatory body, quasi-regulatory authority, administrative tribunal, central bank, public office, court, arbitration
or mediation panel, or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or
functions of government, including the SEC, the stock exchanges, any Federal, state, territorial, county, municipal or other government
or governmental agency, arbitrator, board, body, branch, bureau, commission, court, department, instrumentality, master, mediator,
panel, referee, system or other political unit or subdivision or other entity of any of the foregoing, whether domestic or foreign. 

Governmental
Authorizations means all franchises, permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations of all Governmental
Authorities. 

Governmental
Filings means all filings, including franchise and similar tax filings, and the payment of all fees, assessments, interests
and penalties associated with such filings with all Governmental Authorities. 

Indemnified
Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.04(b) . 

Ineligible
Loan means, at any time, a Loan or any portion thereof that fails to satisfy any criteria of the definition of Eligible
Loan . 

Initial
Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to and including the Initial Period Termination Date. 

Initial
Period Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (a) the date three (3) years following the Closing Date, (b)
the date the Borrower voluntarily terminates this Agreement, (c) the date that the Minimum Equity Amount Test is not satisfied
and (d) the termination of the Initial Period following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default. 

Insolvency
Event means with respect to a specified Person, (a) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having
jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under the
Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering
the winding-up or liquidation of such Person s affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for
a period of sixty consecutive days; or (b) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code
or any other applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such Person to the entry of an order for
relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by
a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial
part of its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by such
Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the
foregoing. 

- 29 - 

Instrument 
 has the meaning specified in Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC. 

Interest 
 means, for each day during an Interest Accrual Period and the Term Loan outstanding by a Lender on such day, the sum of the
products (for each day during such Interest Accrual Period) of: 

where: 

IR 
 = 
 the Interest Rate for the Term Loan on such day; 

P 
 = 
 the principal amount of the Term Loan on such day; and 

D = 
 360. 

Interest
Accrual Period means, with respect to each Term Loan (or portion thereof) (a) with respect to the first Payment
Date following the Term Loan (or portion thereof), the period from and including the Closing Date or the date of the Term Loan,
as applicable, to and including the last day of the calendar month preceding the first Payment Date and (b) with respect
to any subsequent Payment Date for the Term Loan (or portion thereof), the period commencing on the first day of the calendar
month in which the preceding Payment Date occurred and ending on the last day of the calendar month immediately preceding the
month in which the Payment Date occurs; provided , that the final Interest Accrual Period for the outstanding Term
Loan hereunder shall end on and include the day prior to the payment in full of the Term Loan hereunder. 

Interest
Collection Subaccount has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(a) . 

Interest
Coverage Ratio means, on any date of determination, the percentage equal to: 

(a) an
amount equal to the applicable Collateral Interest Amount at such time; divided by 

- 30 - 

(b) the
aggregate amount payable (or expected as of the date of determination to be payable) under Section 9.01(a)(i)(A) through
 (D) on the Payment Date immediately succeeding such date of determination. 

Interest
Coverage Ratio Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination on or after January 31, 2023 if
the Interest Coverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 200 . 

Interest
Proceeds means, with respect to any Collection Period or the related Determination Date, without duplication, the sum
of: 

(a) all
payments of interest and other income received by the Borrower during such Collection Period on the Collateral Loans (including
Ineligible Loans), including the accrued interest received in connection with a sale thereof during such Collection Period; 

(b) all
principal and interest payments received by the Borrower during such Collection Period on Eligible Investments purchased with
Interest Proceeds; 

(c) all
amendment and waiver fees, late payment fees (including compensation for delayed settlement or trades), and all protection fees
and other fees and commissions received by the Borrower during such Collection Period, unless the Collateral Manager notifies
the Agents before such Determination Date that the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion has determined that such payments
are to be treated as Principal Proceeds; 

(d) all
commitment fees, facility fees, anniversary fees, ticking fees and other similar fees received by the Borrower during such Collection
Period unless the Collateral Manager notifies the Agents before such Determination Date that the Collateral Manager in its sole
discretion has determined that such payments are to be treated as Principal Proceeds; and 

(e) all
Cash contributions to the Borrower, which are designated as Interest Proceeds by the Collateral Manager pursuant
to Section 10.05 . 

provided that: 

(1) solely
after the Initial Period, as to any Defaulted Loan (and only so long as it remains a Defaulted Loan), any amounts received in
respect thereof will constitute Principal Proceeds (and not Interest Proceeds) until the aggregate of all Collections in respect
thereof since it became a Defaulted Loan equals the outstanding principal balance of such Defaulted Loan at the time as of which
it became a Defaulted Loan and all amounts received in excess thereof will constitute Interest Proceeds; 

(2) solely
after the Initial Period, all payments received in respect of Equity Securities will constitute Principal Proceeds; and 

- 31 - 

(3) all
Cash received as equity contributions from the BDC will constitute Principal Proceeds unless specified by the Collateral Manager
pursuant to Section 10.05 . 

Interest
Rate means a rate equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate plus the Applicable Margin; provided , however ,
that (x) upon the delivery of a notice from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.04(g) of this
Agreement or (y) during any Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Interest Rate shall be the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 

Interest
Reserve Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the interest paid to the Lenders pursuant
to Section 9.01(a)(i)(D) on the previous Payment Date. 

Intermediary 
means U.S. Bank National Association, solely in its capacity as securities intermediary under the Account Control Agreement, and
any successor thereto. 

Investment
Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Law 
 means any action, code, consent decree, constitution, decree, directive, enactment, finding, guideline, law, injunction, interpretation,
judgment, order, ordinance, policy statement, proclamation, promulgation, regulation, requirement, rule, rule of law, treaty,
rule of public policy, settlement agreement, statute, or writ, of any Governmental Authority, or any particular section, part
or provision thereof. 

Lenders 
 means the Persons listed on Schedule 1 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto in accordance
with the terms hereof pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant
to an Assignment and Acceptance. 

Lien 
 means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, encumbrance, lien or security interest (statutory or other), or preference,
priority or other security agreement, charge or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional
sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing,
and the filing authorized by the Borrower of any financing statement under the UCC or comparable law of any jurisdiction). 

Listed
Collateral Loan means a Collateral Loan for which, at the time of determination, a Listed Value is available. 

Listed
Value means, for any Collateral Loan, the bid price for such Collateral Loan most recently quoted by Loan Pricing Corporation,
Mark-it Partners (formerly known as Loan X), Interactive Date Corporation (Thompson Reuters), or quoted by another nationally
recognized broker-dealer or nationally recognized quotation service as may be approved from time to time by the Administrative
Agent and the Required Lenders if so requested by the Borrower; provided that, if the Collateral Manager reasonably
believes that the price quoted by any such source is based on less than three bona fide bids, then the Collateral Manager, by
notice to the Agents, may determine the Listed Value in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Market
Value . 

- 32 - 

Loan 
 means a loan or other debt obligation (including any Closing Date Participation Interest or any Facility Amount Increase 
 Participation
Interest therein). 

Loan
Checklist means an electronic or hard copy, as applicable, checklist delivered by the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager
on behalf of the Borrower) to the Document Custodian, for each Collateral Loan, of the Related Documents identified on such Loan
Checklist, including, but not limited to, as applicable, an assignment agreement, funding memo, loan or credit agreement, security
agreement and (if not a Noteless Loan) a promissory note (or such Loan Checklist shall specify if such Collateral Loan is a Noteless
Loan), and which shall specify whether such Related Document is an original or a copy and shall include the name of the Obligor
with respect to such Collateral Loan, in each case as of the date of acquisition thereof by the Borrower. 

Margin
Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. 

Market
Value means, for any Collateral Loan: 

(a) 
 the lower of: 

(x) the
fair market value of such Collateral Loan as reasonably determined by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the Collateral
Management Standard; and 

(y) the
purchase price in respect of such Collateral Loan expressed as an effective percentage of par less any loss reserves maintained
by the Borrower in accordance with GAAP; or 

(b) solely
after the Initial Period, if such Collateral Loan is a Listed Collateral Loan as at such date, the Listed Value of such Collateral
Loan as at such date. 

Material
Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, financial condition, operations, performance
or properties of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager, both individually or taken as a whole, (b) the validity, enforceability
or collectability of this Agreement or any other Facility Document or the validity, enforceability or collectability of the Collateral
Loans generally or any material portion of the Collateral Loans, (c) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent,
the Lenders and the Secured Parties with respect to matters arising under this Agreement or any other Facility Document taken
as a whole, (d) the ability of each of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager to perform its obligations under any Facility
Document to which it is a party, or (e) the status, existence, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Collateral Agent s
Lien on the Collateral. 

- 33 - 

Material
Modification means, with respect to any Loan, any amendment, waiver, consent or modification of a Related Document
with respect thereto executed or effected after the date on which such Loan is acquired by the Borrower, that: 

(a) reduces,
reschedules or waives one or more interest payments or permits any interest due with respect to such Loan in cash to be deferred,
rescheduled or capitalized and added to the principal amount of such Loan (other than any deferral or capitalization already expressly
permitted by the terms of its underlying instruments as of the date such Loan was acquired by the Borrower) or extends or reschedules
one or more interest payments with respect to such Loan for more than 93 days in the aggregate during any 12 month successive
period; provided that any reduction, waiver, rescheduling, deferral or capitalization of interest payments shall
not constitute a Material Modification if the remaining cash interest payable on such Loan is at least equal to the applicable
floating benchmark rate plus 3.00 per annum; 

(b) except
for permitted liens, contractually or structurally subordinates such Loan by operation of a priority of payments, turnover provisions
or the transfer of assets in order to limit recourse to the related Obligor or releases any material guarantor or co-Obligor from
its obligations with respect thereto (other than as expressly permitted by the Related Documents as of the date such Loan was
acquired by the Borrower); 

(c) substitutes
or releases the underlying assets securing such Loan (other than as expressly permitted by the Related Documents as of the date
such Loan was acquired by the Borrower), and such substitution or release materially and adversely affects the value of such Loan
(as determined by the Administrative Agent in a commercially reasonable manner); 

(d) waives,
reschedules, extends or postpones any date fixed for any scheduled payment or mandatory prepayment of principal (other than in
respect of excess cash flow) on such Loan; provided that no such rescheduling, extension, postponement, reduction
or deferral of principal on such Loan shall constitute a Material Modification if the aggregate amount of such rescheduled, extended,
postponed, reduced or deferred principal owing to the Borrower (x) is less than or equal to 10.0 of the original principal amount
of the Loan owned by Borrower and (y) is due and payable by the related Obligor on or before the maturity date of such Loan; or 

(e) reduces
or forgives any principal amount of such Loan. 

Measurement
Date means, (i) the Closing Date, (ii) the Borrowing Date and (iii) each Monthly Report Determination
Date. 

Minimum
Equity Amount means the Aggregate Collateral Balance of all Collateral Loans owned (or, in relation to a proposed purchase
of a Collateral Loan, proposed to be owned) by the Borrower which consist of obligations of any Obligor which, together with the
Affiliates thereof, is at any time (i) from and including the Closing Date until the effectiveness of any Facility Amount Increase,
an Obligor with the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, or 5th largest percentage of the Aggregate Collateral Balance, (ii) after the effectiveness
of any Facility Amount Increase until the effectiveness of any Facility Amount Increase that increases the Facility Amount to
an amount equal to or in excess of 150,000,000, an Obligor with the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, or 6th largest percentage of the
Aggregate Collateral Balance, and (iii) thereafter, an Obligor with the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th or 8th largest percentage
of the Aggregate Collateral Balance. 

- 34 - 

Minimum
Equity Amount Test means a test that is satisfied on any day if (a) the sum of (i) the Aggregate Collateral Balance,
 plus (ii) the aggregate amount of cash then on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount, minus (iii) the outstanding
Term Loan, is greater than or equal to (b) the Minimum Equity Amount. 

Minimum
Obligor Amortization Test means a test that is satisfied on any day if the Collateral Loans owned by the Borrower consist
of obligations of at least six (6) individual Obligors. 

Minimum
Obligor Test means a test that is satisfied at any such time there are twelve (12) Obligors representing Eligible Loans
that are not Defaulted Loans. 

Money 
 has the meaning specified in Section 1-201(24) of the UCC. 

Monthly
Asset Amount means, for any Payment Date, the Aggregate Collateral Balance as of the last day of the most recent Collection
Period. 

Monthly
Report has the meaning specified in Section 8.06 . 

Monthly
Report Determination Date has the meaning specified in Section 8.06 . 

Monthly
Reporting Date means the date that is two Business Days prior to the 25th of each calendar month. 

Moody s 
 means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., together with its successors. 

Moody s
Industry Classification means the industry classifications set forth in Schedule 4 , as such industry classifications
shall be updated at the option of the Collateral Manager if Moody s publishes revised industry classifications. The determination
of which Moody s Industry Classification to which an Obligor belongs shall be made in good faith by the Collateral Manager. 

Moody s
RiskCalc means Moody s RiskCalc Plus Version 3.1 in the Credit Cycle Adjustment CCA mode with static mapping to equivalent bond letter ratings; provided , however , that if at any time
of determination a different Risk Factor Rating is obtained utilizing the Financial Statement Only FSO mode, upon the Borrower s request and the approval of the Agent in its sole discretion, the FSO mode may be substituted
for the CCA mode with respect to such Risk Factor Rating. 

Multiemployer
Plan means an employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA that is sponsored
by the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group or to which the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group is obligated to make contributions
or has any liability. 

- 35 - 

Non-Cash
Paying PIK Loan means, at any time, a PIK Loan that is deferring all of the cash interest that is due at such time. 

Non-Consenting
Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval
of all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 16.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 

Noteless
Loan means a Loan with respect to which the Related Documents either (i) do not require the Obligor to execute and
deliver a promissory note to evidence the indebtedness created under such Loan or (ii) require execution and delivery of such
a promissory note only upon the request of any holder of the indebtedness created under such Loan, and as to which the Borrower
has not requested a promissory note from the related Obligor. 

Notice
of Borrowing has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.02 . 

Notice
of Prepayment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05 . 

Obligations 
 means all indebtedness, whether absolute, fixed or contingent, at any time or from time to time owing by the Borrower to any
Secured Party or any Affected Person under or in connection with this Agreement, the Collateral Agent, Document Custodian, Collateral
Administrator and Intermediary Fee Letter or any other Facility Document, including, without limitation, (x) all amounts payable
by the Borrower in respect of the Term Loan, with interest thereon, (y) all amounts payable hereunder and (z) all such amounts
payable that accrue after the commencement of an Insolvency Event (in each case whether or not allowed as a claim in such Insolvency
Event). 

Obligor 
 means, in respect of any Loan, the Person primarily obligated to pay Collections in respect of such Loan. 

OFAC 
 has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(f) . 

Other
Taxes has the meaning given in Section 16.03(b) . 

Overcollateralization
Ratio means, at any time, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) (i) the numerator of which is the Aggregate Collateral
Balance of all Eligible Loans as of such date and (ii) the denominator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the Term
Loan outstanding as of such date. 

Overcollateralization
Test means a test that will be satisfied at any time if (i) the Overcollateralization Ratio as of such date is
equal to or exceeds (ii) 142 . 

Ownership
Certificates means, in respect of any Collateral, all stock, ownership certificates, participation certificates and
other instruments and certificated securities (as such terms are defined in the UCC), if any, governing
or evidencing or representing ownership of such Collateral. 

- 36 - 

Participant 
 means any Person to whom a participation is sold as permitted by Section 16.06(c) . 

Participation
Interest means a participation interest in a Loan. 

Party 
 has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.21 . 

Past
Due Rate means a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 

PATRIOT
Act has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.16 . 

Payment
Account means the payment account of the Collateral Agent established pursuant to Section 8.03(a) . 

Payment
Date means the 25 th day of each calendar month, the first of which shall be in February 2023; provided that, if any such day is not a Business Day, then such Payment Date shall be the next succeeding Business Day. 

Payment
Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.08(b) . 

Payment
Recipient has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.08(a) . 

Payor 
 has the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.08(a) . 

PBGC 
 means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor agency or entity performing substantially the same functions. 

Percentage 
 of any Lender means, (a) with respect to any Lender party hereto on the date hereof, the percentage set forth opposite
such Lender s name on Schedule 1 , as such amount is reduced by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by
such Lender with an assignee or increased by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such lender with an assignor, or (b) with
respect to a Lender that has become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, the percentage set forth therein
as such Lender s Percentage, as such amount is reduced by an Assignment and Acceptance entered into between such Lender
and an assignee or increased by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such lender with an assignor. 

Permitted
Agent means: 

(a) in
connection with the Facility Documents, the Collateral Manager, the Document Custodian, the Collateral Administrator, the Intermediary,
the Agents and any such party s sub-agents; and 

- 37 - 

(b) in
connection with the Loans, (i) administrative agents, collateral agents, arrangers, trustees and similar agents (and any
sub-agents) appointed under the Related Documents, (ii) financial and restructuring advisors, appraisers and evaluators,
(iii) foreign agents retained for foreign perfection purposes or other local law requirements, (iv) back-office operations
providers and (v) legal counsel, in each case, consistent with the Collateral Manager s past practice and in the ordinary
course of business. 

Permitted
Assignee means (i) an Affiliate of any Lender that has a short-term unsecured debt rating or certificate of deposit
rating of A-2 or better by S P or P-2 or better by Moody s, and (ii) any Person who is a
Lender immediately prior to any assignment, and which, in the case of clause (i) and at the time of the related assignment,
does not require the Borrower to pay any additional or increased costs or is otherwise approved by the Borrower. 

Permitted
Liens means: (a) Liens created in favor of the Collateral Agent hereunder or under the other Facility Documents
for the benefit of the Secured Parties; and (b) Liens imposed by any Governmental Authority for taxes, assessments or charges
not yet delinquent or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves with respect
thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower in accordance with GAAP. 

Permitted
Securitization means any private or public term or conduit securitization or similar financing transaction undertaken
by the Borrower or its Affiliates that is secured, directly or indirectly, by any Loan currently or formerly included in the Collateral
or any portion thereof or any interest therein released from the Lien of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any collateralized
loan obligation or collateralized debt obligation offering or other asset securitization. 

Person 
 means an individual or a corporation (including a business trust), partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint stock company, limited liability company, government (or an agency or political subdivision thereof) or other entity of
any kind. 

PIK
Loan means a Loan that permits the Obligor thereon to defer or capitalize any portion of the accrued interest thereon;
 provided that any Loan that requires interest in cash at a rate of at least the current applicable floating benchmark
rate plus 4.50 per annum shall not constitute a PIK Loan for purposes of this Agreement. 

Plan 
 means an employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject
to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code that is sponsored by the Borrower or a member of its ERISA
Group or to which the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group is obligated to make contributions or has any liability. 

Plan
Asset Rule has the meaning specified in Section 4.01(n) . 

Portfolio
Collateral has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 15.01(b) . 

- 38 - 

Portfolio
Quality Test means each of (i) the Weighted Average Spread Test, (ii) the Weighted Average Life Test, (iii) the Weighted
Average Risk Factor Rating Test, (iv) the Weighted Average Senior Debt Ratio Test, (v) the Weighted Average TTM EBITDA Test, (vi)
the Weighted Average Total Debt Ratio Test and (vii) the Minimum Obligor Test. 

Potential
Collateral Manager Termination Event means any event which, with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both,
would (if not cured or otherwise remedied during such time) constitute a Collateral Manager Termination Event. 

Prime
Rate means the rate announced by KeyBank National Association from time to time as its prime rate in the United States,
such rate to change as and when such designated rate changes. The Prime Rate is not intended to be the lowest rate of interest
charged by KeyBank National Association in connection with extensions of credit to debtors. KeyBank National Association may make
commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above, or below the Prime Rate. 

Principal
Balance means, with respect to any Loan, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount of such
Loan (excluding any capitalized interest). 

Principal
Collection Subaccount has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(a) . 

Principal
Proceeds means, with respect to any Collection Period or the related Determination Date, all amounts received by the
Borrower during such Collection Period that do not constitute Interest Proceeds, including any Cash equity contributions (unless
specified by the Collateral Manager to constitute Interest Proceeds in accordance with Section 10.05 ). 

Priority
of Payments has the meaning specified in Section 9.01(a) . 

Private
Authorizations means all franchises, permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations of all Persons
(other than Governmental Authorities). 

Proceeds 
 has, with reference to any asset or property, the meaning assigned to it under the UCC and, in any event, shall include, but
not be limited to, any and all amounts from time to time paid or payable under or in connection with such asset or property. 

Professional
Independent Manager means an individual who is employed by a nationally-recognized company that provides professional
independent directors or independent managers for Special Purpose Entities and other corporate services in the ordinary course
of its business. 

Prohibited
Transaction means a transaction described in Section 406(a) of ERISA, that is not exempted by a statutory or administrative
or individual exemption pursuant to Section 408 of ERISA. 

Proprietary
Risk Rating means, for any Loan, the rating assigned thereto by the Collateral Manager under the five-level numeric
rating system used by the Collateral Manager to rate the credit profile on Loans, as described in the Collateral Manager s
Credit and Collection Policies, applied consistently and in good faith. 

- 39 - 

Purchase
and Contribution Agreement means that certain Purchase and Contribution Agreement dated as of the Closing Date between
the BDC, as seller, and the Borrower, as buyer. 

Purchase
Money Lien means a Lien that secures indebtedness (including under a capital lease) for borrowed money so long as (i)
substantially all of the proceeds of the indebtedness for borrowed money (including under a capital lease) that is the subject
of such Lien was used to acquire, construct or improve the asset(s) that are the subject of such Lien, and (ii) such Lien does
not attach to assets other than those acquired, constructed or improved with such proceeds. 

Qualified
Institution means a depository institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United States of America
or any one of the States thereof or the District of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank), (i)(a) that has
either (1) a long-term unsecured debt rating of A or better by S P and A2 or better by Moody s
or (2) a short-term unsecured debt rating or certificate of deposit rating of A-1 or better by S P or P-1 
or better by Moody s, (b) the parent corporation of which has either (1) a long-term unsecured debt rating of
 A or better by S P and A2 or better by Moody s or (2) a short-term unsecured debt rating
or certificate of deposit rating of A-1 or better by S P and P-1 or better by Moody s or
(c) is otherwise acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation. 

QIB 
 has the meaning specified in Section 16.06(e) . 

Qualified
Purchaser has the meaning specified in Section 16.06(e) . 

Register 
 has the meaning specified in Section 16.06(d) . 

Registered
Investment Adviser means a Person duly registered as an investment adviser (including by being identified as a relying
adviser in Section 1.B., Schedule D of its related filing adviser s Form ADV) in accordance with and
pursuant to Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 

Regulation T ,
 Regulation U and Regulation X mean Regulation T, U and
X, respectively, of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time. 

Regulatory
Change has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a) . 

- 40 - 

Related
Documents means, with respect to each Collateral Loan, all agreements or documents evidencing, guaranteeing, securing,
governing or giving rise to such Loan including with respect to Related Documents to be delivered to the Document Custodian as
identified on the related Loan Checklist for a Collateral Loan the following to the extent reasonably available to the Borrower
(or the Collateral Manager on its behalf): (i)(A) if the Collateral Loan includes a note, (x) an original, executed copy of the
related promissory note, or (y) in the case of a lost promissory note, a copy of the executed underlying promissory note
accompanied by an original executed affidavit and indemnity indorsed by the Borrower or the prior holder of record either in blank
or to the Collateral Agent, in each case with respect to clause (x) or clause (y) with an unbroken chain of indorsements from
each prior holder of such promissory note to the Borrower or to the Collateral Agent, or in blank, or (B) in the case of
a noteless Collateral Loan, a paper or electronic copy of each executed document or instrument evidencing the creation or assignment
of such Collateral Loan to the Borrower, (ii) paper or electronic copies of the related loan agreement, guaranty, security
agreement, intercreditor agreement or any other material agreement (as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable
discretion) and (iii) any other document included on the related Loan Checklist that is reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent and reasonably available to the Collateral Manager. 

Related
Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.04(b) . 

Relevant
Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Required
Lenders means, as of any date of determination, one or more Lenders having aggregate Percentages more than 50 ; provided ,
 however that at any time there are only two (2) Lenders, Required Lenders must include both such
Lenders. 

Resolution
Authority means any body which has authority to exercise any Write-down and Conversion Powers. 

Responsible
Officer means (a) in the case of a corporation, partnership or limited liability company that, pursuant to its
Constituent Documents, has officers, any chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief administrative officer, president,
senior vice president, vice president, assistant vice president, treasurer, director or manager, and, in any case where two Responsible
Officers are acting on behalf of such entity, the second such Responsible Officer may be a secretary or assistant secretary, (b) in
the case of a limited partnership, the Responsible Officer of the general partner, acting on behalf of such general partner in
its capacity as general partner, (c) in the case of a limited liability company that does not have officers, any Responsible
Officer of the sole member, managing member or manager, acting on behalf of the sole member, managing member or manager in its
capacity as sole member, managing member or manager, (d) in the case of a trust, the Responsible Officer of the trustee,
acting on behalf of such trustee in its capacity as trustee, (e) in the case of the Administrative Agent, a vice president, assistant
vice president, secretary, assistant secretary or officer of the Administrative Agent, and (f) in the case of the Document Custodian,
the Collateral Administrator or the Collateral Agent, a vice president, assistant vice president, secretary, assistant secretary
or officer within the applicable Corporate Trust Office of the Document Custodian, Collateral Administrator or the Collateral
Agent, as applicable, duly authorized to act on such person s behalf and in each case responsible for the administration
of this Agreement. 

- 41 - 

Restricted
Payments means the declaration of any distribution or dividends or the payment of any other amount (including in respect
of redemptions permitted by the Constituent Documents of the Borrower) to any shareholder, partner, member or other equity investor
in the Borrower on account of any share, membership interest, partnership interest or other equity interest in respect of the
Borrower, or the payment on account of, or the setting apart of assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for, or the purchase
or other acquisition of any class of stock of or other equity interest in the Borrower or of any warrants, options or other rights
to acquire the same (or to make any phantom stock or other similar payments in the nature of distributions or dividends
in respect of equity to any Person), whether now or hereafter outstanding, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash, property
(including marketable securities), or any payment or setting apart of assets for the redemption, withdrawal, retirement, acquisition,
cancellation or termination of any share, membership interest, partnership interest or other equity interest in respect of the
Borrower. 

Review
Criteria is defined in Section 14.02(b)(i) . 

Review
Period is defined in Section 14.02(b)(i) . 

Revolving
Loan means any Loan (other than a Delayed Drawdown Loan) (including, without limitation, revolving loans, including
funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit lines and letter of credit facilities, unfunded commitments under specific facilities
and other similar loans and investments) that by its terms may require one or more future advances to be made to the Obligor by
the Borrower provided that any such loan will be a Revolving Loan only until all commitments to make revolving advances to the
Obligor expire or are terminated or irrevocably reduced to zero. 

Risk
Factor Rating means, with respect to any Loan, determined by the Collateral Manager on the date of acquisition and
on each Risk Factor Rating Trigger Date with respect to such Loan, the number set forth on Schedule 7 which corresponds
to the bond default rating and estimated default frequency for the Obligor of such Loan obtained by inputting current
data related to such Obligor into Moody s RiskCalc to produce a bond default rating based on the one-year
and five-year expected default frequency; provided , however , that the Collateral Manager may substitute (i)
a credit estimate issued by Moody s which assigns a specific Risk Factor Rating or (ii) a private or public rating issued
by any of S P, Fitch or Moody s as the bond default rating in lieu of the bond default rating 
determined by Moody s RiskCalc. For purposes of determining the Risk Factor Rating in accordance with Schedule 7 
solely with respect to a Loan with a bond default rating determined by Moody s RiskCalc, (i) a Loan with a
Moody s RiskCalc bond default rating of Baa3 or better will be deemed to have a bond default rating 
of Ba3, (ii) a Loan with a Moody s RiskCalc bond default rating of Ba1 will be deemed to have a bond
default rating of B1, (iii) a Loan with a Moody s RiskCalc bond default rating of Ba2, Ba3 or B1 will
be deemed to have a bond default rating of B2, and (iv) a Loan with a Moody s RiskCalc bond default
rating of B2 will be deemed to have a bond default rating of B3 . 

- 42 - 

Risk
Factor Rating Trigger Date means (i) each one-year anniversary of the date of acquisition of such Loan, (ii) any time
that the related Obligor s ratio of Senior Total Funded Debt to TTM EBITDA increases by greater than 0.75x (based on the
most recent financial statements and covenant compliance package delivered by the related Obligor) since the later of (x) the
date of acquisition of such Loan or (y) the date that the Risk Factor Rating was last determined in accordance with clause
(a)(ii) of this definition and (iii) any time that the related Obligor s TTM EBITDA declines below 5,000,000. 

S P 
 means S P Global Ratings, a Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC business. 

Sanctioned
Country means, at any time, a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject or target of any Sanctions. 

Sanctioned
Person means, at any time, any Person (a) listed on, and/or targeted by, any Sanctions; (b) who is a resident, operating,
or organized under the laws of, a comprehensively Sanctioned Country or territory; or (c) who is directly or indirectly owned
or controlled by any such Person or Person(s). 

Sanctions 
 means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes, trade sanctions laws, regulations, rules, decisions, and/or restrictive
measures administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S.
Department of State, (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, the government
of Japan or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom. 

Scheduled
Distribution means, with respect to any Loan, for each Due Date, the scheduled payment of principal and/or interest
and/or fees due on such Due Date with respect to such Loan. 

SEC 
 means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental authority of the United States of America at the time
administrating the Securities Act, the Investment Company Act or the Exchange Act. 

Second
Lien Loan means any Loan that (i) is not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to become) subordinate in right
of payment to any other obligation for borrowed money of the obligor of such loan (excluding customary terms applicable to a second
lien lender under customary intercreditor provisions, such as after an event of default in connection with a first priority lien
or with respect to the liquidation of the obligor or of specified collateral), (ii) is secured by a valid second priority perfected
security interest or lien in, to or on specified collateral securing the obligor s obligations under such loan (whether or not
such loan is also secured by any higher or lower priority security interest or lien on other collateral), (iii) is secured, pursuant
to such second priority perfected security interest or lien, by collateral having a value not less than the outstanding principal
balance of such loan plus the aggregate outstanding principal balances of all other loans of equal or higher seniority secured
by a first or second lien or security interest in the same collateral, (iv) is not a loan which is secured solely or primarily
by the common stock of its obligor or any of its affiliates and (v) is a term loan. 

- 43 - 

Secured
Parties means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Document Custodian,
the Collateral Manager, the Intermediary, the Lenders and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as from
time to time in effect. 

Securities
Intermediary has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC. 

Security
Entitlement has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC. 

Senior
Debt Ratio means, with respect to any Loan, the ratio of Senior Total Funded Debt to TTM EBITDA of the related Obligor,
calculated in accordance with the corresponding amount or ratio in the underlying Related Documents for such Loan utilizing the
most recently delivered financial results for the related Obligor. 

Senior
Total Funded Debt means, with respect to any Loan at any time the same is to be determined, the sum (but without duplication)
of (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money of the related Obligor and its subsidiaries ranking senior or pari passu to such
Loan at such time, and (b) all indebtedness for borrowed money of any other Person which is directly or indirectly guaranteed
by the Obligor or any of its subsidiaries or which the Obligor or any of its subsidiaries has agreed (contingently or otherwise)
to purchase or otherwise acquire or in respect of which the Obligor or any of its subsidiaries has otherwise assured a creditor
against loss; provided that, in the case of this clause (b) , any such obligation under such guarantee, agreement
or assurance ranks senior or pari passu with respect to such Loan. 

SOFR 
 means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR
Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing
rate). 

SOFR
Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for
purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

Solvent 
 means, with respect to any Person, that as of the date of determination, both (i) (a) the sum of such Person s debt
(including contingent liabilities) does not exceed the present fair saleable value of such Person s assets; (b) such Person s
capital is not unreasonably small in relation to its business as contemplated on the Closing Date and will not be unreasonably
small with respect to any transaction contemplated to be undertaken after the Closing Date; and (c) such Person has not incurred
debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due; and (ii) such Person is solvent within the meaning
given that term under the Bankruptcy Code, Section 271 of the Debtor and Creditor Law of the State of New York and applicable
laws relating to fraudulent transfers under the Bankruptcy Code and New York State law. For purposes of this definition, the amount
of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing
at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of
whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5). 

- 44 - 

Special
Purpose Entity means a limited liability company or other business entity that is created with the purpose of being
 bankruptcy remote and whose organizational documents contain restrictions on its activities and impose requirements
intended to preserve such entity s separateness that are substantially similar to the special purpose provisions of the
Borrower LLC Agreement. 

Specified
Adjusted Term SOFR means at any time Adjusted Term SOFR then in effect as determined by the Collateral Manager (and
subject to confirmation and agreement by the Administrative Agent in its commercially reasonable discretion). 

Specified
Eligible Investment means an Eligible Investment meeting the requirements of Section 8.05(a) and that is
available to the Collateral Agent, to be specified by the Collateral Manager to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent) on or prior to the initial Borrowing Date; provided that, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall
have occurred and then be continuing, at any time with not less than five Business Days notice to the Collateral Agent
(with a copy to the Administrative Agent) the Collateral Manager may (and, if the-then Specified Eligible Investment is no longer
available to the Collateral Agent, shall) designate another Eligible Investment that meets the requirements of Section 8.05(a) and that is available to the Collateral Agent to be the Specified Eligible Investment for purposes hereof. 

Structured
Finance Obligation means any debt obligation owing by a finance vehicle that is secured directly and primarily by,
primarily referenced to, and/or primarily representing ownership of, a pool of receivables or a pool of other assets, including
collateralized debt obligations, residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities, other asset-backed
securities, future flow receivable transactions and other similar obligations; provided that ABL Loans,
loans to financial service companies, factoring businesses, health care providers and other genuine operating businesses do not
constitute Structured Finance Obligations. 

Subject
Laws has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(f) . 

Successor
Collateral Manager has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.09(a) . 

Taxes 
 has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.03(a) . 

Term
Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01 . 

- 45 - 

Term
SOFR means for any calculation with respect to the Term Loan determined by reference to the Term SOFR Reference Rate,
the Term SOFR Reference Rate on the day (such day, the Lookback Day that is one SOFR Business Day prior
to the first day of each calendar month (and rounded in accordance with the Administrative Agent s customary practice),
as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however , that if as of 5:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on any Lookback Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term
SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR
will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding SOFR Business
Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first
preceding SOFR Business Day is not more than three SOFR Business Days prior to such Lookback Day. 

Term
SOFR Administrator means CBA (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as selected by the Administrative
Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term
SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR for a period of 30 days. 

Third
Party Expense Cap means, for any rolling twelve-month period, an amount equal to 300,000. 

Total
Debt Ratio means, with respect to any Loan, the ratio of Total Funded Debt to TTM EBITDA of the related Obligor, calculated
in accordance with the corresponding amount or ratio in the underlying Related Documents for such Loan utilizing the most recently
delivered financial results for the related Obligor. 

Total
Funded Debt means, with respect to any Loan at any time the same is to be determined, the sum (but without duplication)
of (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money of the related Obligor and its subsidiaries at such time, and (b) all indebtedness
for borrowed money of any other Person which is directly or indirectly guaranteed by the Obligor or any of its subsidiaries or
which the Obligor or any of its subsidiaries has agreed (contingently or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire or in respect
of which the Obligor or any of its subsidiaries has otherwise assured a creditor against loss, calculated in accordance with the
corresponding amount or ratio in the underlying Related Documents for such Loan utilizing the most recently delivered financial
results for the related Obligor. 

TTM
EBITDA means, at any time the same is to be determined with respect to any Obligor, the trailing twelve-month EBITDA
of such Obligor calculated in accordance with the corresponding amount or ratio in the underlying Related Documents for such Loan
utilizing the most recently delivered financial results for the related Obligor. 

TTM
Revenue means, at any time the same is to be determined with respect to any Obligor, the trailing twelve-month revenue
of such Obligor calculated in accordance with the corresponding amount or ratio in the underlying Related Documents for such Loan
utilizing the most recently delivered financial results for the related Obligor. 

- 46 - 

UCC 
 means the Uniform Commercial Code, as from time to time in effect in the State of New York; provided that
if, by reason of any mandatory provisions of law, the perfection, the effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority of the
security interests granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement are governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in
effect in a jurisdiction of the United States of America other than the State of New York, then UCC means the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of such perfection, effect of perfection
or non-perfection or priority. 

Uncertificated
Security has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC. 

Uni-Tranche
Loan means any Loan that (i) constitutes an Eligible First Lien Obligation, and (ii) has an Obligor with a ratio of
Senior Total Funded Debt to TTM EBITDA of greater than 5.00x. 

U.S.
Bank means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association. 

Volcker
Rule means Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations
thereunder. 

Warranty
Loan has the meaning specified in the Purchase and Contribution Agreement. 

Weighted
Average Life means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Eligible Loans, the number of years following
such date obtained by summing the products obtained by multiplying: 

The
 Average Life at such time of each such Eligible Loan 
 X 
 The
 portion of the Aggregate Collateral Balance attributable to such Eligible Loan 

and
dividing such sum by the Aggregate Collateral Balance as of such date of determination. 

For
the purposes of the foregoing, the Average Life is, on any date of determination with respect to any Collateral
Loan, the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the products of (a) the number of years (rounded to the nearest one hundredth
thereof) from such date of determination to the respective dates of each successive Scheduled Distribution of principal of such
Collateral Loan and (b) the respective amounts of principal of such Scheduled Distributions by (ii) the sum of all successive
Scheduled Distributions of principal on such Collateral Loan. 

Weighted
Average Life Test means a test that is satisfied at any such time if the Weighted Average Life as calculated on the
date of determination is less than or equal to 5.0 years. 

- 47 - 

Weighted
Average Risk Factor Rating means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Eligible Loans, the number obtained
by summing the products obtained by multiplying: 

The
 Risk Factor Rating at such time of each such Eligible Loan 
 X 
 The
 portion of the Aggregate Collateral Balance attributable to such Eligible Loan 

and
dividing such sum by the Aggregate Collateral Balance of all Eligible Loans as of such date of determination. 

Weighted
Average Risk Factor Rating Test means a test that is satisfied at any such time if the Weighted Average Risk Factor
Rating as calculated on the date of determination is less than or equal to 3250. 

Weighted
Average Senior Debt Ratio means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Eligible Loans, the ratio (expressed
as a number) obtained by summing the products obtained by multiplying: 

The
 Senior Total Funded Debt to TTM EBITDA ratio at such time of each such Eligible Loan 
 X 
 The
 portion of the Aggregate Collateral Balance attributable to such Eligible Loan 

and
dividing such sum by the Aggregate Collateral Balance of all Eligible Loans as of such date of determination. 

Weighted
Average Senior Debt Ratio Test means a test that is satisfied at any such time if the Weighted Average Senior Debt
Ratio as calculated on the date of determination is less than or equal to 4.50x; provided , however ,
that for purposes of determining the foregoing, (i) in the case of an Obligor that has acquired a business (whether through an
asset acquisition, a merger or otherwise), the TTM EBITDA ratio(s) shall be calculated based on the TTM EBITDA figures for the
consolidated business, after giving pro forma effect to the transactions resulting in such acquisition, plus the results of any
portion of such trailing twelve month period elapsing after the date of such acquisition; and (ii) for any Eligible Loan, the
Weighted Average Senior Debt Ratio shall be calculated in accordance with the corresponding amount or ratio in the underlying
Related Documents for such Eligible Loan. 

Weighted
Average Spread means, as of any date of determination, the number obtained by dividing: 

(a) the
amount equal to the Aggregate Funded Spread (with respect to all Floating Rate Obligations), by 

- 48 - 

(b) the
Aggregate Collateral Balance of all Floating Rate Obligations as of such date. 

Weighted
Average Spread Test means, as of any date of determination, a test that is satisfied at any such time if the Weighted
Average Spread as calculated on the date of determination is greater than or equal to 5.25 . 

Weighted
Average Total Debt Ratio means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Eligible Loans, the ratio (expressed
as a number) obtained by summing the products obtained by multiplying: 

The
 Total Funded Debt to TTM EBITDA ratio at such time of each such Eligible Loan 
 X 
 The
 portion of the Aggregate Collateral Balance attributable to such Eligible Loan 

and
dividing such sum by the Aggregate Collateral Balance of all Eligible Loans as of such date of determination. 

Weighted
Average Total Debt Ratio Test means a test that is satisfied at any such time if the Weighted Average Total Debt Ratio
as calculated on the date of determination is less than or equal to 5.00x. 

Weighted
Average TTM EBITDA means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Eligible Loans, the number obtained by
summing the products obtained by multiplying: 

TTM
 EBITDA at such time with respect to the Obligor of each such Eligible Loan 
 X 
 The
 portion of the Aggregate Collateral Balance attributable to such Eligible Loan 

and
dividing such sum by the Aggregate Collateral Balance of all Eligible Loans as of such date of determination. 

Weighted
Average TTM EBITDA Test means a test that is satisfied at any such time if the Weighted Average TTM EBITDA as calculated
on the date of determination is greater than or equal to 20,000,000. 

Withdrawal
Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer
Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

Write-down
and Conversion Powers means in relation to any Bail-In Legislation described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
from time to time, the powers described as such in relation to that Bail-In Legislation in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 

- 49 - 

Zero
Coupon Obligation means a Loan that does not provide for periodic payments of interest in Cash or that pays interest
only at its stated maturity. 

Section 1.02. Rules
of Construction. For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise
requires (i) singular words shall connote the plural as well as the singular, and vice versa (except as indicated), as may
be appropriate, (ii) the words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of
similar import used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular article, schedule, section,
paragraph, clause, exhibit or other subdivision, (iii) the headings, subheadings and table of contents set forth in this
Agreement are solely for convenience of reference and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement nor shall they affect the
meaning, construction or effect of any provision hereof, (iv) references in this Agreement to include or including 
shall mean include or including, as applicable, without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term, and for
purposes hereof the rule of ejusdem generis shall not be applicable to limit a general statement, followed by or referable to
an enumeration of specific matters, to matters similar to those specifically mentioned, (v) each of the parties to this Agreement
and its counsel have reviewed and revised, or requested revisions to, this Agreement, and the rule of construction that any ambiguities
are to be resolved against the drafting party shall be inapplicable in the construction and interpretation of this Agreement,
(vi) any definition of or reference to any Facility Document, agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed
as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
(subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (vii) any reference herein
to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions set forth
herein or in any other applicable agreement), (viii) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall refer to such law
or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, (ix) unless otherwise provided herein, each reference
to any time means New York, New York time and (x) any reference to execute , executed , sign ,
 signed , signature or any other like term hereunder shall include execution by electronic signature
(including, without limitation, any .pdf file, .jpeg file, or any other electronic or image file, or any electronic signature 
as defined under the U.S. Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act E-SIGN or the New York
Electronic Signatures and Records Act ESRA ), which includes any electronic signature provided using Orbit,
Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by the Borrower and reasonably available at no undue burden or
expense to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Document Custodian and acceptable to the Administrative Agent
in its reasonable discretion together with any requested certificate of completion or other evidence of authentication), except
to the extent the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Document Custodian requests otherwise. Any such electronic
signatures shall be valid, effective and legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures and shall
be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered for all purposes hereunder. 

Section 1.03. Computation
of Time Periods . Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, in the computation of a period of time from a specified date to
a later specified date, the word from means from and including and the words to and
 until both mean to but excluding . Periods of days referred to in this Agreement shall be counted in
calendar days unless Business Days are expressly prescribed. 

- 50 - 

Section 1.04 . Collateral
Value Calculation Procedures . In connection with all calculations required to be made pursuant to this Agreement with respect
to Scheduled Distributions on any Loan, or any payments on any other assets included in the Collateral, with respect to the sale
of and reinvestment in Loans, and with respect to the income that can be earned on Scheduled Distributions on such Loans and on
any other amounts that may be received for deposit in the Collection Account, the provisions set forth in this Section 1.04 shall be applied. The provisions of this Section 1.04 shall be applicable to any determination or calculation
that is covered by this Section 1.04 , whether or not reference is specifically made to Section 1.04 , unless
some other method of calculation or determination is expressly specified in the particular provision. 

(a) All
calculations with respect to Scheduled Distributions on the Collateral Loans shall be made on the basis of information as to the
terms of each such Collateral Loan and upon reports of payments, if any, received on such Collateral Loans that are furnished
by or on behalf of the Obligor of such Collateral Loans and, to the extent they are not manifestly in error, such information
or reports may be conclusively relied upon in making such calculations. 

(b) 
 For purposes of calculating the Coverage Tests, except as otherwise specified in the Coverage Tests, such
calculations will not include (i) scheduled interest and principal payments on Defaulted Loans and Ineligible Loans
unless or until such payments are actually made and (ii) ticking fees in respect of Collateral Loans, and other similar
fees, unless or until such fees are actually paid. 

(c) 
 For each Collection Period and as of any date of determination, the Scheduled Distribution on any
Collateral Loans (other than Defaulted Loans and Ineligible Loans, which, except as otherwise provided herein, shall be
assumed to have Scheduled Distributions of zero) shall be the total amount of payments and collections to be received during
such Collection Period in respect of such Collateral Loans. 

(d) 
 Each Scheduled Distribution receivable with respect to a Collateral Loan shall be assumed to be
received on the applicable Due Date. 

(e) 
 References in the Priority of Payments to calculations made on a pro forma basis shall
mean such calculations after giving effect to all payments, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, that precede (in
priority of payment) or include the clause in which such calculation is made. 

(f) 
 For purposes of calculating all Concentration Limitations, in both the numerator and the denominator of any component
of the Concentration Limitations, Defaulted Loans and Ineligible Loans (including any unfunded commitments with respect to such
Collateral Loans) will be treated as having a value equal to zero. 

- 51 - 

(g) 
 [Reserved]. 

(h) 
 [Reserved]. 

(i) 
 Any Collateral Loan purchased for 98 of par or more will be deemed to be purchased at par; provided 
that any arranger, closing or similar fees earned at the primary closing of a Collateral Loan will not be considered
discounts to par. 

(j) References
in this Agreement to the Borrower s purchase or acquisition of a Loan include references to
the Borrower s acquisition of such Collateral Loan by way of a sale and/or contribution from the BDC and the Borrower s
making or origination of such Loan. Portions of the same Loan acquired by the Borrower on different dates (whether through purchase,
receipt by contribution or the making or origination thereof) will, for purposes of determining the purchase price of such Loan,
be treated as separate purchases on separate dates (and not a weighted average purchase price for any particular Loan). 

(k) For
the purposes of calculating compliance with each of the Concentration Limitations all calculations will be rounded to the nearest
0.01 . 

(l) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, all monetary calculations under this Agreement shall be in Dollars. For
purposes of this Agreement, calculations with respect to all amounts received or required to be paid in a currency other than
Dollars shall be valued at zero. 

(m) Other
than for purposes of determining whether the conditions for each Term Loan have been satisfied, for purposes of calculating compliance
with any test under this Agreement (including, without limitation, Interest Coverage Ratio Test, any Concentration Limitation,
and any Portfolio Quality Test), the trade date (and not the settlement date) with respect to any acquisition or disposition of
a Loan shall be used to determine whether and when such acquisition or disposition has occurred so long as such acquisition or
disposition settles within 30 days of the trade date. If such acquisition or disposition does not settle within 30 days of the
trade date, all such tests shall be recalculated based on the date such acquisition or disposition of a Loan actually settles.
For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of calculating compliance with any test under this Agreement to determine whether the
conditions for each Term Loan have been satisfied, the settlement date (and not the trade date) with respect to any acquisition
or disposition of a Loan shall be used to determine whether and when such acquisition or disposition has occurred. 

Section 1.05. Reserved. 

- 52 - 

Section 1.06. Benchmark
Notification . The interest rate on the Term Loan may be determined by reference to a benchmark rate that is, or may in the
future become, the subject of regulatory reform or cessation. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility
for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of
or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or Term SOFR, or any component
definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including
any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement
rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the
same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or Term SOFR or any other
Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes.
The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of
the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any alternative, successor or replacement
rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower.
The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the
Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind,
including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort,
contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided
by any such information source or service. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent
will have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective
without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document. The Administrative
Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the
use or administration of Term SOFR. 

Article
II 
 
The Term Loan 

Section 2.01. Term
Credit Facility . On the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth, including Article III , each
Lender severally agrees to make a loan in Dollars to the Borrower (the Term Loan on the Closing Date, in
each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to such Lender s Commitment and, as to all Lenders, in an aggregate principal
amount equal to the Facility Amount. Such borrowing of the Term Loan is referred to herein as the Borrowing .
Within such limits and subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Borrower may borrow the Term Loan under
this Section 2.01 and prepay the Term Loan under Section 2.05 . 

Section 2.02. Making
of the Term Loan . (a) The Borrower, or the Collateral Manager on its behalf, shall give the Administrative Agent and
the Collateral Agent (i) a written notice (each, a Notice of Borrowing for such Borrowing (which notice
shall be irrevocable and effective upon receipt), (ii) a list of Collateral Loans being purchased from the BDC pursuant to the
Purchase and Contribution Agreement on the Closing Date, and (iii) completed forms of Compliance Certificate, Compliance
Calculation Sheet and a calculation of the Excess Concentration Amounts as set forth in the forms of Monthly
Report Schedule 2 to this Agreement) as of the Closing Date, in each case not later than 12:00 noon on the Business Day
prior to the day of the Closing Date. A Notice of Borrowing received after 3:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the following
Business Day. 

- 53 - 

Promptly
following receipt of a Notice of Borrowing in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable
Lender of the details thereof and of the amounts of such Lender s Term Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.
The Notice of Borrowing shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A , dated the date the request for the related Borrowing
is being made, signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager, as applicable, and shall otherwise be
appropriately completed. 

(b) Each
Lender shall, not later than 1:00 p.m. on each Borrowing Date, make its Percentage of the Term Loan on the Closing Date by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to the Collateral Agent Account. 

Section 2.03. Evidence
of Indebtedness . (a) Maintenance of Records by Lender . Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual
practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to it and resulting from the Term Loan made by such
Lender to the Borrower, from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest thereon and paid to it, from time to
time hereunder, provided that the failure of any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not
in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Term Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(b) Maintenance
of Records by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall maintain records in which it shall record (i) the amount
of the Term Loan made hereunder, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from
the Borrower to each Lender hereunder, and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the
account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 

(c) Effect
of Entries. The entries made in the records maintained pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be prima facie
evidence, absent obvious error, of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that
the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such records or any error therein shall not in any manner affect
the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Term Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

Section 2.04. Payment
of Principal and Interest . The Borrower shall pay principal and Interest on the Term Loan as follows: 

(a) 100 
of the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan, together with all accrued and unpaid Interest thereon, shall be payable
on the Final Maturity Date. 

- 54 - 

(b) Interest
shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan at the applicable Interest Rate from the date of the Term Loan until
such principal amount is paid in full. The Administrative Agent shall determine the unpaid Interest payable thereto prior to each
Payment Date (using the applicable Interest Rate for each day during the related Interest Accrual Period) to be paid by the Borrower
with respect to the Term Loan on each Payment Date for the related Interest Accrual Period and shall advise the Collateral Manager
and the Collateral Administrator thereof on the sixth Business Day prior to such Payment Date. The Administrative Agent shall
send a consolidated invoice of all such Interest to the Borrower on the Business Day following the Administrative Agent s
receipt of all such information from the Lenders. 

(c) Accrued
Interest on the Term Loan shall be payable in arrears (x) on each Payment Date, and (y) in connection with any prepayment in full
of the Term Loan pursuant to Section 2.05(a) ; provided that (i) with respect to any prepayment in full of
the Term Loan outstanding, accrued Interest on such amount to but excluding the date of prepayment may be payable on such date
or as otherwise agreed to between the Lenders and the Borrower and (ii) with respect to any partial prepayment of the Term Loan
outstanding, accrued Interest on such amount to but excluding the date of prepayment shall be payable following such prepayment
on the applicable Payment Date for the Collection Period in which such prepayment occurred. 

(d) Subject
in all cases to Section 2.04(f) , the obligation of the Borrower to pay the Obligations, including the obligation of
the Borrower to pay the Lenders the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan and accrued interest thereon, shall be absolute,
unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms hereof (including Section 2.14 ),
under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment which the Borrower or any other
Person may have or have had against any Secured Party or any other Person. 

(e) As
a condition to the payment of principal of and Interest on the Term Loan without the imposition of withholding tax, the Borrower
or either Agent may require certification acceptable to it to enable the Borrower and the Agents to determine their duties and
liabilities with respect to any taxes or other charges that they may be required to deduct or withhold from payments in respect
of the Term Loan under any present or future law or regulation of the United States and any other applicable jurisdiction, or
any present or future law or regulation of any political subdivision thereof or taxing authority therein or to comply with any
reporting or other requirements under any such law or regulation. 

(f) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement are limited recourse obligations of
the Borrower payable solely from the Collateral and, following realization of the Collateral, and application of the proceeds
thereof in accordance with the Priority of Payments and, subject to Section 2.12 , all obligations of and any claims
against the Borrower hereunder or in connection herewith after such realization shall be extinguished and shall not thereafter
revive. No recourse shall be had against any officer, director, employee, shareholder, Affiliate, member, manager, agent, partner,
principal or incorporator of the Borrower or their respective successors or assigns for any amounts payable under this Agreement.
It is understood that the foregoing provisions of this clause (f) shall not (i) prevent recourse to the Collateral
for the sums due or to become due under any security, instrument or agreement which is part of the Collateral or (ii) constitute
a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness or obligation evidenced by this Agreement until such Collateral has been realized.
It is further understood that the foregoing provisions of this clause (f) shall not limit the right of any Person
to name the Borrower as a party defendant in any proceeding or in the exercise of any other remedy under this Agreement, so long
as no judgment in the nature of a deficiency judgment or seeking personal liability shall be asked for or (if obtained) enforced
against the Borrower. 

- 55 - 

(g) Subject
to Section 2.18 , if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest
error) that the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, on or prior to the first day
of any Interest Accrual Period, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon notice thereof
by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to continue the Term Loan bearing interest at a rate
based upon the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Interest Accrual Periods) until the Administrative
Agent revokes such notice. 

Section 2.05. Prepayment
of the Term Loan . (a) Optional Prepayments. The Borrower may, from time to time on any Business Day, voluntarily prepay
the Term Loan in whole or in part, without penalty or premium; provided that the Borrower shall have delivered to
the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent written notice of such prepayment (such notice, a Notice of Prepayment in the form of Exhibit B not later than 3:00 p.m. at least one (1) Business Day prior to the day of such prepayment. Each
such Notice of Prepayment shall be irrevocable and effective upon receipt and shall be dated the date such notice is being given,
signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and otherwise appropriately completed. Further, each such Notice of Prepayment
shall specify the Borrowing(s) for which such prepayment shall be applied to. Each prepayment of the Term Loan by the Borrower
pursuant to this Section 2.05(a) shall in each case be in a principal amount of at least 500,000 or, if less, the
entire outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan of the Borrower. If a Notice of Prepayment is given by the Borrower, the
Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified
therein. The Borrower shall make the payment amount specified in such notice by wire transfer of immediately available funds by
2:00 p.m. to the Agent s Account. The Administrative Agent promptly will make such payment amount specified in such notice
available to each Lender in the amount of each Lender s Percentage of the payment amount by wire transfer to such Lender s
account. Any funds for purposes of a voluntary prepayment received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed
received on the next Business Day. 

- 56 - 

(b) Mandatory
Prepayments. The Borrower shall prepay (i) the Term Loan on each Payment Date in the manner and to the extent provided in
the Priority of Payments and (ii) if the Minimum Obligor Amortization Test is not satisfied as of any day, the outstanding Term
Loan not later than the earliest of (x) the next Payment Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments and (y) 30 days following
such Determination Date. The Borrower shall provide, in each Monthly Report, notice of the aggregate amount of the Term Loan that
is to be prepaid on the related Payment Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 

(c) Additional
Prepayment Provisions. Each prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.05 shall be subject to Sections 2.04(c) and 2.10 and applied to the Term Loan in accordance with the Lenders respective Percentages. 

(d) 
 Interest on Prepaid Term Loan. If requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall pay all accrued and
unpaid Interest on the Term Loan prepaid on the date of such prepayment. 

Section 2.06. Reserved . 

Section 2.07. 
 Maximum Lawful Rate . It is the intention of the parties hereto that the interest on the Term Loan shall not
exceed the maximum rate permissible under Applicable Law. Accordingly, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in
the event any interest is charged to, collected from or received from or on behalf of the Borrower by the Lenders pursuant
hereto or thereto in excess of such maximum lawful rate, then the excess of such payment over that maximum shall be applied
first to the payment of amounts then due and owing by the Borrower to the Secured Parties under this Agreement (other than in
respect of principal of and interest on the Term Loan) and then to the reduction of the outstanding principal amount of the
Term Loan of the Borrower. 

Section 2.08. 
 Several Obligations . The failure of any Lender to make the Term Loan to be made by it on the Closing Date
shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation to make its Term Loan on such date, neither Agent shall be responsible
for the failure of any Lender to make the Term Loan, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender
to make the Term Loan to be made by such other Lender. 

Section 2.09. Increased
Costs . (a) Except with respect to taxes, which shall be governed exclusively by Section 16.03 , if, due to either
(i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation, application or implementation of any Applicable Law or
GAAP or other applicable accounting policy after the Closing Date, or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or change in
the interpretation, application or implementation of any guideline or request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority
(whether or not having the force of law) after the Closing Date (a Regulatory Change ), there shall be any
increase in the cost to any Affected Person of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining the Term Loan to the Borrower,
then the Borrower shall from time to time in accordance with the Priority of Payments, on the Payment Date occurring at least
5 Business Days following such Affected Person s demand, pay in accordance with the Priority of Payments such Affected Person
such additional amounts as may be sufficient to compensate such Affected Person for such increased cost. A certificate setting
forth in reasonable detail the amount of such increased cost, submitted to the Borrower by an Affected Person (with a copy to
the Agents), shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
each of (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
or issued in connection therewith, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International
Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign
regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III shall be deemed to have been introduced after the Closing Date, thereby
constituting a Regulatory Change hereunder with respect to the Affected Person as of the Closing Date, regardless of the date
enacted, adopted or issued. 

- 57 - 

(b) If
an Affected Person determines that compliance with any Applicable Law, request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority
charged with the interpretation or administration thereof (whether or not having the force of law) or any Regulatory Change, in
each case, introduced or made after the Closing Date (i) affects the amount of capital or liquidity required to be maintained
by such Affected Person and that the amount of such capital or liquidity is increased by or based upon the existence of such Affected
Person s Commitment under this Agreement or upon such Affected Person s making, funding or maintaining the Term Loan
or (ii) reduces the rate of return of an Affected Person to a level below that which such Affected Person could have achieved
but for such compliance (taking into consideration such Affected Person s policies with respect to capital adequacy and
liquidity), then the Borrower shall from time to time (and, to the extent the funds available for payment thereof by the Borrower
are insufficient to pay such amounts in full on the applicable Payment Date, the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Borrower,
shall be obligated to pay such amounts in accordance with the Priority of Payments), on the Payment Date occurring at least 5
Business Days following such Affected Person s demand, pay in accordance with the Priority of Payments such additional amounts
which are sufficient to compensate such Affected Person for such increase in capital or liquidity or reduced return. If any Affected
Person becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.09(b) , it shall notify, within
a commercially reasonable time, the Borrower (with a copy to the Agents) of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled.
A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail such amounts submitted to the Borrower by an Affected Person shall be conclusive
and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

(c) Upon
the occurrence of any event giving rise to the Borrower s obligation to pay additional amounts to a Lender pursuant to clauses
(a) or (b) of this Section 2.09 , such Lender shall (at the request of the Borrower), use reasonable efforts (subject
to the customary practices of such Lender) to minimize any increased amounts payable by the Borrower which at first shall include,
but not be limited to, designating a different lending office for the funding or the booking of its Term Loan hereunder or to
assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender,
such designation or assignment would reduce or obviate the obligations of the Borrower to make future payments of such additional
amounts; provided that such designation is made on such terms that such Lender and its lending office suffer no
unreimbursed cost or material legal or regulatory disadvantage (as reasonably determined by such Lender), with the object of avoiding
future consequence of the event giving rise to the operation of any such provision. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable
costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

- 58 - 

Section 2.10. Compensation;
Breakage Payments . The Borrower agrees to compensate each Affected Person from time to time, on the Payment Dates, following
such Affected Person s written request (which request shall set forth the basis for requesting such amounts), in accordance
with the Priority of Payments for all reasonable losses, expenses and liabilities (including any interest paid by such Affected
Person to lenders of funds borrowed to make or carry the Term Loan that was computed by reference to the Term SOFR Reference Rate
and any loss sustained by such Affected Person in connection with the re-employment of such funds but excluding loss of anticipated
profits), which such Affected Person may sustain: (i) if for any reason (including any failure of a condition precedent set
forth in Article III but excluding a default by the applicable Lender) a Borrowing of the Term Loan does not occur
on the Borrowing Date, (ii) if any payment or prepayment of the Term Loan is not made on any date specified in a Notice of
Prepayment given by the Borrower or (iii) as a consequence of any other default by the Borrower to repay the Term Loan when
required by the terms of this Agreement. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.10 submitted
to the Borrower by any Lender (with a copy to the Agents, and accompanied by a reasonably detailed calculation of such amounts
and a description of the basis for requesting such amounts) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 

Section 2.11. Regulatory
Change; Capital Adequacy; Illegality . (a) If any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Affiliate of the foregoing
(each of which, an Affected Party shall be charged any fee, expense or increased cost on account of a Regulatory
Change (including, without limitation, any change by way of imposition or increase of reserve requirements) or other circumstances
adversely affecting the availability of Term SOFR (i) that subjects any Affected Party to any charge or withholding on or with
respect to any Facility Document or an Affected Party s obligations under a Facility Document, or on or with respect to
the Term Loan, or changes the basis of taxation of payments to any Affected Party of any amounts payable under any Facility Document
(except for changes in the rate of tax on the overall net income of an Affected Party or taxes indemnified by or excluded by Section
16.03 or (ii) that imposes, modifies or deems applicable any reserve, assessment, insurance charge, special deposit or similar
requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of an Affected Party, or credit extended by an Affected Party
pursuant to a Facility Document or (iii) that imposes any other condition the result of which is to increase the cost to an Affected
Party of performing its obligations under a Facility Document, or to reduce the rate of return on an Affected Party s capital
as a consequence of its obligations under a Facility Document, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by an
Affected Party under a Facility Document or to require any payment calculated by reference to the amount of interests or loans
held or interest received by it, then, not later than ten (10) days following demand by the applicable Lender, Borrower shall
pay to the Administrative Agent, for payment to the applicable Lender for the benefit of the relevant Affected Party, such amounts
charged to such Affected Party or such amounts to otherwise compensate such Affected Party for such increased cost or such reduction.
For purposes hereof Regulatory Change shall mean, with respect to any Affected Party, (A) the adoption, change,
implementation, change in the phase-in or commencement of effectiveness of after the date hereof of: (i) any United States Federal
or state or foreign law, regulation, treaty or official directive applicable to such Affected Party, (ii) regulation (including
any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy), interpretation, rule, directive, requirement or request (whether
or not having the force of law) applicable to such Affected Party of (1) any court or government authority charged with the interpretation
or administration of any law referred to in clause (A)(i) above, or (2) any rating agency, fiscal, monetary or other authority
having jurisdiction over such Affected Party, or (iii) GAAP or regulatory accounting principles applicable to such Affected Party
and affecting the application to such Affected Party of any law, regulation, interpretation, directive, requirement or request
referred to in clauses (A)(i) or (A)(ii) above; (B) any change in the application to such Affected Party of any
existing law, regulation, interpretation, directive, requirement, request or accounting principles referred to in clauses (A)(i) ,
 (A)(ii) or (A)(iii) above or any change in the interpretation, application or administration thereof by any governmental
authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance with any
request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency; or (C)
the compliance, whether commenced prior to or after the date hereof, by any Affected Party with the requirements of (i) the final
rule titled Risk-Based Capital Guidelines; Capital Adequacy Guidelines; Capital Maintenance: Regulatory Capital; Impact
of Modifications to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles; Consolidation of Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Programs; and Other
Related Issues , adopted by the United States bank regulatory agencies on December 15, 2009, or any rules, regulations,
guidance, interpretations or directives promulgated or issued in connection therewith by such agency (whether or not having force
of law), (ii) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act adopted by Congress on July 21, 2010, or any existing
or future rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations or directives from the United States bank regulatory agencies relating
thereto (whether or not having the force of law), (iii) the July 1988 paper or the June 2006 paper prepared by the Basel Committee
on Banking Supervision as set out in the publication entitled: International Convergence of Capital Measurements and Capital
Standards: a Revised Framework , as updated from time to time, or any rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations or directives
promulgated or issued in connection therewith by the United States bank regulatory agencies (whether or not having force of law)
and (iv) any guideline or request from any central bank or other governmental agency or authority (whether or not having the force
of law). 

- 59 - 

(b) If
as a result of any event or circumstance similar to those described in clause (a) of this Section 2.11 , an Affected Party
is required to compensate a bank or other financial institution providing liquidity support, credit enhancement or other similar
support or financing to such Affected Party in connection with this Agreement or the funding or maintenance of the Term Loan hereunder,
then within ten (10) days after demand by such Affected Party, the Borrower shall pay to such Affected Party such additional amount
or amounts as may be necessary to reimburse such Affected Party for any such amounts paid by it. 

(c) Failure
or delay on the part of any Affected Party to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall not constitute a
waiver of such Affected Party s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be
required to compensate an Affected Party pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more
than nine (9) months prior to the date that such Affected Party notifies the Borrower of the event or circumstance similar to
those described in clause (a) of this Section 2.11 giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Affected
Party s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided , further, that if the Regulatory Change giving
rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine (9) month period referred to above shall be extended
to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

- 60 - 

(d) In
determining any amount provided for in this section, the Affected Party may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods.
Any Affected Party making a claim under this section shall submit to the Borrower a certificate as to such additional or increased
cost or reduction, which certificate shall calculate in reasonable detail any such charges and shall be conclusive absent manifest
error. For the avoidance of doubt, no amounts payable under this Section 2.11 shall be in duplication of amounts received under
Section 2.09. 

Section 2.12. Rescission
or Return of Payment . The Borrower agrees that, if at any time (including after the occurrence of the Final Maturity Date)
all or any part of any payment theretofore made by it to any Secured Party or any designee of a Secured Party is or must be rescinded
or returned for any reason whatsoever (including the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates),
the obligation of the Borrower to make such payment to such Secured Party shall, for the purposes of this Agreement, to the extent
that such payment is or must be rescinded or returned, be deemed to have continued in existence and this Agreement shall continue
to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, as to such obligations, all as though such payment had not been made. 

Section 2.13. Past
Due Interest . The Borrower shall pay interest on all Obligations other than amounts due under Section 16.04(a) and
other Administrative Expenses that are not paid when due for the period from the due date thereof until the date the same is paid
in full at the Past Due Rate. Interest payable at the Past Due Rate shall be payable on each Payment Date in accordance with the
Priority of Payments. 

Section 2.14. Payments
Generally . (a) All amounts owing and payable to any Secured Party, any Affected Person or any Indemnified Party, in respect
of the Term Loan and other Obligations, including the principal thereof, interest, fees, indemnities, expenses or other amounts
payable under this Agreement, shall be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent for account of the applicable recipient
in Dollars, in immediately available funds, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, and all without counterclaim, setoff,
deduction, defense, abatement, suspension or deferment. The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall provide wire instructions
to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Payments must be received by the Administrative Agent for
account of the Lenders on or prior to 3:00 p.m. on a Business Day; provided that, payments received by the Administrative
Agent after 3:00 p.m. on a Business Day will be deemed to have been paid on the next following Business Day. 

(b) Except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, all computations of interest, fees and other Obligations shall be made on the basis of
a year of 360 days for the actual number of days elapsed in computing interest on the Term Loan, the date of the making of
the Term Loan shall be included and the date of payment shall be excluded; provided that, if the Term Loan is repaid
on the same day on which it is made, one day s Interest shall be paid on the Term Loan. All computations made by a Lender,
the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent under this Agreement shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

- 61 - 

Section 2.15. Increase
in Facility Amount . The Borrower may, on any Business Day prior to the Initial Period Termination Date, request an increase
in the Facility Amount by delivering a request substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F (each, a Facility
Amount Increase Request to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) or in such other form acceptable
to the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior to the desired effective date of such increase (the Facility
Amount Increase identifying an additional Lender (or additional Commitments for existing Lender(s) which have consented
to such increase), and the amount of its Commitment (or additional amount of its Commitment(s)); provided , however ,
that (i) any increase of the aggregate amount of the Facility Amount shall be in an amount not less than 5,000,000, (ii) no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of the request or the effective date of the Facility
Amount Increase, (iii) all representations and warranties contained in Article IV hereof (as the same may be amended
from time to time) shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for representations and warranties already qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct) at the time of such request and on the effective date
of such Facility Amount Increase, (iv) unless such increase is increasing the Commitment of, and with the written consent of,
an existing Lender, (v) the Administrative Agent shall have provided its written consent to such increase (which consent shall
be in its sole discretion) and (vi) the Administrative Agent shall have received such legal opinions and other documents reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith. The effective date of the Facility Amount Increase shall be agreed
upon by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Upon the effectiveness thereof, the new Lender(s) (or, if applicable, existing
Lender(s)) shall make an additional Term Loan in an amount sufficient such that after giving effect to its advance each Lender
shall have outstanding its Percentage of the Term Loan. The Borrower agrees to promptly pay any reasonable expenses of the Administrative
Agent relating to any Facility Amount Increase. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Lender shall have any obligation
to increase its Term Loan and no Lender s Term Loan shall be increased without its consent thereto, and each Lender may
at its option, unconditionally and without cause, decline to increase its Term Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, each Term Loan
made under a Facility Amount Increase shall be subject to the same terms (including pricing) as the Term Loan previously made
on the then-existing Facility Amount. 

Section 2.16. Reserved . 

Section 2.17. Reserved . 

Section 2.18. Effect
of a Benchmark Transition Event . 

(a) Benchmark
Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark
Transition Event, this Agreement may be amended to replace the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark
Replacement by a written document executed by the Borrower, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent, subject to the
requirements of this Section 2.18 . No replacement of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant
to this Section 2.18 will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 

- 62 - 

(b) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement,
the Administrative Agent will have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to make Conforming Changes from time to time
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming
Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Facility
Document. 

(c) Notices;
Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders in
writing of the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes. Any determination,
decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.18 , including,
without limitation, any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment, or implementation of any Conforming Changes,
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action,
will be conclusive and binding on all parties hereto absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and
without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.18 
and shall not be a basis of any claim of liability of any kind or nature by any party hereto, all such claims being hereby waived
individually by each party hereto. 

(d) Unavailability
of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, at any time (including
in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if any then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including
the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service
that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator
of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication
of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned
with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the Administrative
Agent may modify the definition of Interest Accrual Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark
settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (ii) if
a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service
for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not
or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO)
Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify
the definition of Interest Accrual Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at
or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

- 63 - 

Article
III 
 
 Conditions Precedent 

Section 3.01. Conditions
Precedent to Term Loan . The obligation of each Lender to make the Term Loan hereunder shall be subject to the conditions precedent
that the Administrative Agent shall have received on or before the Closing Date the following, each in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 

(a) the
Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing, a list of Collateral Loans being purchased from the BDC pursuant
to the Purchase and Contribution Agreement on the Closing Date, and completed forms of Compliance Certificate, Compliance
Calculation Sheet and a calculation of the Excess Concentration Amounts as set forth in the forms of Monthly
Report Schedule 2 to this Agreement) as of the Closing Date, with respect to the Term Loan delivered in accordance with
 Section 2.02 ; 

(b) each
of the Facility Documents duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto, which shall each be in full force and effect; 

(c) true
and complete copies of the Constituent Documents of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager as in effect on the Funding Effective
Date; 

(d) true
and complete copies certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower of all Governmental Authorizations, Private Authorizations
and Governmental Filings, if any, required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

(e) a
certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (i) as to its Constituent Documents, (ii) as to its
resolutions or other action of its board of directors or members approving this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to
which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby, (iii) that its representations and warranties set forth in
the Facility Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date (except to
the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), (iv) no Default or Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, and (v) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each of its Responsible Officers authorized to
execute the Facility Documents to which it is a party; 

(f) a
certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager certifying (i) as to its Constituent Documents, (ii) as to its
resolutions or other action of its board of directors or members approving this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to
which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby, (iii) that its representations and warranties set forth in the
Facility Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date (except to the
extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), (iv) to the knowledge of the Collateral Manager,
no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and (v) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each of
its Responsible Officers authorized to execute the Facility Documents to which it is a party; 

- 64 - 

(g) a
certificate of a Responsible Officer of the BDC certifying (i) as to its Constituent Documents, (ii) as to its resolutions or
other action of its board of directors, partners or members approving this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which
it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby, (iii) that its representations and warranties set forth in the Facility
Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such
representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be
true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), (iv) to the knowledge of the BDC, no Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Purchase and Contribution Agreement, and (v) as to the incumbency and specimen
signature of each of its Responsible Officers authorized to execute the Facility Documents to which it is a party; 

(h) UCC
financing statements, under the UCC in all jurisdictions that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or desirable in order to
perfect the interests in the Collateral contemplated by this Agreement; 

(i) copies
of proper financing statements, if any, necessary to release all security interests and other rights of any Person in the Collateral
previously granted by the Borrower or any transferor; 

(j) legal
opinions (addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders) of Winston Strawn LLP, counsel to
the Borrower and the Collateral Manager and Nixon Peabody LLP, counsel to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator,
and the Document Custodian covering such matters as the Administrative Agent and its counsel shall reasonably request including
security interest, corporate, and true sale and non-consolidation matters; 

(k) evidence
reasonably satisfactory to it that all of the Covered Accounts shall have been established; and the Account Control Agreement
shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Intermediary,
and shall be in full force and effect; 

(l) evidence
that (x) all fees due and owing to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association
and U.S. Bank National Association in their respective capacities hereunder, on or prior to the Closing Date have been received
or will be contemporaneous with closing; and (y) the reasonable and documented accrued fees and expenses of Chapman and Cutler
LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent, and Nixon Peabody LLP, counsel to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, in
its respective capacities hereunder, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (to the extent invoiced prior to
the Closing Date and required to be paid by the Borrower hereunder), shall have been paid by the Borrower or will be contemporaneous
with closing; 

- 65 - 

(m) unaudited
consolidated financial statements of the Collateral Manager for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022; 

(n) Delivery
of any Collateral (including any promissory note, executed assignment agreements and word or pdf copies of the principal credit
agreement for each initial Collateral Loan, to the extent received by the Borrower) to the extent required in accordance with
the provisions of Article XIV shall have been effected; 

(o) a
certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that, in the case of each item
of Collateral pledged to the Collateral Agent, on the Closing Date and immediately prior to the delivery thereof on the Closing
Date: 

(i) the
Borrower is the owner of such Collateral free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances of any nature whatsoever except for
(A) those which are being released on the Closing Date and (B) Permitted Liens; 

(ii) the
Borrower has acquired its ownership in such Collateral in good faith without notice of any adverse claim, except as described
in clause (i) above; 

(iii) the
Borrower has not assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered any interest in such Collateral (or, if any such interest has been
assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered, it has been released) other than interests granted or expressly permitted pursuant
to this Agreement; 

(iv) the
Borrower has full right to grant a security interest in and assign and pledge such Collateral to the Collateral Agent; and 

(v) upon
grant by the Borrower, the Collateral Agent has a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral, except as permitted
by this Agreement; 

(p) all
documentation and other information requested by any such Lender required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know
your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act; and the Administrative Agent
shall have received a fully executed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or its equivalent) for the Borrower, the Collateral Manager
and the BDC; 

(q) a
closing certificate from the Borrower substantially in the form set forth on Exhibit H hereto; 

- 66 - 

(r) such
other opinions, instruments, certificates and documents from the Borrower, the Collateral Manager and the BDC as the Agents, the
Document Custodian, the Collateral Administrator or any Lender shall have reasonably requested; 

(s) [reserved];
and 

(t) an
executed Certificate of Beneficial Ownership and all documentation and other information requested by any such Lender required
by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations,
including the Patriot Act. 

Article
IV 
 
 Representations and Warranties 

Section 4.01. Representations
and Warranties of the Borrower . The Borrower represents and warrants to each of the Secured Parties on and as of each Measurement
Date (and, in respect of clause (i) below, each date such information is provided by or on behalf of it), as follows: 

(a) Due
Organization . The Borrower is a limited liability company duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State
of Delaware, with full power and authority to own and operate its assets and properties, conduct the business in which it is now
engaged and to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which
it is a party. 

(b) Due
Qualification and Good Standing . The Borrower is in good standing in the State of Delaware. The Borrower is duly qualified
to do business and, to the extent applicable, is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which the nature of its business,
assets and properties, including the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Facility Documents to which
it is a party and its Constituent Documents, requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good
standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Due
Authorization ; Execution and Delivery; Legal, Valid and Binding; Enforceability . The execution and delivery by the
Borrower of, and the performance of its obligations under the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the other instruments,
certificates and agreements contemplated thereby are within its powers and have been duly authorized by all requisite action by
it and have been duly executed and delivered by it and constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations enforceable against
it in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) general principles of equity,
regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law or (iii) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing. 

- 67 - 

(d) Non-Contravention .
None of the execution and delivery by the Borrower of this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is a party, the
Borrowings or the pledge of the Collateral hereunder, the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, or
compliance by it with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) conflict with, or result in a material
breach or violation of, or constitute a default under its Constituent Documents, (ii) conflict with or contravene (A) any
Applicable Law, (B) any indenture, agreement or other contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets,
including any Related Document, or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it
or any of its assets or properties or (iii) result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, or permit
the acceleration of any obligation or liability in, or but for any requirement of the giving of notice or the passage of time
(or both) would constitute such a conflict with, breach or violation of, or default under, or permit any such acceleration in,
any contractual obligation or any agreement or document to which it is a party or by which it or any of its assets are bound (or
to which any such obligation, agreement or document relates), except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, where
such conflicts, contravention, breaches, violations or defaults could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) Governmental
Authorizations; Private Authorizations; Governmental Filings . The Borrower has obtained, maintained and kept in full force
and effect all Governmental Authorizations and Private Authorizations which are necessary for it to properly carry out its business,
except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and made all material Governmental
Filings necessary for the execution and delivery by it of the Facility Documents to which it is a party, the Borrowings by the
Borrower under this Agreement, the pledge of the Collateral by the Borrower under this Agreement and the performance by the Borrower
of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Facility Documents, and no material Governmental Authorization, Private Authorization
or Governmental Filing which has not been obtained or made, is required to be obtained or made by it in connection with the execution
and delivery by it of any Facility Document to which it is a party, the Borrowings by the Borrower under this Agreement, the pledge
of the Collateral by the Borrower under this Agreement or the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and the other
Facility Documents to which it is a party. 

(f) Compliance
with Agreements, Laws, Etc . The Borrower has duly observed and complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws
relating to the conduct of its business and its assets. The Borrower has preserved and kept in full force and effect its rights,
privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Without limiting the foregoing, (x) to the extent applicable, the Borrower is in compliance in all material
respects with the regulations and rules promulgated by the U.S. Department of Treasury and/or administered by the U.S. Office
of Foreign Asset Controls OFAC ), including U.S. Executive Order No. 13224, and other related statutes, laws
and regulations (collectively, the Subject Laws ), (y) the Borrower has adopted internal controls and
procedures designed to ensure its continued compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Subject
Laws and to the extent applicable, will adopt procedures consistent in all material respects with the PATRIOT Act and implementing
regulations, and (z) to the knowledge of the Borrower (based on the implementation of its internal procedures and controls),
no investor in the Borrower is a Person whose name appears on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked
Persons maintained by the OFAC. 

- 68 - 

(g) Location .
The Borrower s chief place of business and its chief executive office are located in the State of Illinois. The Borrower s
registered office and the jurisdiction of organization of the Borrower is the jurisdiction referred to in Section 4.01(a) . 

(h) Investment
Company Act . Assuming compliance by each of the Lenders and any participant with Section 16.06(e) , neither the Borrower
nor the pool of Collateral is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Facility Documents do not result in the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent or the Lenders holding an ownership interest in a covered fund for purposes of the Volcker Rule. 

(i) Information
and Reports . The Notice of Borrowing, each Monthly Report and all other written information, reports, certificates and statements
(other than projections and forward-looking statements) furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to any Secured Party for purposes
of or in connection with this Agreement, the other Facility Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby are (when
taken as a whole) true and correct in all material respects and does not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
contained therein not misleading as of the date such information is stated or certified. All projections and forward-looking statements
furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower were prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the
time they were provided. 

(j) ERISA .
Neither the Borrower nor any member of the ERISA Group has, or during the past five years had, any liability or obligation with
respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan. 

(k) Taxes .
The Borrower has filed all income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed by it, if any,
and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns, if any, or pursuant to any assessment received by any such
Person, other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and
for which appropriate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established. 

(l) Tax
Status . For U.S. federal income tax purposes the Borrower is (i) disregarded as an entity separate from its owner and
(ii) has not made an election under U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3 and is not otherwise treated as an association
taxable as a corporation. 

- 69 - 

(m) Collections .
 The Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Borrower) has instructed all Obligors
or related administrative and paying agents under the Related Documents (or with respect to any Closing Date Participatio n
Interest for which the Elevation Date has not yet occurred, MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC) to remit all Collections directly to the
Collection Account. 

(n) Plan
Assets . The assets of the Borrower are not treated as plan assets for purposes of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.03-101
and Section 3(42) of ERISA (the Plan Asset Rule and the Collateral is not deemed to be plan
assets for purposes of the Plan Asset Rule. The Borrower has not taken, or omitted to take, any action which would result
in any of the Collateral being treated as plan assets for purposes of the Plan Asset Rule or, assuming that the
assets of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are not deemed to be plan assets for the
purposes of the Plan Asset Rule, the occurrence of any Prohibited Transaction in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereunder. 

(o) Solvency .
After giving effect to the Term Loan hereunder, and the disbursement of the proceeds of the Term Loan, the Borrower is and will
be Solvent. 

(p) Representations
Relating to the Collateral . The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that: 

(i) it
owns and has legal and beneficial title to all Collateral Loans (or, in the case of a Closing Date Participation
Interest or a Facility Amount Increase Participation Interest for which the Elevation Date has not yet occurred, it
is the sole beneficial owner thereof) and other Collateral free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person, other
than Permitted Liens; 

(ii) other
than Permitted Liens, the Borrower has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any
of the Collateral. The Borrower has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements or any equivalent
filing in any applicable jurisdiction against the Borrower that include a description of collateral covering the Collateral other
than any financing statement or any equivalent filing in any applicable jurisdiction relating to the security interest granted
to the Collateral Agent hereunder or that has been terminated; and the Borrower is not aware of any judgment, PBGC liens or tax
lien filings against the Borrower or any of its assets; 

(iii) the
Collateral constitutes Money, Cash, accounts (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(2) of the UCC), Instruments, general intangibles
(as defined in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC), Uncertificated Securities, Certificated Securities or Security Entitlements
to Financial Assets resulting from the crediting of Financial Assets to a securities account (as defined in Section 8-501(a)
of the UCC); 

- 70 - 

(iv) all
Covered Accounts constitute securities accounts under Section 8-501(a) of the UCC; 

(v) this
Agreement creates a valid, continuing and, upon Delivery of Collateral, filing of the financing statement referred to in clause
(vii) and execution of the Account Control Agreement, perfected security interest (as defined in Section 1-201(37) of
the UCC) in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties, which security
interest is prior to all other liens, claims and encumbrances (other than Permitted Liens), and is enforceable as such against
creditors of and purchasers from the Borrower; 

(vi) the
Borrower has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Related Documents in respect of such Collateral
to the pledge hereunder to the Collateral Agent of its interest and rights in such Collateral; 

(vii) with
respect to the Collateral that constitutes accounts or general intangibles (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC), the
Borrower has caused or will have caused, on or prior to the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate financing statements in
the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the
Collateral granted to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit and security of the Secured Parties, hereunder (which the Borrower
hereby agrees may be an all asset filing). Such filing of a financing statement is sufficient to perfect such security
interest under applicable law (to the extent a security interest may be perfected under the UCC solely by filing of a financing
statement); and 

(viii) with
respect to Collateral that constitutes Security Entitlements, all such Collateral has been and will have been credited to the
applicable Covered Account. 

(q) Eligibility.
 Each Collateral Loan included in a Monthly Report required to be delivered by it under this Agreement as an Eligible Loan
was, in fact, an Eligible Loan and not an Ineligible Loan at such time, unless identified as an Ineligible Loan on such Monthly
Report. 

(r) Anti-Corruption
Laws and Sanctions. The Borrower and its directors, officers, managers and, to its knowledge, its agents, are in compliance
with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. None of (a) the Borrower or its directors, officers or managers, or (b) to
its knowledge, any of its agents that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facilities established
hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing, use of proceeds thereof or other transactions hereunder will violate Anti-Corruption
Laws or applicable Sanctions. 

- 71 - 

(s) Value
Given. The Borrower has given fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value to the BDC in exchange for the purchase of
the Collateral Loans (or any number of them) from the BDC pursuant to the Purchase and Contribution Agreement. No such transfer
has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt owed by the Borrower to the BDC and no such transfer is or may be voidable
or subject to avoidance under any section of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(t) Certificate
of Beneficial Ownership . The Certificate of Beneficial Ownership executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent and Lenders on or prior to the Closing Date, as updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, is accurate,
complete and correct as of the Closing Date and as of the date any such update is delivered. 

Section 4.02. Representations
and Warranties of the Collateral Manager . The Collateral Manager (and the Borrower, where so indicated) represents and warrants
to each of the Secured Parties on and as of each Measurement Date (and in respect of clause (i) below, each date such
information is provided by or on behalf of it), as follows: 

(a) Due
Organization . The Collateral Manager is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware,
with full power and authority to own and operate its assets and properties, conduct the business in which it is now engaged and
to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 

(b) Due
Qualification and Good Standing . The Collateral Manager is in good standing in the State of Maryland. The Collateral Manager
is duly qualified to do business and, to the extent applicable, is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which the nature
of its business, assets and properties, including the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Facility
Documents to which it is a party and its Constituent Documents to which it is a party, requires such qualification, except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Due
Authorization; Execution and Delivery; Legal, Valid and Binding; Enforceability . The execution and delivery by the Collateral
Manager of, and the performance of its obligations under the Facility Documents to which it is a party and the other instruments,
certificates and agreements contemplated thereby are within its powers and have been duly authorized by all requisite action by
it and have been duly executed and delivered by it and constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations enforceable against
it in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally (ii) general principles of equity,
regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law or (iii) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing. 

- 72 - 

(d) Non-Contravention .
None of the execution and delivery by the Collateral Manager of this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which it is
a party, the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, or compliance by it with the terms, conditions and
provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under
its Constituent Documents, (ii) conflict with or contravene (A) any Applicable Law, (B) any indenture, agreement
or other contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets, including any Related Document, or (C) any
order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its assets or properties, or (iii) result
in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, or permit the acceleration of any obligation or liability in, or but
for any requirement of the giving of notice or the passage of time (or both) would constitute such a conflict with, breach or
violation of, or default under, or permit any such acceleration of, any contractual obligation or any agreement or document to
which it is a party or by which it or any of its assets are bound (or to which any such obligation, agreement or document relates),
except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, where such conflicts, contravention, breaches, violations or defaults could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) Governmental
Authorizations; Private Authorizations; Governmental Filings . The Collateral Manager has obtained, maintained and kept in
full force and effect all Governmental Authorizations and Private Authorizations which are necessary for it to properly carry
out its business, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and made
all material Governmental Filings necessary for the execution and delivery by it of the Facility Documents to which it is a party,
and the performance by the Collateral Manager of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Facility Documents, and no material
Governmental Authorization, Private Authorization or Governmental Filing which has not been obtained or made, is required to be
obtained or made by it in connection with the execution and delivery by it of any Facility Document to which it is a party or
the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. 

(f) Compliance
with Agreements, Laws, Etc. The Collateral Manager has duly observed and complied in all material respects with all Applicable
Laws, including the Securities Act and the Investment Company Act, relating to the conduct of its business and its assets. The
Collateral Manager has preserved and kept in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except
where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the foregoing,
(x) to the extent applicable, the Collateral Manager is in compliance in all material respects with Subject Laws, (y) the
Collateral Manager has adopted internal controls and procedures designed to ensure its continued compliance in all material respects
with the applicable provisions of the Subject Laws and to the extent applicable, will adopt procedures consistent in all material
respects with the PATRIOT Act and implementing regulations, once such regulations have been finalized, and (z) to the knowledge
of the Collateral Manager (based on the implementation of its internal procedures and controls), no investor in the Collateral
Manager is a Person whose name appears on the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons 
maintained by the OFAC. 

- 73 - 

(g) Location
of Records . The Collateral Manager s chief place of business, its chief executive office and the office in which the
Collateral Manager maintains its books and records are located in the State of Illinois. The Collateral Manager s registered
office and the jurisdiction of organization of the Collateral Manager is the jurisdiction referred to in Section 4.02(a) . 

(h) Investment
Advisers Act . The Collateral Manager is a Registered Investment Adviser. 

(i) Information
and Reports . The Notice of Borrowing, each Monthly Report and all other written information, reports, certificates and statements
(other than projections and forward-looking statements) furnished by the Collateral Manager to any Secured Party for purposes
of or in connection with this Agreement, the other Facility Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby are (when
taken as a whole) true and correct in all material respects and does not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
contained therein not misleading as of the date such information is stated or certified. All projections and forward-looking statements
furnished by the Collateral Manager were prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time they
were provided. 

(j) ERISA .
Neither the Collateral Manager nor any member of the ERISA Group has, or during the past five years had, any liability or obligation
with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan. 

(k) Taxes .
The Collateral Manager has filed all income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed by it,
if any, and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns, if any, or pursuant to any assessment received by
any such Person, other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
and for which appropriate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established. 

(l) Eligibility.
 Each Collateral Loan included in a Monthly Report required to be delivered by it under this Agreement as an Eligible Loan
was, in fact, an Eligible Loan and not an Ineligible Loan at such time, unless identified as an Ineligible Loan on such Monthly
Report. 

(m) Anti-Corruption
Laws and Sanctions. The Collateral Manager and its subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, managers and, to
its knowledge, its agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. None of (a) the Collateral Manager,
its subsidiaries or their respective directors, officers or managers, or (b) to their respective knowledge, any of their agents
that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facilities established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. 

- 74 - 

Article
V 
 
 Covenants 

Section 5.01. Affirmative
Covenants of the Borrower . The Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the date that all Obligations have been paid in full,
other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted: 

(a) Compliance
with Agreements, Laws, Etc . It shall (i) duly observe, comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relative
to the conduct of its business or to its assets, (ii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, (iii) preserve
and keep in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) comply in all material respects with the terms and
conditions of each Facility Document, its Constituent Documents and each Related Document to which it is a party and (v) obtain,
maintain and keep in full force and effect all Governmental Authorizations, Private Authorizations and Governmental Filings which
are necessary to carry out its business and the transactions contemplated to be performed by it under the Facility Documents,
its Constituent Documents and the Related Documents to which it is a party. 

(b) Enforcement .
(i) It shall not take any action, and will use commercially reasonable efforts not to permit any action to be taken by others,
that would release any Person from any of such Person s material covenants or obligations under any instrument included
in the Collateral, except in the case of (A) repayment of Collateral Loans, (B) subject to the terms of this Agreement,
(i) amendments to Related Documents that govern Defaulted Loans or Ineligible Loans, (ii) amendments to Collateral Loans
in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policies and the Collateral Management Standard, and (iii) actions taken in
connection with the work-out or restructuring of any Collateral Loan in accordance with the provisions hereof, and (C) other
actions by the Collateral Manager to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement or as otherwise required hereby. 

(ii) Except
as provided for in this Agreement, it will not, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required
Lenders, contract with other Persons for the performance of actions and obligations to be performed by the Borrower or the Collateral
Manager hereunder. Notwithstanding any such arrangement, the Borrower shall remain primarily liable with respect thereto. The
Borrower will punctually perform, and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Collateral Manager and such other Person
to perform, all of their obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement or any other Facility Document. 

- 75 - 

(c) Further
Assurances . It shall promptly upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent (acting at the
direction of the Administrative Agent) or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent), at the Borrower s expense,
execute and deliver such further instruments and take such further action in order to maintain and protect the Collateral Agent s
first-priority perfected security interest in the Collateral pledged by the Borrower for the benefit of the Secured Parties free
and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens). At the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent
(acting at the direction of the Administrative Agent) or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent), the Borrower
shall promptly take, at the Borrower s expense, such further action in order to establish and protect the rights, interests
and remedies created or intended to be created under this Agreement in favor of the Secured Parties in the Collateral, including
all actions which are necessary to (x) enable the Secured Parties to enforce their rights and remedies under this Agreement
and the other Facility Documents, and (y) effectuate the intent and purpose of, and to carry out the terms of, the Facility
Documents. Subject to Section 7.02 , and without limiting its obligation to maintain and protect the Collateral Agent s
first priority security interest in the Collateral, the Borrower authorizes the Collateral Agent to file or record financing statements
(including financing statements describing the Collateral as all assets or the equivalent) and other filing or recording
documents or instruments with respect to the Collateral in such form and in such offices and jurisdictions as are necessary to
perfect the security interests of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement under each method of perfection required herein with
respect to the Collateral, provided, that the Collateral Agent does not hereby assume any obligation of the Borrower to
maintain and protect its security interest under this Section 5.01 or Section 7.07 . 

In
addition, the Borrower will take such reasonable action from time to time as shall be necessary to ensure that all assets (including
all Covered Accounts, but excluding all Excluded Amounts) of the Borrower constitute Collateral hereunder. Subject
to the foregoing, the Borrower will, and, upon the reasonable request of Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent (acting at
the direction of the Administrative Agent) shall, at the Borrower s expense, take such other action (including executing
and delivering or authorizing for filing any required UCC financing statements or any other filing required in the appropriate
jurisdictions) as shall be necessary to create and perfect a valid and enforceable first-priority security interest on all Collateral
acquired by the Borrower as collateral security for the Obligations and will in connection therewith deliver such proof of corporate
action, incumbency of officers, opinions of counsel and other documents as is consistent with those delivered by the Borrower
pursuant to Section 3.01 on the Funding Effective Date or as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent (acting at
the direction of the Administrative Agent) or the Required Lenders (through the Administrative Agent) shall have reasonably requested. 

(d) Financial
Statements; Other Information . It shall provide to the Administrative Agent or cause to be provided to the Administrative
Agent (with enough additional copies for each Lender) with a copy to the Collateral Agent: 

(i) within
ninety days after the end of each fiscal year of the BDC, the BDC s audited consolidated balance sheet and related
line item profit and loss statements (including (x) a consolidating schedule showing such statements for the Borrower and (y)
the most recent quarterly valuation statement for the BDC) as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative
form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by independent public accountants of recognized national standing
(without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the
scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial
condition and results of operations of the BDC, and each of its consolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP consistently applied; 

- 76 - 

(ii) within
sixty days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the BDC, each of its unaudited
consolidated balance sheet and related line item profit and loss statements (in the case of the BDC, including (x) a consolidating
schedule showing such statements for the Borrower and (y) the most recent quarterly valuation statement for the BDC) as of the
end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, in each case, to the extent produced, setting
forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance
sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Responsible Officer as presenting fairly in all material
respects the financial condition and results of operations of the BDC and each of its consolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 

(iii) [reserved]; 

(iv) within
two Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager or a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains actual
knowledge of the occurrence and continuance of any (w) Default or (x) Event of Default, a certificate of a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower setting forth the details thereof and the action which the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with
respect thereto; 

(v) from
time to time such additional information regarding the Borrower s financial position or business and the Collateral (including
reasonably detailed calculations of each Coverage Test and each Portfolio Quality Test) as the Administrative Agent or the Required
Lenders (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request if reasonably available to the Borrower; 

(vi) promptly
after the occurrence of any ERISA Event, notice of such ERISA Event and copies of any communications with all Governmental Authorities
or any Multiemployer Plan with respect to such ERISA Event; 

(vii) promptly
after the occurrence of any change in the Borrower s taxpayer identification number, notice of such change on an IRS Form
W-9; 

- 77 - 

(viii) at
least two (2) Business Days prior to doing so, the Borrower shall provide notice of any change in its chief place of business,
its chief executive office or the office in which the Borrower maintains its books and records; 

(ix) on
each Monthly Reporting Date, a Compliance Certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit J calculating each Coverage
Test and the Minimum Equity Amount Test; 

(x) within
90 days after the last day of each fiscal year, a certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent calculating the total net revenue of the Collateral Manager; and 

(xi) as
soon as commercially practicable: (i) promptly upon request therefor by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, confirmation of
the accuracy of the information set forth in the most recent Certificate of Beneficial Ownership provided to the Administrative
Agent and Lenders; (ii) a new Certificate of Beneficial Ownership, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent
and each Lender, when the individual(s) to be identified as a Beneficial Owner have changed; and (iii) such other information
and documentation as may reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender from time to time for purposes of compliance
by the Administrative Agent or such Lender with Applicable Laws (including without limitation the Patriot Act and other know
your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations), and any policy or procedure implemented by the Administrative
Agent or such Lender to comply therewith. 

(e) Access
to Records and Documents . It shall permit the Administrative Agent and each Lender (or any Person designated by the
Administrative Agent or such Lender) to, upon reasonable advance notice (which, so long as no Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, shall not be less than two Business Days) and during normal business hours, visit and inspect and
make copies thereof at reasonable intervals (i) of its books, records and accounts relating to its business, financial
condition, operations, assets and its performance under the Facility Documents and the Related Documents and to discuss the
foregoing with its and such Person s officers, partners, employees and accountants, and (ii) all of its Related
Documents, in each case all as often as the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may reasonably request; provided 
that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, each Person entitled to so visit and inspect the
Borrower s records under this clause (e) may only exercise its rights under this clause (e) 
twice during any fiscal year of the Borrower (it being understood that the Borrower shall be responsible for all costs and
expenses for only one such visit per fiscal year absent the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default). The
Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to coordinate with each other Lender in
exercising their respective rights under this paragraph (e) and under Section 5.03(d) below with a view to
minimizing duplication of effort and expense by the Borrower. 

- 78 - 

(f) Use
of Proceeds . It shall use the proceeds of the Term Loan made hereunder solely to fund or pay the purchase price of Loans (other
than Ineligible Loans) or Eligible Investments acquired by the Borrower in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
herein or for general corporate purposes (including for the avoidance of doubt to make Restricted Payments to its members in respect
of their membership interests in the Borrower). 

Without
limiting the foregoing, it shall use the proceeds of the Term Loan in a manner that does not, directly or indirectly, violate
any provision of its Constituent Documents or any Applicable Law, including Regulation T, Regulation U and Regulation X. 

(g) Audit
Rights . It will permit the Administrative Agent and any Lender (or any representatives thereof (including any
consultants, accountants, lawyers and appraisers)) to conduct evaluations and appraisals of the Borrower s assets at
least once and no more than twice during any fiscal year of the Borrower. The Borrower shall pay the reasonable and
documented fees and expenses of any representatives retained by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to conduct any such
evaluation or appraisal; provided that (i) the Borrower shall not be required to pay such fees and
expenses for more than one such evaluation or appraisal during any calendar year unless an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing and (ii) such evaluation or appraisal shall not be duplicative of any audit under Section 5.03(e) .
Each Lender agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to coordinate with the other Lenders in exercising their respective
rights under this paragraph (g) and under Section 5.03(e) with a view to minimizing duplication of effort and
expense by the Borrower. 

(h) Opinions
as to Collateral . On or before each five (5) year anniversary of the Closing Date until the Final Maturity Date, the Borrower
shall furnish to the Agents an opinion of counsel, addressed to the Borrower, the Lenders and the Agents, relating to the continued
perfection of the security interest granted by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent hereunder. 

(i) No
Other Business . The Borrower shall not engage in any business or activity other than borrowing the Term Loan pursuant to this
Agreement, originating, funding, acquiring, owning, holding, administering, selling, enforcing, lending, exchanging, redeeming,
pledging, contracting for the management of and otherwise dealing with Loans, Eligible Investments and the other Collateral in
connection therewith and entering into and performing its obligations under the Facility Documents, any applicable Related Documents
and any other agreements contemplated by this Agreement, and shall not engage in any activity or take any other action that would
cause the Borrower to be subject to U.S. Federal or material state or local income tax on a net income basis. 

- 79 - 

(j) Tax
Matters. The Borrower shall (and each Lender hereby agrees to) treat the Term Loan as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes
and will take no contrary position, except to the extent required by law. Assuming that such treatment is correct, the Borrower
shall at all times maintain its status as an entity disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax
purposes. The Borrower shall at all times ensure that its owner is and will remain a United States person as defined by Section 7701(a)(30)
of the Code. Notwithstanding any contrary agreement or understanding, the Collateral Manager, the Borrower, the Agents and the
Lenders (and each of their respective employees, representatives or other agents) may disclose to any and all Persons, without
limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all materials
of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to them relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.
The foregoing provision shall apply from the beginning of discussions between the parties. For this purpose, the tax treatment
of a transaction is the purported or claimed U.S. tax treatment of the transaction under applicable U.S. federal, state or local
law, and the tax structure of a transaction is any fact that may be relevant to understanding the purported or claimed U.S. tax
treatment of the transaction under applicable U.S. federal, state or local law. 

(k) Collections .
The Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Borrower) shall direct all Obligors or related administrative and paying
agents under the Related Documents (or with respect to any Closing Date Participation Interest or any Facility Amount Increase 
Participation Interest for which the Elevation Date has not yet occurred, MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC) to remit all Collections
directly to the Collection Account. 

(l) Priority
of Payments. The Borrower shall direct the Collateral Agent to apply all Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds solely in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 

(m) Information
and Reports. The Notice of Borrowing, each Monthly Report and all other written information, reports, certificates and statements
furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to any Secured Party for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement, the other
Facility Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be true, complete and correct in all material respects
as of the date such information is stated or certified; provided that solely with respect to information furnished
by the Borrower which was provided to the Borrower from an Obligor with respect to a Collateral Loan, such information shall only
need to be true, complete and correct in all material respects to the actual knowledge of the Borrower. 

(n) Compliance
with Legal Opinions. The Borrower shall take all other actions necessary to maintain the accuracy of the factual assumptions
set forth in the legal opinions of Winston Strawn LLP, as counsel to the Borrower, issued in connection with the Purchase
and Contribution Agreement and relating to the issues of substantive consolidation and true sale of certain Loans. 

- 80 - 

Section 5.02. Negative
Covenants of the Borrower . The Borrower covenants and agrees that until the date that all Obligations have been paid in full,
other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted: 

(a) Restrictive
Agreements . It shall not enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any agreement that prohibits, limits or imposes
any condition upon its ability to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues constituting
Collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure its obligations under the Facility Documents other than this Agreement,
other Facility Documents and Permitted Liens. 

(b) Liquidation;
Merger; Sale of Collateral . It shall not consummate any plan of division, plan of liquidation, dissolution, partial liquidation,
merger or consolidation (or suffer any liquidation, dissolution or partial liquidation) nor sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise
dispose of any of its assets, or enter into an agreement or commitment to do so or enter into or engage in any business with respect
to any part of its assets, except as expressly permitted by Section 10.01 of this Agreement (including in connection with
the repayment in full of the Obligations) or with the prior written consent of the Required Lenders. 

(c) Amendments
to Constituent Documents, etc . Without the consent of the Administrative Agent, (i) it shall not amend, modify or take
any action inconsistent with its Constituent Documents and (ii) it will not amend, modify or waive any term or provision
in any Facility Document (other than in accordance with its terms, including any provision thereof requiring the consent of the
Administrative Agent or all or a specified percentage of the Lenders). 

(d) ERISA .
Neither it nor any member of the ERISA Group shall establish any Plan or Multiemployer Plan. 

(e) Liens .
It shall not create, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any of its assets now owned or hereafter acquired by it at any time,
except for Permitted Liens. 

(f) Margin
Requirements . It shall not (i) extend credit to others for the purpose of buying or carrying any Margin Stock in such
a manner as to violate Regulation T or Regulation U or (ii) use all or any part of the proceeds of the Term Loan, whether
directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that violates the provisions of the
Regulations of the Board of Governors, including, to the extent applicable, Regulation U and Regulation X. 

(g) Restricted
Payments . It shall not make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment (whether in the form of cash or other assets)
or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so; provided that the Borrower may make Restricted Payments
to its members in respect of their membership interests in the Borrower on the Closing Date from proceeds of the Term Loan and,
on any other day, with amounts paid to the Borrower pursuant to Section 9.01 on any applicable Payment Date. 

- 81 - 

(h) Changes
to Filing Information . It shall not change its name, its chief place of business, its chief executive office, the office in
which the Borrower maintains its principal books and records or its jurisdiction of organization, unless it gives ten days 
prior written notice to the Agents and takes all actions necessary to protect and perfect the Collateral Agent s perfected
security interest in the Collateral and promptly files appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements that
are necessary to continue to perfect the security interests of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement under each method of
perfection required herein with respect to the Collateral (and shall provide copy of such amendments to the Collateral Agent and
the Administrative Agent). 

(i) Transactions
with Affiliates . Except as permitted or required under the Facility Documents, it shall not sell, lease or otherwise transfer
any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other
transactions with, any of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, sales of Defaulted Loans and other Loans) unless such
transaction is upon terms no less favorable to the Borrower than it would obtain in a comparable arm s length transaction
with a Person that is not an Affiliate (it being agreed that any purchase or sale at par shall be deemed to comply with this provision). 

(j) Investment
Company Restriction . It shall not become required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. 

(k) Subject
Laws . It shall not utilize directly or indirectly the proceeds of the Term Loan for the benefit of any Person controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with any other Person, whose name appears on the List of Specially Designated Nationals
and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC or otherwise in violation of any Subject Laws. 

(l) No
Claims Against the Term Loan . Subject to Applicable Law, it shall not claim any credit on, make any deduction from, or dispute
the enforceability of payment of the principal or interest payable (or any other amount) in respect of the Term Loan or assert
any claim against any present or future Lender, by reason of the payment of any taxes levied or assessed upon any part of the
Collateral. 

(m) Indebtedness;
Guarantees; Securities; Other Assets . It shall not incur or assume or guarantee any indebtedness, obligations (including contingent
obligations) or other liabilities, or issue any additional securities, whether debt or equity, in each case other than (i) pursuant
to or as expressly permitted by of this Agreement or (ii) pursuant to customary indemnification and expense reimbursement
and similar provisions under the Related Documents or otherwise in the ordinary course of business as is customary for Special
Purpose Entities. The Borrower shall not acquire any Loans or other property other than as expressly permitted hereunder; it being
understood and agreed that the Borrower shall be permitted to acquire Loans from its Affiliates and from Unaffiliated third parties. 

- 82 - 

(n) Validity
of this Agreement . It shall not (i) take any action to permit or fail to take any action that would cause the validity
or effectiveness of this Agreement or any grant of Collateral hereunder to be impaired, or permit the lien of this Agreement to
be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations
with respect to this Agreement (except in accordance with its terms) and (ii) take any action that would permit the Lien
of this Agreement not to constitute a valid first priority security interest in the Collateral (subject to Permitted Liens). 

(o) [Reserved]. 

(p) Subsidiaries .
It shall not have or permit the formation of any subsidiaries (other than equity interests in Obligors in connection with the
exercise of any remedies with respect to a Collateral Loan or any exchange offer, work-out or restructuring of a Collateral Loan) . 

(q) Name .
It shall not conduct business under any name other than its own. 

(r) Employees .
It shall not have any employees (other than officers and directors to the extent they are employees). 

(s) Non-Petition .
The Borrower shall not be party to any agreements under which it has any material obligations or liability (direct or contingent)
without using commercially reasonable efforts to include customary non-petition and limited recourse 
provisions therein (and shall not amend or eliminate such provisions in any agreement to which it is party), except for loan agreements,
related loan documents, bond indentures and related bond documents, any agreements related to the purchase and sale of any Loans
which contain customary (as determined by the Collateral Manager) purchase or sale terms or which are documented using customary
(as determined by the Collateral Manager) loan trading documentation, and customary service contracts and engagement letters entered
into with Permitted Agents in connection with the Loans. 

(t) Certificated
Securities . The Borrower shall not acquire or hold any Certificated Securities in bearer form (other than securities not required
to be in registered form under Section 163(f)(2)(A) of the Code) in a manner that does not satisfy the requirements of United
States Treasury Regulations section 1.165-12(c) (as determined by the Collateral Manager). 

- 83 - 

(u) Independent
Manager . The Borrower shall at all times (other than in connection with the resignation, death, incapacity or disability of
a current independent manager) maintain at least one independent manager who (A) for the five year period prior to his or
her appointment as independent manager has not been, and during the continuation of his or her service as independent manager,
is not: (i) an employee, manager, member, stockholder, partner or officer of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other
than his or her service as an independent manager of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that are structured to be bankruptcy
remote ), (ii) a significant customer or supplier of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, (iii) a Person controlling
or under common control with any partner, shareholder, member, manager, Affiliate or supplier of the Borrower or any Affiliate
of the Borrower, or (iv) any member of the immediate family of a Person described in clauses (i) , (ii) 
or (iii) ; provided that an independent manager may serve in similar capacities for other special purpose
entities established from time to time by Affiliates of the Borrower and (B) is a Professional Independent Manager. The criteria
set forth above in this Section 5.02(u) are referred to herein as the Independent Manager Criteria .
The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (which shall notify each Lender) of any decision to appoint a new manager of
the Borrower as the independent manager for purposes of this Agreement, such notice shall be delivered not less
than ten days prior to the proposed effective date of such appointment (unless such appointment is due to the resignation, death,
incapacity, disability or unwillingness to serve of the prior independent manager, in which case the Borrower shall deliver notice
promptly upon identifying the successor independent manager) and shall certify that the designated Person satisfies the Independent
Manager Criteria. Except for the appointment of a successor independent manager employed by any of AMACAR Group LLC, Citadel SPV,
Global Securitization Services, LLC, Lord Securities Corporation, Puglisi Associates or CT Corporation following the death,
disability or incapacity of the previous independent manager, the Borrower shall not appoint a new manager as the independent
manager without first confirming that such proposed new independent manager is acceptable to the Administrative Agent as evidenced
in a writing executed by the Administrative Agent. In no event shall any independent manager of the Borrower be removed or expelled
except as permitted under the Borrower s Constituent Documents. 

(v) Changes
to Related Documents . If any amendment, consent, waiver or other modification with respect to a Related Document (other than
a Defaulted Loan or an Ineligible Loan) would constitute a Material Modification, then the Borrower shall not cause or vote in
favor of any such Material Modification, if such Material Modification would result in the occurrence of a Default or Event of
Default, without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

(w) Anti-Corruption
and Sanctions. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing, and shall not use the proceeds of any Borrowing (i) in furtherance
of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person
in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business
or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation
of any Sanctions applicable to the Borrower. 

- 84 - 

Section 5.03. Affirmative
Covenants of the Collateral Manager . The Collateral Manager covenants and agrees that until the date that all Obligations
have been paid in full, other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted: 

(a) Compliance
with Agreements, Laws, Etc . It shall (i) duly observe, comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws relative
to the conduct of its business or to its assets, (ii) preserve and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, (iii) preserve
and keep in full force and effect its rights, privileges, qualifications and franchises, except where the failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) comply in all material respects with the terms and
conditions of each Facility Document, Constituent Document and each Related Document to which it is a party, and (v) obtain,
maintain and keep in full force and effect all Governmental Authorizations, Private Authorizations and Governmental Filings which
are necessary to carry out its business and the transactions contemplated to be performed by it under the Facility Documents,
the Constituent Documents and the Related Documents to which it is a party. 

(b) Enforcement .
(i) It shall not take any action, and will use commercially reasonable efforts not to permit any action to be taken by others,
that would release any Person from any of such Person s covenants or obligations under any instrument included in the Collateral,
except in the case of (A) repayment of Collateral Loans, (B) subject to the terms of this Agreement, (1) amendments
to Related Documents that govern Defaulted Loans or Ineligible Loans, (2) amendments to Collateral Loans in accordance with the
Credit and Collection Policies and the Collateral Management Standard, and (3) actions taken in connection with the work-out
or restructuring of any Collateral Loan in accordance with the provisions hereof, and (C) other actions by the Collateral
Manager to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement or as otherwise required hereby. 

(ii) It
will not, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, contract with other Persons
for the performance of actions and obligations to be performed by the Collateral Manager hereunder. Notwithstanding any such arrangement,
the Collateral Manager shall remain primarily liable with respect thereto. In the event of such contract, the performance of such
actions and obligations by such Persons shall be deemed to be performance of such actions and obligations by the Collateral Manager,
and the Collateral Manager will punctually perform all of its obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement or any such
other agreement. 

(c) Further
Assurances . It shall promptly at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver such further instruments and take such
further action in order to maintain and protect the Collateral Agent s first-priority perfected security interest in the
Collateral pledged by the Borrower for the benefit of the Secured Parties free and clear of any Liens (subject to Permitted Liens)
in all appropriate jurisdictions. The Collateral Manager shall promptly take, at the Borrower s expense, such further action
necessary to establish and protect the rights, interests and remedies created or intended to be created under this Agreement in
favor of the Secured Parties in the Collateral, including all actions which are necessary to (x) enable the Secured Parties
to enforce their rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Facility Documents, and (y) effectuate the intent
and purpose of, and to carry out the terms of, the Facility Documents. 

- 85 - 

In
addition, the Collateral Manager will take such reasonable action from time to time as shall be necessary to ensure that all assets
(including all Covered Accounts, but excluding all Excluded Amounts) of the Borrower constitute Collateral 
hereunder. Subject to the foregoing, the Collateral Manager will at the Borrower s expense, take such other action (including
executing and delivering or authorizing for filing any required UCC financing statements) as shall be necessary to create and
perfect a valid and enforceable first-priority security interest on all Collateral acquired by the Borrower as collateral security
for the Obligations in all appropriate jurisdictions. 

(d) Access
to Records and Documents . It shall permit the Administrative Agent and each Lender (or any Person designated by the Administrative
Agent or such Lender) to, upon reasonable advance notice (which, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
shall not be less than five Business Days) and during normal business hours, visit and inspect and make copies thereof at reasonable
intervals (i) its books, records and accounts relating to its business, financial condition, operations, assets and its performance
under the Facility Documents and the Related Documents and to discuss the foregoing with its and such Person s officers,
partners, employees and accountants, and (ii) all of its Related Documents, in each case all as often as the Administrative
Agent or the Lenders may reasonably request; provided that so long as no Event of Default has occurred, each Person
entitled to so visit and inspect the Collateral Manager s records under this paragraph (d) may only exercise its
rights under this paragraph (d) twice during any fiscal year of the Collateral Manager (it being understood that the Borrower
shall be responsible for all costs and expenses for only one such visit per fiscal year absent the occurrence and continuance
of an Event of Default). The Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to coordinate
with each other Lender in exercising their respective rights under this paragraph (d) and under Section 5.01(e) with a view to minimizing duplication of effort and expense by the Borrower and the Collateral Manager. 

(e) Audit
Rights . It will permit the Administrative Agent and any Lender (or any representatives thereof (including any consultants,
accountants, lawyers and appraisers)) to conduct evaluations and appraisals of the Collateral Manager s computation of the
Borrower s assets at least once and no more than twice during any fiscal year of the Collateral Manager. The Borrower shall pay
the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of any representatives retained by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to conduct
any such evaluation or appraisal; provided that (i) the Borrower shall not be required to pay such fees and
expenses for more than one such evaluation or appraisal during any calendar year unless an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing and (ii) such evaluation or appraisal shall not be duplicative of any audit under Section 5.01(g) . Each
Lender agrees to use commercially reasonable terms to coordinate with the other Lenders in exercising their respective rights
under this paragraph (e) and under paragraph (d) above with a view to minimizing duplication of effort and expense
by the Borrower. 

- 86 - 

(f) Independent
Manager . The Collateral Manager shall notify the Administrative Agent (which shall notify each Lender) of any decision to
appoint a new manager of the Borrower as the independent manager for purposes of this Agreement, such notice shall
be delivered not less than ten days prior to the proposed effective date of such appointment (unless such appointment is due to
the resignation, death, incapacity, disability or unwillingness to serve of the prior independent manager, in which case the Collateral
Manager shall deliver notice promptly upon receipt of knowledge of such resignation) and shall certify that the designated Person
satisfies the Independent Manager Criteria. 

(g) Information
and Reports. The Notice of Borrowing, each Monthly Report and all other written information, reports, certificates and statements
furnished by or on behalf of the Collateral Manager to any other Secured Party for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement,
the other Facility Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be true, complete and correct in all material
respects as of the date such information is stated or certified; provided that solely with respect to information
furnished by the Collateral Manager which was provided to the Collateral Manager from an Obligor with respect to a Collateral
Loan, such information shall only need to be true, complete and correct in all material respects to the actual knowledge of the
Collateral Manager. 

(h) Amendments
to Administration Agreement and Advisory Agreement . The Collateral Manager shall notify the Administrative Agent (which shall
notify each Lender) of any proposed amendment or modification of the Administration Agreement or the Advisory Agreement. Such
notice shall be delivered not less than ten days prior to the proposed effective date of such amendment or modification. 

Section 5.04. Negative
Covenants of the Collateral Manager . The initial Collateral Manager covenants and agrees that until the date that all Obligations
have been paid in full, other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted: 

(a) Restrictive
Agreements . It shall not enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any agreement that prohibits, limits or imposes
material any condition upon its ability to perform its obligations under the Facility Documents. 

(b) Validity
of this Agreement . It shall not (i) take any action to permit or fail to take any action that would cause the validity
or effectiveness of this Agreement or any grant of Collateral hereunder to be impaired, or permit the lien of this Agreement to
be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations
with respect to this Agreement (except in accordance with its terms) and (ii) except as permitted by this Agreement, take
any action that would permit the lien of this Agreement not to constitute a valid first priority security interest in the Collateral
(subject to Permitted Liens). 

- 87 - 

(c) Liquidation;
Merger; Disposition of Assets. It shall not consummate any plan of liquidation, dissolution, partial liquidation, merger or
consolidation (or suffer any liquidation, dissolution or partial liquidation) nor sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose
of all or substantially all of its assets or enter into any agreement or commitment to do so, except (i) with the prior written
consent of the Required Lenders and (ii) that the Collateral Manager shall be allowed to merge with any entity so long as the
Collateral Manager remains the surviving corporation of such merger, with a net worth not less than the net worth of the Collateral
Manager immediately prior to such merger, and such merger does not result in an Event of Default under Section 6.01(g) .
The Collateral Manager shall give 30 days prior written notice of any merger to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 

(d) Changes
to Related Documents . If any amendment, consent, waiver or other modification with respect to a Related Document (other than
a Defaulted Loan or an Ineligible Loan) would constitute a Material Modification, then the Collateral Manager shall not cause
or vote in favor of any such Material Modification, if such Material Modification would result in the occurrence of a Default
or Event of Default, without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed). 

(e) Certain
Amendments to Administration Agreement and Advisory Agreement . The Collateral Manager shall not agree to any amendment or
modification of the Administration Agreement or the Advisory Agreement if any such amendment or modification has or could reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the pool of Collateral, the Collateral Manager s ability to manage the
pool of Collateral or the Lenders. 

Section 5.05. Certain
Undertakings Relating to Separateness . (a) Without limiting any, and subject to all, other covenants of the Borrower
contained in this Agreement, the Borrower shall conduct its business and operations separate and apart from that of any other
Person (including the Collateral Manager and any of its Affiliates, the BDC and their respective Affiliates) and in furtherance
of the foregoing: 

(1) The
Borrower shall maintain its accounts, financial statements, books, accounting and other records, and other Borrower documents
separate from those of any other Person, provided that the Borrower may be consolidated with the BDC solely for tax and
accounting purposes. 

(2) The
Borrower shall not commingle or pool any of its funds or assets with those of any Affiliate or any other Person (other than as
expressly contemplated herein with respect to the Excluded Amounts), and it shall hold all of its assets in its own name, except
as otherwise permitted or required under the Facility Documents. 

- 88 - 

(3) The
Borrower shall conduct its own business in its own name and, for all purposes, shall not operate, or purport to operate, collectively
as a single or consolidated business entity with respect to any Person. 

(4) The
Borrower shall pay its own debts, liabilities and expenses (including overhead expenses, if any) only out of its own assets as
the same shall become due. 

(5) The
Borrower has observed, and shall observe all (A) limited liability company formalities and (B) other organizational
formalities, in each case to the extent necessary or advisable to preserve its separate existence, and shall preserve its existence,
and it shall not, nor shall it permit any Affiliate or any other Person to, amend, modify or otherwise change its limited liability
company agreement in a manner that would adversely affect the existence of the Borrower as a bankruptcy-remote special purpose
entity. 

(6) The
Borrower shall not (A) guarantee, become obligated for, or hold itself or its credit out to be responsible for or available
to satisfy, the debts or obligations of any other Person or (B) control the decisions or actions respecting the daily business
or affairs of any other Person except as permitted by or pursuant to the Facility Documents. 

(7) The
Borrower shall, at all times, hold itself out to the public as a legal entity separate and distinct from any other Person provided
 that the assets of the Borrower may be consolidated into the BDC for accounting purposes and included in consolidated financial
statements of the BDC. 

(8) The
Borrower shall not identify itself as a division of any other Person. 

(9) The
Borrower shall maintain its assets in such a manner that it will not be costly or difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify
its individual assets from those of any Affiliate or any other Person. 

(10) The
Borrower shall not use its separate existence to perpetrate a fraud in violation of Applicable Law. 

(11) The
Borrower shall not, in connection with the Facility Documents, act with an intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its creditors
in violation of Applicable Law. 

(12) The
Borrower shall maintain an arm s length relationship with its Affiliates and the Collateral Manager. 

(13) Except
as permitted by or pursuant to the Facility Documents, the Borrower shall not grant a security interest or otherwise pledge its
assets for the benefit of any other Person. 

- 89 - 

(14) Except
as provided in the Facility Documents, the Borrower shall not acquire any securities or debt instruments of the Collateral Manager,
its Affiliates or any other Person. 

(15) The
Borrower shall not make loans or advances to any Person, except for the Collateral Loans and as permitted by or pursuant to the
Facility Documents. 

(16) The
Borrower shall make no transfer of its assets except as permitted by or pursuant to the Facility Documents. 

(17) The
Borrower shall file its own tax returns separate from those of any other Person or entity, except to the extent that the Borrower
is not required to file tax returns under applicable law or is not permitted to file its own tax returns separate from those of
any other Person. 

(18) The
Borrower shall not acquire obligations or securities of its members. 

(19) The
Borrower shall use separate stationery, invoices and checks. 

(20) The
Borrower shall correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity. 

(21) The
Borrower shall maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business operations. 

(22) The
Borrower shall at all times be organized as a special purpose entity with organizational documents substantially similar in all
material respects to those in effect on the Closing Date. 

(23) The
Borrower shall at all times conduct its business so that any assumptions made with respect to the Borrower in any substantive
non-consolidation opinion letter delivered in connection with the Facility Documents will continue to be true and correct
in all material respects. 

Article
VI 
 
 Events of Default 

Section 6.01. Events
of Default . Event of Default , wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the
reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant
to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): 

(a) a
default by the Borrower in the payment, when due and payable, of any interest on the Term Loan and such default is not cured within
two (2) Business Days; or 

- 90 - 

(b) the
failure to reduce the outstanding Term Loan to 0 on the Final Maturity Date; or 

(c) (i)
the Borrower becomes an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act or (ii) the BDC ceases to
be an investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act or to be qualified as a regulated investment company for purposes of the
Code; or 

(d) except
as otherwise provided in this Section 6.01 , (i) a failure by the Borrower to deliver (or cause to be delivered) any
Monthly Report, quarterly financial report pursuant to Section 5.01(d)(ii) or notice of a Default or Event of Default pursuant
to Section 5.01(d)(iv) when due and such default is not cured within three Business Days; or (ii) a default in the performance,
or breach in a covenant by the Borrower with respect to the management and distribution of funds received with respect to the
Collateral Loans and such default is not cured within two Business Days; (iii) a failure by the Borrower to deliver (or cause
to be delivered) any material information requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders pursuant to Section
5.01(d)(v) within ten (10) Business Days of such request; or (iv) a default in any material respect in the performance, or
breach in any material respect, of any other covenant or other agreement of the Borrower, the Collateral Manager or the BDC under
this Agreement or the other Facility Documents (other than failure to comply with any Concentration Limitation or any Portfolio
Quality Test), or the failure of any representation or warranty of the Borrower or the BDC made in this Agreement, in any other
Facility Document or in any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith
to be correct in each case in all material respects when the same shall have been made, and the continuation of such default,
breach or failure for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of (x) written notice to the Borrower or the Collateral
Manager (which may be by email) by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Administrative
Agent) or the Collateral Manager (as the case may be), and (y) actual knowledge of the Borrower, the BDC or the Collateral
Manager; or 

(e) the
rendering of one or more final judgments, decrees or orders by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction for the payment
of money in excess individually or in the aggregate of 5,000,000 against the BDC, or 500,000 against the Borrower (exclusive
of any amounts fully covered by insurance), and the aforementioned parties shall not have either (x) discharged or provided
for the discharge of any such judgment, decree or order in accordance with its terms or (y) perfected a timely appeal of
such judgment, decree or order and caused the execution of same to be stayed during the pendency of the appeal, in each case,
within sixty days from the date of entry thereof; or 

(f) an
Insolvency Event relating to the Borrower or the BDC occurs; or 

(g) any
Collateral Manager Termination Event shall have occurred and be continuing; or 

- 91 - 

(h) (i) any
Facility Document to which the Borrower or the BDC is a party shall (except in accordance with its terms) terminate, cease to
be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Borrower or the BDC, as the case may
be or (ii) the Borrower, the BDC or any of their Affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner the effectiveness,
validity, binding nature or enforceability of any Facility Document or any Lien purported to be created thereunder; or 

(i) (i) the
Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a Lien pursuant to Section 6323 of the Code with regard to any assets of the
Borrower and such Lien shall not have been released within five (5) Business Days or (ii) the PBGC shall file notice of a
Lien pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA with regard to any of the assets of the Borrower and such Lien shall not have been
released within five (5) Business Days, unless in each case a reserve has been established therefor in accordance with GAAP and
such action is being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings (except to the extent that the amount secured
by such Lien exceeds 750,000); or 

(j) a
Change of Control occurs with respect to the Borrower; or 

(k) [reserved];
or 

(l) the
Borrower ceases to have a valid ownership interest in all of the Collateral (subject to Permitted Liens) or the Collateral Agent
shall fail to have a first priority perfected security interest in any part of the Collateral (other than in respect of a de minimis
amount of Collateral and subject to Permitted Liens); or 

(m) the
Borrower shall assign or attempt to assign any of its rights, obligations, or duties under the Facility Documents without the
prior written consent of each Lender; or 

(n) [reserved];
or 

(o) [reserved]; 

(p) the
Borrower shall fail to maintain at least one independent manager as required pursuant to Section 5.02(u) , provided 
that, upon the resignation, death, disability, incapacity or unwillingness to serve of the current independent manager, the Borrower
shall have 10 Business Days to replace such independent manager with a successor independent manager that satisfies the Independent
Manager Criteria; 

(q) [reserved];
or 

(r) as
of the Monthly Reporting Date that immediately follows the date that, pursuant to Section 5.01(d)(ii) , the Borrower delivers
the financial statements of the BDC for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022, and thereafter, the BDC s ratio of
debt to equity (calculated as a percentage), as determined in accordance with GAAP and as shown in the BDC s most recently
delivered quarterly consolidated financial statements and annual audited consolidated financial statements, exceeds 200 . 

- 92 - 

Section 6.02. Remedies
upon an Event of Default . (a) Upon a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or Collateral Manager obtaining knowledge of the
occurrence of an Event of Default, each of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager shall notify each other and the Agents, in
accordance with Section 5.01(d)(iv) . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default known to a Responsible Officer of the Collateral
Agent, the Collateral Agent shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent (which will notify the Lenders promptly) of such Event
of Default in writing. 

(b) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, in addition to all rights and remedies specified in this Agreement
and the other Facility Documents, including Article VII , and the rights and remedies of a secured party under Applicable
Law, including the UCC (which rights shall be cumulative), the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may with the
consent of, the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), declare the principal of and
the accrued interest on the Term Loan and all other amounts whatsoever payable by the Borrower hereunder to be forthwith due and
payable, whereupon such amounts shall be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other formalities
of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; provided that, upon the occurrence of any Event of
Default described in clause (f) of Section 6.01 , the Term Loan and all such other amounts shall automatically
become due and payable, without any further action by any party. The Borrower and the Collateral Manager hereby agree that they
will, at the Borrower s expense and at the direction of the Administrative Agent, (i) assemble all or any part of the
Collateral as directed by the Administrative Agent and make the same available to the Administrative Agent at a place to be designated
by the Administrative Agent that is reasonably convenient to such parties and (ii) without notice except as specified below,
sell the Collateral or any part thereof at a public or private sale in accordance with applicable law. The Administrative Agent
shall provide notice to the Borrower, Collateral Manager or the BDC of its election to sell the Collateral hereunder on the date
that is 13 Business Days prior to the proposed date of such sale (the date such notice is delivered, the Collateral
Sale Notice Date ), and the Borrower agrees that such notice shall constitute reasonable notification. All cash proceeds
received by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent in respect of any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon,
all or any part of the Collateral (after payment of any amounts incurred in connection with such sale) shall be deposited into
the Collection Account and to be applied pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(iii) . 

If
the Administrative Agent elects to sell the Collateral in whole or in part, at a public or private sale, the Borrower, the BDC,
the Collateral Manager (so long as it is an Affiliate of the BDC) or any of their respective Affiliates or assignees shall have
the right of first refusal to repurchase the Collateral, in whole but not in part, prior to such sale at a purchase price that
is equal to the amount of the Obligations as of the date of such proposed sale. Such right of first refusal shall terminate not
later than 4:00 p.m. on the twelfth Business Day following the Collateral Sale Notice Date. 

- 93 - 

If
none of the Borrower, the BDC, the Collateral Manager or any of their respective Affiliates or assignees elects to exercise its
right of first refusal, the Administrative Agent may sell such Collateral or portion thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Borrower, the BDC, the Collateral Manager or their respective Affiliates or assignees may participate in any public or private
sale of the Collateral directed by the Administrative Agent. 

(c) In
addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, following written notice by the Administrative
Agent (provided in its sole discretion or at the direction of the Required Lenders) of the exercise of control rights with respect
to the Collateral, which notice shall be delivered to the Borrower, the BDC and the Collateral Manager (with a copy to the Collateral
Agent): (w) the Collateral Manager s power to consent to modifications to and direct the acquisition, sales and other
dispositions of Collateral Loans will be immediately suspended, (x) the Collateral Manager will be required to obtain the
consent of the Administrative Agent before causing the Borrower to agree to any modification of any Collateral Loan or before
causing the Borrower to acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral Loan, and (y) the Collateral Manager (so long
as it is an Affiliate of the Borrower) will cause the Borrower to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral Loan as directed
by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (so long as, in the case of this clause (y) , the Collateral Manager
and the BDC are afforded a commercially reasonable opportunity to bid for and acquire such Collateral Loan in such sale or disposition). 

Section 6.03. Collateral
Manager Termination Events . Collateral Manager Termination Event , wherever used herein, means any one
of the following events (whatever the reason for such Collateral Manager Termination Event and whether it shall be voluntary or
involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or
regulation of any administrative or governmental body): 

(a) any
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; or 

(b) the
Collateral Manager is required to be registered under the Investment Company Act and is not registered; or 

(c) except
as otherwise provided in this Section 6.03 , (i) a failure by the Collateral Manager to deliver (or cause to be delivered)
any Monthly Report when due and such default is not cured within three Business Days; or (ii) a default in the performance or
breach in a covenant by the Collateral Manager with respect to the management and distribution of funds received with respect
to the Collateral Loans, and such failure or default is not cured within two Business Days; or (iii) a default in any material
respect in the performance, or breach in any material respect, of any other covenant or other agreement of the Collateral Manager
under this Agreement or the other Facility Documents, or the failure of any representation or warranty of the Collateral Manager
made in this Agreement, in any other Facility Document or in any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto or thereto
or in connection herewith or therewith to be correct in each case in all material respects when the same shall have been made,
and the continuation of such default, breach or failure for a period of thirty days after the earlier of (x) written notice
to the Collateral Manager (which may be by email) by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction
of the Administrative Agent), and (y) actual knowledge of the Collateral Manager; or 

- 94 - 

(d) the
rendering of one or more final judgments, decrees or orders against the Collateral Manager (exclusive of any amounts fully covered
by insurance) by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction for the payment of money in excess individually or in the aggregate
of (i) at any time the Collateral Manager and the Administrator, collectively, have at least 5,000,000,000 in assets under its
management, 5,000,000 or more, or (ii) at any time the Collateral Manager and the Administrator, collectively, have less than
 5,000,000,000 in assets under its management, 2,000,000 or more, and the Collateral Manager shall not have either (x) discharged
or provided for the discharge of any such judgment, decree or order in accordance with its terms or (y) perfected a timely
appeal of such judgment, decree or order and caused the execution of same to be stayed during the pendency of the appeal, in each
case, within sixty (60) days from the date of entry thereof; or 

(e) an
Insolvency Event relating to the Collateral Manager, the Advisor or the Administrator occurs; or 

(f) (1) any
Facility Document to which the Collateral Manager is a party shall (except in accordance with its terms) terminate, cease to be
effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Collateral Manager, (2) the Collateral
Manager or any of its Affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner the effectiveness, validity, binding nature
or enforceability of any Facility Document or any Lien purported to be created thereunder, or (3) any Lien securing any obligation
under any Facility Document shall, in whole or in part (other than in respect of a de minimis amount of Collateral), cease to
be a first priority perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent except for Permitted Liens; or 

(g) the
Collateral Manager shall fail to comply with the first sentence of Section 5.04(c) ; or 

(h) any
two of Theodore Koenig, Zia Uddin, Michael Egan or Mick Solimene shall fail to provide active and material participation in the
Advisor s or the Administrator s daily activities, including, but not limited to, general management, underwriting
and credit approval process, and credit monitoring activities and such Persons are not replaced with other individuals satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion within 60 days; or 

(i) any
change to the Credit and Collection Policies that has a material adverse effect at any time on the interests and rights and remedies
of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent;
or 

(j) the
Administrator shall fail to maintain at least 5,000,000,000 of assets (including cash) under management; or 

- 95 - 

(k) as
of any Monthly Report Determination Date, the rolling trailing 6-month average Collateral Default Ratio shall exceed 7 ; or 

(l) (i)
one or more acts (including any failure(s) to act) by the Collateral Manager, the Advisor or the Administrator occurs that constitutes
fraud (as determined in a final, non-appealable adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction) in the performance of its asset
management business or (ii) the Collateral Manager, the Advisor or the Administrator or any of their respective senior officers
is convicted of (with no further right of appeal) a felony criminal offense materially related to its asset management business
and, in each case, such Person is not replaced or does not cease to have responsibility for asset management activities, within
60 days of the applicable adjudication or conviction; or 

(m) the
Advisory Agreement or the Administration Agreement is terminated without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 

Section 6.04. Remedies
upon a Collateral Manager Termination Event . Upon a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or Collateral Manager obtaining knowledge
of the occurrence of Collateral Manager Termination Event, each of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager shall notify each other
and the Agents, specifying the specific Collateral Manager Termination Event(s) that occurred as well as all other Collateral
Manager Termination Events that are then known to be continuing. Upon the occurrence of a Collateral Manager Termination Event
actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent, subject to the immediately preceding sentence, the Collateral
Agent shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent (which will notify the Lenders promptly) of such Collateral Manager Termination
Event in writing. 

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of a Collateral Manager Termination Event, the Administrative Agent, by written notice
to the Collateral Manager (with a copy to the Document Custodian, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent) (a Collateral
Manager Termination Notice ), may terminate all of the rights and obligations of the Collateral Manager as Collateral
Manager under this Agreement in accordance with Section 11.09 and appoint a successor Collateral Manager pursuant to Section
11.09 hereto. 

- 96 - 

Article
VII 
 
 Pledge of Collateral; Rights of the Collateral Agent 

Section 7.01. Grant
of Security . (a) The Borrower hereby grants, pledges, transfers and collaterally assigns to the Collateral Agent, for
the benefit of the Secured Parties, as collateral security for all Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and a Lien
upon, all of the Borrower s right, title and interest in, to and under, the following property, in each case whether tangible
or intangible, wheresoever located, and whether now owned by the Borrower or hereafter acquired and whether now existing or hereafter
coming into existence (all of the property described in this Section 7.01(a) being collectively referred to herein
as the Collateral ): 

(i) all
Collateral Loans and Related Documents (listed, as of the Closing Date, in Schedule 3 ), both now and hereafter owned,
including all collections and other proceeds thereon or with respect thereto; 

(ii) each
Covered Account and all Money and all investment property (including all securities, all security entitlements with respect to
such Covered Account and all financial assets carried in such Covered Account) from time to time on deposit in or credited to
each Covered Account; 

(iii) all
interest, dividends, stock dividends, stock splits, distributions and other money or property of any kind distributed in respect
of the Collateral Loans of the Borrower, which the Borrower is entitled to receive, including all Collections in respect of its
Collateral Loans; 

(iv) each
Facility Document (other than this Agreement) and all rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims under or in respect thereto
(whether arising pursuant to the terms thereof or otherwise available to the Borrower at law or equity), including the right to
enforce each such Facility Document and to give or withhold any and all consents, requests, notices, directions, approvals, extensions
or waivers under or with respect thereto, to the same extent as the Borrower could but for the assignment and security interest
granted to the Collateral Agent under this Agreement; 

(v) all
Cash or Money in possession of the Borrower or delivered to the Collateral Agent (or any bailee of the foregoing); 

(vi) all
accounts, chattel paper, deposit accounts, financial assets, general intangibles, instruments, investment property, letter-of-credit
rights and other supporting obligations relating to the foregoing (in each case as defined in the UCC); 

(vii) all
other property of the Borrower and all property of the Borrower which is delivered to the Collateral Agent (or the Document Custodian
on its behalf) by or on behalf of the Borrower (whether or not constituting Collateral Loans or Eligible Investments); 

(viii) all
security interests, liens, collateral, property, guaranties, supporting obligations, insurance and other agreements or arrangements
of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of the assets, investments and properties described above;
and 

(ix) all
Proceeds of any and all of the foregoing. 

provided,
however, that the term Collateral shall exclude all Excluded Amounts. 

(b) All
terms used in this Section 7.01 that are defined in the UCC but are not defined in Section 1.01 shall have
the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the UCC. 

- 97 - 

Section 7.02. Release
of Security Interest . If and only if all Obligations have been paid in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations
as to which no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted), the Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Secured Parties,
shall, at the expense of the Borrower, promptly execute, deliver and file or authorize for filing such instruments as the Borrower
shall reasonably request in order to reassign, release or terminate the Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral.
The Secured Parties acknowledge and agree that upon the sale or disposition of any Collateral by the Borrower in compliance with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the security interest of the Secured Parties in such Collateral shall immediately
terminate and the Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Parties, shall, at the expense of the Borrower,
execute, deliver and file or authorize for filing such instrument as the Borrower shall reasonably request to reflect or evidence
such termination. Any and all actions under this Article VII in respect of the Collateral shall be without any recourse
to, or representation or warranty by any Secured Party and shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Borrower and the Collateral
Manager. 

Section 7.03. Rights
and Remedies . The Collateral Agent (for itself and on behalf of the other Secured Parties) shall have all of the rights and
remedies of a secured party under the UCC and other Applicable Law. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
of Default, the Collateral Agent or its designees shall, at, and in accordance with the written direction of the Administrative
Agent or the Required Lenders acting through the Administrative Agent, (i) instruct the Borrower to deliver any or all of
the Collateral, the Related Documents and any other documents relating to the Collateral to the Collateral Agent or its designees
and otherwise give all instructions for the Borrower regarding the Collateral; (ii) sell or otherwise dispose of the Collateral
in a commercially reasonable manner, all without judicial process or proceedings; (iii) take control of the Proceeds of any
such Collateral; (iv) subject to the provisions of the applicable Related Documents, exercise any consensual or voting rights
in respect of the Collateral; (v) release, make extensions, discharges, exchanges or substitutions for, or surrender all
or any part of the Collateral; (vi) enforce the Borrower s rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral; (vii) institute
and prosecute legal and equitable proceedings to enforce collection of, or realize upon, any of the Collateral; (viii) require
that the Borrower immediately take all actions necessary to cause the liquidation of the Collateral in order to pay all amounts
due and payable in respect of the Obligations, in accordance with the terms of the Related Documents; (ix) to redeem or withdraw
or cause the Borrower to redeem or withdraw any asset of the Borrower to pay amounts due and payable in respect of the Obligations;
(x) make copies of or, if necessary, remove from the Borrower s, the Collateral Manager s and their respective
agents place of business all books, records and documents relating to the Collateral; and (xi) endorse the name of
the Borrower upon any items of payment relating to the Collateral or upon any proof of claim in bankruptcy against an account
debtor. 

The
Borrower hereby agrees that, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at the request of the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Administrative Agent) or the Required Lenders (acting through the
Administrative Agent), it shall execute all documents and agreements which are necessary or appropriate to have the Collateral
be assigned to the Collateral Agent or its designee. For purposes of taking the actions described in clauses (i) through
 (xi) of this Section 7.03 the Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent as its attorney-in-fact
(which appointment being coupled with an interest and is irrevocable while any of the Obligations remain unpaid, with power of
substitution), in the name of the Collateral Agent or in the name of the Borrower or otherwise, for the use and benefit of the
Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), but at the cost and expense of the Borrower and, except as permitted
by applicable law, without notice to the Borrower. 

- 98 - 

Section 7.04. Remedies
Cumulative . Each right, power, and remedy of the Agents and the other Secured Parties, or any of them, as provided for in
this Agreement or in the other Facility Documents or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise
shall be cumulative and concurrent and shall be in addition to every other right, power, or remedy provided for in this Agreement
or in the other Facility Documents or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise, and the exercise
or beginning of the exercise by the Agents or any other Secured Party of any one or more of such rights, powers, or remedies shall
not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise by such Persons of any or all such other rights, powers, or remedies. 

Section 7.05. Related
Documents . (a) Each of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager hereby agrees that, to the extent not expressly prohibited
by the terms of the Related Documents, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, it shall (i) upon
the written request of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Administrative Agent),
promptly forward to such Agent all material information and notices which it receives under or in connection with the Related
Documents relating to the Collateral, and (ii) upon the written request of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent
(acting at the direction of the Administrative Agent), act and refrain from acting in respect of any request, act, decision or
vote under or in connection with the Related Documents relating to the Collateral only in accordance with the direction of the
Administrative Agent. 

(b) Each
of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager hereby agrees that, to the extent the same shall be in the Borrower s or the
Collateral Manager s possession, it will hold all Related Documents relating to the Collateral in trust for the Collateral
Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, and upon request of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction
of the Administrative Agent) following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or as otherwise provided
herein, promptly deliver the same to the Collateral Agent or its designee (including the Document Custodian). In addition, in
accordance with Article XIV , promptly following its acquisition of any Loan the Borrower or the Collateral Manager (on
behalf of the Borrower) shall deliver to the Document Custodian copies of the principal underlying documentation with respect
to such Loan (e.g., loan or credit agreement, primary security agreement and guarantees, etc.). 

Section 7.06. Borrower
Remains Liable . (a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Borrower shall remain liable under
the contracts and agreements included in and relating to the Collateral (including the Related Documents) to the extent set forth
therein, and shall perform all of its duties and obligations under such contracts and agreements to the same extent as if this
Agreement had not been executed, and (ii) the exercise by any Secured Party of any of its rights hereunder shall not release
the Borrower from any of its duties or obligations under any such contracts or agreements included in the Collateral. 

- 99 - 

(b) No
obligation or liability of the Borrower is intended to be assumed by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party under
or as a result of this Agreement or the other Facility Documents, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including
under any Related Document or any other agreement or document that relates to Collateral and, to the maximum extent permitted
under provisions of law, the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties expressly disclaim any such assumption. 

Section 7.07. Protection
of Collateral . The Borrower shall from time to time execute and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and file
or authorize the filing of all such UCC-1 financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and
other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be necessary to secure the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties
hereunder and to: 

(i) grant
security more effectively on all or any portion of the Collateral; 

(ii) maintain,
preserve and perfect any grant of security made or to be made by this Agreement including, without limitation, the first priority
nature of the lien or carry out more effectively the purposes hereof; 

(iii) perfect,
publish notice of or protect the validity of any grant made or to be made by this Agreement (including, without limitation, any
and all actions necessary as a result of changes in law or regulations); 

(iv) enforce
any of the Collateral or other instruments or property included in the Collateral; 

(v) preserve
and defend title to the Collateral and the rights therein of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties in the Collateral against
the claims of all third parties; and 

(vi) pay
or cause to be paid any and all taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Collateral. 

The
Borrower hereby designates the Collateral Agent as its agent and attorney in fact to prepare and file any UCC-1 financing statement,
continuation statement and all other instruments, and take all other actions, required pursuant to this Section 7.07 .
Such designation shall not impose upon the Collateral Agent, or release or diminish, the Borrower s obligations under this
 Section 7.07 or Section 5.01(c) . The Borrower further authorizes the Administrative Agent or its counsel to
file, without the Borrower s signature, UCC- 1 financing statements that name the Borrower as debtor and the Collateral
Agent as secured party and that describe all assets in which the debtor now or hereafter has rights as the Collateral
in which the Collateral Agent has a grant of security hereunder and any amendments or continuation statements that may be necessary
or desirable. 

- 100 - 

Article
VIII 
 
 Accounts, Accountings and Releases 

Section 8.01. Collection
of Money . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Collateral Agent may demand payment or delivery of, and shall
receive and collect, directly and without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or other intermediary, all Money and
other property payable to or receivable by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement, including all payments due on the
Collateral, in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall segregate and hold all
such Money and property received by it in trust for the Secured Parties and shall apply it as provided in this Agreement. Each
Covered Account shall be established and maintained under the Account Control Agreement with a Qualified Institution. Any Covered
Account may contain any number of subaccounts for the convenience of the Collateral Agent or as required by the Collateral Manager
for convenience in administering the Covered Account or the Collateral. 

Section 8.02. Collection
Account . (a) In accordance with this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, the Borrower shall, on or prior to
the Closing Date, establish at the Intermediary or a sub-agent of the Intermediary a single, segregated account in the name MC
Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC Collection Account, subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent , which shall be designated
as the Collection Account , which shall be maintained with the Intermediary in accordance with the Account Control
Agreement and which shall be subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent. In addition, the Borrower shall establish at the Intermediary
two segregated subaccounts within the Collection Account, one of which will be designated the Interest Collection Subaccount 
and one of which will be designated the Principal Collection Subaccount . The Collateral Agent shall from time to
time deposit into the Interest Collection Subaccount, in addition to the deposits required pursuant to Section 8.05(a) ,
immediately upon receipt thereof all Interest Proceeds received by the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent shall deposit immediately
upon receipt thereof all other amounts remitted to the Collection Account into the Principal Collection Subaccount including,
in addition to the deposits required pursuant to Section 8.05(a) , all Principal Proceeds (unless simultaneously reinvested
in additional Loans in accordance with Article X or in Eligible Investments) received by the Collateral Agent. All
Monies deposited from time to time in the Collection Account pursuant to this Agreement shall be held by the Collateral Agent
as part of the Collateral and shall be applied to the purposes herein provided. Subject to Section 8.02(c) , amounts
in the Collection Account shall be reinvested pursuant to Section 8.05(a) . 

(b) Reserved. 

(c) The
Collateral Agent shall transfer to the Payment Account, from the Collection Account for application pursuant to Section 9.01(a) ,
on each Payment Date, the amount set forth to be so transferred in the Monthly Report for such Payment Date. 

- 101 - 

(d) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Collateral Manager may direct the Collateral Agent to withdraw from the Collection
Account and pay to the Person entitled thereto any amounts credited thereto constituting Excluded Amounts if the Collateral Manager
has, prior to such withdrawal and consent, delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent a report setting forth
the calculation of such Excluded Amounts in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which report
shall include a brief description of the facts and circumstances supporting such request and designate a date for the payment
of such reimbursement, which date shall not be earlier than two (2) Business Days following delivery of such notice. 

Section 8.03. Transaction
Accounts . (a) Payment Account . In accordance with this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, the Borrower shall,
on or prior to the Closing Date, establish at the Intermediary a single, segregated account in the name MC Income Plus
Financing SPV II LLC Payment Account, subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent , which shall be designated as the Payment
Account , which shall be maintained by the Borrower with the Intermediary in accordance with the Account Control Agreement
and which shall be subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent. Except as provided in Section 9.01 , the only permitted
withdrawal from or application of funds on deposit in, or otherwise to the credit of, the Payment Account shall be to pay amounts
due and payable under the Priority of Payments in accordance with their terms and the provisions of this Agreement. The Borrower
shall not have any legal, equitable or beneficial interest in the Payment Account other than in accordance with this Agreement
and the Priority of Payments. 

(b) Custodial
Account . In accordance with this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, the Borrower shall, on or prior to the Closing
Date, establish at the Intermediary a single, segregated account in the name MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC Custodial
Account, subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent , which shall be designated as the Custodial Account ,
which shall be maintained by the Borrower with the Intermediary in accordance with the Account Control Agreement and which shall
be subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent. All Collateral Loans (other than Noteless Loans or Collateral Loans which are
an account or general intangible (including participation interest) shall be credited to the Custodial Account. The only permitted
withdrawals from the Custodial Account shall be in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The Collateral Agent agrees
to give the Borrower prompt notice if (to the Collateral Agent s actual knowledge) the Custodial Account or any assets or
securities on deposit therein, or otherwise to the credit of the Custodial Account, shall become subject to any writ, order, judgment,
warrant of attachment, execution or similar process. 

- 102 - 

Section 8.04. Reserved . 

Section 8.05. Reinvestment
of Funds in Covered Accounts . (a) By delivery of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (or the Collateral
Manager on behalf of the Borrower) (which may be in the form of standing instructions), the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager
on behalf of the Borrower) shall at all times direct the Collateral Agent to, and, upon receipt of such certificate, the Collateral
Agent shall, invest all funds on deposit in the Collection Account (including the Principal Collection Subaccount and the Interest
Collection Subaccount) as so directed in Eligible Investments having stated maturities no later than the Business Day preceding
the next Payment Date (or such shorter maturities expressly provided herein). If, prior to the occurrence and continuance of an
Event of Default, the Borrower shall not have given any such investment directions, the Collateral Agent shall seek instructions
from the Collateral Manager within three Business Days after transfer of any funds to such accounts and shall immediately invest
in Specified Eligible Investments that mature overnight. If the Collateral Agent does not thereafter receive written instructions
from the Collateral Manager within five Business Days after transfer of such funds to such accounts, it shall invest and reinvest
the funds held in such accounts, as fully as practicable, but only in Specified Eligible Investments selected by the Administrative
Agent maturing no later than the Business Day immediately preceding the next Payment Date (or such shorter maturities expressly
provided herein). During the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent)
shall invest and reinvest such Monies as fully as practicable in Specified Eligible Investments selected by the Administrative
Agent maturing not later than the earlier of (i) thirty days after the date of such investment (unless putable at par to
the issuer thereof) or (ii) the Business Day immediately preceding the next Payment Date (or such shorter maturities expressly
provided herein). Except to the extent expressly provided otherwise herein, all interest, gain, loss and other income from such
investments shall be deposited, credited or charged (as applicable) in and to the Interest Collection Subaccount. The Collateral
Agent shall in no way be liable for any insufficiency in a Covered Account resulting from any loss relating to any such investment.
Without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall the Collateral Agent be liable for any negative interest accrued or applied
in respect of any funds received by it or maintained in an account hereunder. The Borrower shall be responsible for the payment
of any such negative interest and the Collateral Agent (or the Securities Intermediary) shall be entitled to deduct from amounts
on deposit in the Secured Accounts (as defined in the Account Control Agreement) an amount necessary to pay such negative interest.
For the avoidance of doubt, the reimbursement and indemnification protections afforded to the Collateral Agent under Section
12.04 of this Agreement shall apply in respect of any interest-related expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent (or the Securities
Intermediary) in the performance of its duties hereunder. 

(b) The
Collateral Agent agrees to give the Borrower prompt notice if any Covered Account or any funds on deposit in any Covered Account,
or otherwise to the credit of a Covered Account, shall become subject to any writ, order, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution
or similar process. 

(c) The
Collateral Agent shall supply, in a timely fashion, to the Borrower and the Collateral Manager any information regularly maintained
by the Collateral Agent that the Borrower or the Collateral Manager may from time to time reasonably request with respect to the
Collateral, the Covered Accounts and the other Collateral and provide any other requested information reasonably available to
the Collateral Agent and required to be provided by Section 8.06 or to permit the Collateral Manager to perform its
obligations hereunder or the Borrower s obligations hereunder that have been delegated to the Collateral Manager. The Collateral
Agent shall promptly forward to the Collateral Manager copies of notices and other writings received by it from the Obligor of
any Collateral Loan or from any Clearing Agency with respect to any Collateral Loan which notices or writings advise the holders
of such Collateral Loan of any rights that the holders might have with respect thereto (including, without limitation, requests
to vote with respect to amendments or waivers and notices of prepayments and redemptions) as well as all periodic financial reports
received from such issuer and Clearing Agencies with respect to such Obligor. 

- 103 - 

Section 8.06. Accountings .
The Collateral Manager shall compile and provide (or cause to be compiled and provided) to the Collateral Administrator and the
Administrative Agent a loan data file (the Data File for the previous monthly period ending on the Monthly
Report Determination Date (containing such information agreed upon by the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Administrator and
the Administrative Agent). The Collateral Administrator shall assist the Collateral Manager to compile (or cause to be compiled)
a monthly report on a settlement basis (each, a Monthly Report (containing such information agreed upon
by the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Administrator and the Administrative Agent). The first Monthly
Report shall be delivered in February 2023. The Collateral Administrator shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist the
Collateral Manager to compile such Monthly Report at least five (5) days prior to the Monthly Reporting Date. The Collateral Administrator
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Collateral Manager to review and confirm the calculations made by the
Collateral Manager in any such Monthly Report by the Monthly Reporting Date, and the Collateral Administrator shall cooperate
with the Collateral Manager in connection with such review. Upon completion of the Monthly Report by the Collateral Manager and
the Collateral Administrator and in any event by no later than the Monthly Reporting Date, the Collateral Administrator shall
compile and provide to the Agents, the Collateral Manager and the Lenders the Monthly Report. As used herein, the Monthly
Report Determination Date with respect to any calendar month will be the last day of the previous calendar month. The
Monthly Report delivered for any calendar month shall contain the information with respect to the Collateral Loans and Eligible
Investments included in the Collateral set forth on Schedule 2 hereto, and shall be determined as of the Monthly Report
Determination Date applicable to such Monthly Report. Additionally, each Monthly Report that is delivered on the first Monthly
Reporting Date to occur after the delivery of the quarterly valuation statements for the BDC pursuant to Section 5.01(d)(iii) shall include a statement reporting the assets (including cash) under management by the Collateral Manager. The Collateral
Manager shall provide such statement to the Collateral Administrator to be included in the Monthly Report at least five (5) days
prior to such Monthly Reporting Date. 

In
addition, the Collateral Manager shall provide together with each Data File a copy of each amendment, modification or waiver under
any Related Document for each Collateral Loan that constitutes a Material Modification, together with each other amendment, modification
or waiver under any Related Document for each Collateral Loan that, in the Collateral Manager s reasonable judgment, are
material in relation to the related Obligor, in each case that became effective during the one month period ending on the Monthly
Report Determination Date for the immediately prior Monthly Report (or, in respect of the first Monthly Report, from the Closing
Date) together with a listing of each Collateral Loan with respect to which one of the foregoing amendments, modifications or
waivers is being provided. 

Section 8.07. Release
of Collateral . (a) If no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may, by delivery of a certificate
of a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager delivered to the Collateral Agent at least one Business Day prior to the settlement
date for any sale of any item of Collateral certifying that the sale of such security is being made in accordance with Section 10.01 and such sale complies with all applicable requirements of Section 10.01 , direct the Collateral Agent (or the
Document Custodian on its behalf) to release or cause to be released such item from the lien of this Agreement and, upon receipt
of such certificate, the Collateral Agent (or Document Custodian, as applicable) shall deliver any such item, if in physical form,
duly endorsed to the broker or purchaser designated in such certificate or, if such item is a Clearing Corporation Security, cause
an appropriate transfer thereof to be made, in each case against receipt of the sales price therefor as specified by the Collateral
Manager in such certificate; provided that the Collateral Agent (or Document Custodian, as applicable) may deliver
any such item in physical form for examination in accordance with street delivery custom. 

- 104 - 

(b) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the Collateral Agent or Document Custodian, as applicable, shall, upon the receipt of a certificate
of the Borrower, by delivery of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager, deliver any Collateral as instructed
in such certificate, and execute such documents or instruments as are presented by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager and
are reasonably necessary to release or cause to be released such security from the lien of this Agreement, which is set for any
mandatory call or redemption or payment in full to the appropriate paying agent on or before the date set for such call, redemption
or payment, in each case against receipt of the call or redemption price or payment in full thereof. 

(c) As
provided in Section 8.02(a) , the Collateral Agent shall deposit any proceeds received by it from the disposition of
Collateral in the applicable subaccount of the Collection Account, unless simultaneously applied to the purchase of additional
Loans or Eligible Investments as permitted under and in accordance with the requirements of this Article VIII and
 Article X . 

(d) The
Collateral Agent shall, upon receipt of a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on its
behalf), at such time as all Obligations of the Borrower hereunder and under the other Facility Documents have been satisfied,
release any remaining Collateral from the lien of this Agreement. 

(e) Any
security, Collateral Loan or amounts that are released pursuant to Section 8.07(a) or (b) shall automatically
be released from the Lien of this Agreement. 

Section 8.08. [Reserved] . 

Section 8.09. Covered
Account Details . The account number of each Covered Account is set forth on Schedule 6 . 

Section 8.10. Delivery
of Reports, Notices, Etc. Documents and notices required to be delivered by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager pursuant
this Agreement may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which
the Borrower or the Collateral Manager posts such documents or notices, or provides a link thereto on the Collateral Manager s
website or otherwise delivers such documents or notices via email in accordance with Section 16.02 . 

- 105 - 

Article
IX 
 
 Application of Monies 

Section 9.01. Disbursements
of Monies from Payment Account . (a) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, but subject to the other subsections
of this Section 9.01 , on each Payment Date, the Collateral Agent shall disburse amounts transferred from the Collection
Account to the Payment Account pursuant to Section 8.02 in accordance with the following priorities (the Priority
of Payments as set forth in the related Monthly Report: 

(i) On
each Payment Date prior to the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Interest Proceeds on deposit in the Interest
Collection Subaccount, to the extent received on or before the related Determination Date (or, if such Determination Date is not
a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) will be transferred into the Payment Account, to be applied in the following
order of priority: 

(A) (1) first ,
to pay all out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of attorneys, experts and agents) of the Collateral
Agent incurred in connection with any sale of Collateral or other exercises of its remedial rights pursuant to Section 7.03 ;
and (2) second , to pay to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, Intermediary and the Document Custodian,
any amounts payable pursuant to Collateral Agent, Document Custodian, Collateral Administrator and Intermediary Fee Letter, this
Agreement and the other Facility Documents, provided that the amount applied under this clause (A)(2) 
for such Payment Date shall not exceed the Third Party Expense Cap for such Payment Date; provided , further 
that the Third Party Expense Cap shall not apply with respect to fees and expenses (including the fees and expenses of attorneys,
experts and agents) incurred in connection with the transfer of servicing to Successor Collateral Manager; 

(B) to
the Collateral Manager, to pay accrued and unpaid Collateral Management Fees and all other expenses (including indemnities) incurred
by the Collateral Manager in connection with the services provided under this Agreement and as further described in Sections
11.03 , 11.07 and 11.09 , provided that, to the extent directed by the Collateral Manager, all or
any portion of such Collateral Management Fees may be waived or payable to an Affiliate of the Collateral Manager; provided ,
 further , that the amount applied under this clause (B) for such Payment Date in respect of expenses and
indemnities shall not exceed the Collateral Manager Expense Cap for such Payment Date; 

(C) to
pay regular scheduled payments, any fees and expenses incurred under any hedge agreement (excluding any hedge termination payments); 

(D) to
each Lender to pay accrued and unpaid Interest due to each such Lender and amounts payable to each such Lender under Sections
2.09 and 2.10 ; 

- 106 - 

(E) (i)
if any Coverage Test is not satisfied as of the related Determination Date (on a pro forma basis as at such Determination
Date), to pay the principal of the Term Loan of each Lender pro rata , based on each Lender s Percentage) until such
test or tests are satisfied and (ii) if one or more Portfolio Quality Tests or the Minimum Obligor Amortization Test are not satisfied
as of the related Determination Date, to pay the principal of the Term Loan of each Lender pro rata , based on each Lender s
Percentage) until the earlier of (x) the Term Loan outstanding is reduced to zero or (y) the Borrower causes such Portfolio Quality
Test or the Minimum Obligor Amortization Test, as applicable, to be satisfied); 

(F) to
payment of Administrative Expenses; provided that the amount applied under this clause (F) for such Payment
Date shall not exceed the Administrative Expense Cap for such Payment Date; 

(G) to
the payment or application of amounts referred to in clauses (A) , (B) , (C) and (F) above (in
the same order of priority specified above), to the extent not paid in full pursuant to applications under such clauses; 

(H) [reserved]; 

(I) to
the payment of any hedge breakage or termination costs owed by the Borrower; 

(J) [reserved];
and 

(K) so
long as, after giving effect to such payment, the amount remaining on deposit in the Interest Collection Subaccount is at least
equal to the Interest Reserve Amount (unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent), the remainder to the Borrower or to
the BDC at the direction of the Collateral Manager. 

(ii) On
each Payment Date prior to the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Principal
Collection Subaccount that are received on or before the related Determination Date and that are not designated for reinvestment
by the Collateral Manager will be transferred to the Payment Account and applied, except for any such Principal Proceeds that
will be used to settle binding commitments (entered into prior to the related Determination Date) for the purchase of Loans, in
the following order of priority: 

(A) to
the payment of unpaid amounts under clauses (A) through (F) in clause (i) above (in the same order of
priority specified therein and subject to any limitations set forth therein), to the extent not paid in full thereunder; 

(B) Reserved; 

- 107 - 

(C) during
the Initial Period and so long as the Interest Coverage Ratio Test, the Overcollateralization Test, any Portfolio Quality Test
and the Minimum Obligor Amortization Test are satisfied, 75 of all remaining amounts shall be applied to prepay the Term Loan
and 25 of all remaining amounts to the Borrower or the BDC at the direction of the Collateral Manager; 

(D) [reserved]; 

(E) after
the Initial Period, to each Lender to pay the Term Loan of such Lender pro rata, based on each Lender s Percentage)
until the Term Loan is paid in full; 

(F) after
the Initial Period, to the payment of amounts referred to in clauses (G) and (I) of clause (i) above
(in the same order of priority specified therein), to the extent not paid in full thereunder; 

(G) after
the Initial Period, without duplication, to the payment of any other Administrative Expenses; and 

(H) after
the Initial Period, the remainder to the Borrower or to the BDC at the direction of the Collateral Manager. 

(iii) On
each Business Day following the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Interest Proceeds on deposit in the Interest
Collection Subaccount and Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount will be transferred to the Payment
Account and applied in the following order of priority: 

(A) to
the payment of unpaid amounts under clause (A) in clause (i) above (in the order specified therein and subject
to any limitations set forth therein; provided , that if the Term Loan has been accelerated following the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and the sale of the Collateral has commenced in connection therewith, such
limitations specified therein shall not be given any effect); 

(B) to
the payment of unpaid amounts under clause (B) in clause (i) above (subject to the Collateral Manager Expense
Cap if the Collateral Manager is the initial Collateral Manager or an Affiliate of the Borrower or the BDC); 

(C) to
each Lender to pay accrued and unpaid Interest due to each such Lender and amounts payable to each such Lender under Sections
2.09 and 2.10 ; 

(D) to
the payment of Administrative Expenses; provided that the amount applied under this clause (D) for such Business
Day shall not exceed the Administrative Expense Cap for such Business Day; 

- 108 - 

(E) to
each Lender to pay the Term Loan of such Lender pro rata, based on each Lender s Percentage) until the Term Loan
is paid in full; 

(F) to
the payment or application of amounts referred to in clauses (A) through (D) above (in the same order of priority
specified therein), to the extent not paid in full pursuant to applications under such clauses; 

(G) [reserved]; 

(H) to
the payment of any other Administrative Expenses to the extent not paid in full; 

(I) the
remainder to the Borrower or to the BDC at the direction of the Collateral Manager. 

(b) If
on any Payment Date the amount available in the Payment Account is insufficient to make the full amount of the disbursements required
by the Monthly Report, the Collateral Agent shall make the disbursements called for in the order and according to the priority
set forth under Section 9.01(a) to the extent funds are available therefor. 

Article
X 
 
 Sale of Collateral Loans; Purchase of Additional Loans 

Section 10.01. Sales
of Collateral Loans . (a) Discretionary Sales of Collateral Loans . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions
specified in Section 10.04, the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Borrower may sell any Collateral Loan, Defaulted
Loan, or Ineligible Loan if such sale meets the requirements set forth below provided that prior to such discretionary
sale, the Collateral Manager shall demonstrate that the requirements set forth below are met by submitting to the Lenders completed
forms of Compliance Certificate, Compliance Calculation Sheet and a calculation of the Excess
Concentration Amounts as set forth in the forms of Monthly Report Schedule 2 to this Agreement) as of the date
of such discretionary sale after giving effect thereto): 

(i) no Default
 or Event of Default is continuing or would result upon giving effect thereto (unless,
 in the case of such a Default, such Default will be cured upon giving effect to such
 sale and the application of the proceeds thereof); 

(ii) upon
 giving effect thereto and the application of the proceeds thereof, each Coverage Test
 is satisfied or if any such Coverage Test is not satisfied, such test is maintained
 or improved after giving effect to such sale) and each Portfolio Quality Test is satisfied
 (or if any Portfolio Quality Test is not satisfied, such test is maintained or improved
 after giving effect to such sale); 

- 109 - 

(iii) except
 as provided in Section 10.01(c) , if such sale is to an Affiliate of the Borrower,
 such sale is made for a purchase price at least equal to the Market Value thereof; 

(iv) such
 sale is made for Cash; and 

(v) in
 the reasonable judgment of the Collateral Manager, there is no adverse selection impacting
 the interest of the Secured Parties of such Collateral Loans to be sold. 

Notwithstanding
anything above that would otherwise prohibit the sale of a Collateral Loan after the occurrence or during the continuance of a
Default or an Event of Default, if the Borrower entered into an agreement to sell any such Collateral Loan prior to the occurrence
and continuance of such Default or an Event of Default, but such sale did not settle prior to the occurrence of such Default or
an Event of Default, then the Borrower shall be permitted to consummate such sale notwithstanding the occurrence and continuance
of such Default or an Event of Default, provided that such sale was not entered into in contemplation of the occurrence
of such Default or Event of Default and such settlement occurs within the customary settlement period for similar trades. 

(b) Sales
of Equity Securities. The Borrower may sell any Equity Security at any time without restriction, and shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to effect the sale of any Equity Security, regardless of price within forty-five days of receipt if such Equity
Security constitutes Margin Stock, unless such sale is prohibited by Applicable Law or applicable contract restriction, in which
case such Equity Security should be sold as soon as such sale is permitted by Applicable Law or applicable contract. 

(c) Certain
Restrictions. In the case of a sale of a Defaulted Loan or an Ineligible Loan to an Affiliate (without regard to the proviso
in the definition thereof) of the Borrower at a price less than the original percentage of par paid by the Borrower, the purchase
price shall not be less than the Market Value of such Defaulted Loan or Ineligible Loan (determined in accordance with clause
(a)(x) of the definition of Market Value ). 

(d) Terms
of Sales . All sales of Collateral Loans and other property of the Borrower under the provisions above in this Section 10.01
 must be exclusively for Cash. 

- 110 - 

Section 10.02. Purchase
of Additional Loans . On or about the effective date of any Facility Amount Increase, if no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Borrower may, if each of the conditions specified in this Section 10.02 and Section 10.04 are met, invest the proceeds of such Facility Amount Increase, together with Principal Proceeds,
accrued interest received with respect to any Collateral Loan to the extent used to pay for accrued interest on additional Loans
and other amounts on deposit in the Principal Collection Subaccount in additional Loans (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
Facility Amount Increase Participation Interests) , provided , that no Loan may be purchased unless each of the following
conditions are satisfied as of the date the Collateral Manager commits on behalf of the Borrower to make such purchase, in each
case after giving effect to such purchase and all other sales or purchases previously or simultaneously committed to: 

(i) such
obligation is an Eligible Loan; 

(ii) each
Coverage Test is satisfied; 

(iii) the
Concentration Limitations (recalculated, solely for this purpose, as of the date of such proposed acquisition) are satisfied;
and 

(iv) each
Portfolio Quality Test is satisfied. 

(b) Purchase
of Loans Involving Affiliates . Additional Loans may be purchased pursuant to Section 10.02(a) by the Borrower from
the Collateral Manager or any of its Affiliates only if (x) the material terms and conditions thereof are no less favorable
to the Borrower than the terms it would obtain if negotiated on an arms-length basis, (y) the transactions are effected in
accordance with all Applicable Laws and (z) such purchase is for an amount equal to or less than the lesser of (A) the
original purchase price paid by the Collateral Manager or such Affiliate (after adjustment for any borrowings or repayments and
amortization of upfront fees and exclusive of interest) and (B) the Collateral Manager s current mark with respect
to such Loan. 

Section 10.03. Substitution
and Transfer of Loans . (a) Substitutions. The Borrower may (including in connection with any retransfer of a Collateral
Loan to Fund under the Purchase and Contribution Agreement) replace any Collateral Loan (i) that has become a Defaulted Loan,
(ii) that has caused (or will cause) the failure of one or more of the Portfolio Quality Tests, (iii) the fair market value (expressed
as a percentage of par) of which is lower than 95 , or (iv) in connection with any rebalancing of the Collateral Loans on or about
the effective date of any Facility Amount Increase, with one or more substitute Loans (each of the foregoing, a Substitute
Loan ), subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth below and in Section 10.04(c) . 

(b) Conditions
to Substitution. No substitution of a Collateral Loan with a Substitute Loan shall occur unless each of the following conditions
is satisfied as of the date of such substitution (as certified to the Agents by the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on behalf
of the Borrower)): 

(i) each
Substitute Loan (x) is an Eligible First Lien Obligation (excluding Uni-Tranche Loans, Bifurcated First Lien Term Loans and Covenant
Lite Loans) and (y) has a lower Risk Factor Rating than the Loan being substituted for, in each case on the date of substitution; 

(ii) after
giving effect to any such substitution, each Coverage Test and Portfolio Quality Test is satisfied or if any such Coverage
Test or Portfolio Quality Test is not satisfied, such test is maintained or improved after giving effect to such substitution); 

- 111 - 

(iii) 100 
of the proceeds from the sale of the Collateral Loan(s) to be replaced in connection with such Substitute Loan are either applied
by the Borrower to acquire the Substitute Loan(s) or deposited in the Principal Collection Subaccount; 

(iv) no
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (before or after giving effect to such substitution); 

(v) there
is no adverse selection, impacting the interest of the Secured Parties, by the Borrower or Collateral Manager with regard to such
Collateral Loans to be substituted or the Substitute Loans; 

(vi) the
Borrower and, if the Collateral Manager is the initial Collateral Manager or an Affiliate of the Borrower or the BDC, the Collateral
Manager (on behalf of the Borrower) shall agree to pay the legal fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral
Agent in connection with any such substitution (including, but not limited to, expenses incurred in connection with the release
of the Lien of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in connection with such sale, substitution or repurchase); 

(vii) the
Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any amount to be deposited into the Collection Account in connection with any
such substitution and shall deliver to the Document Custodian the Related Documents for any Substitute Loans; 

(viii) upon
confirmation of the delivery of a Substitute Loan for each applicable Collateral Loan being substituted for, each applicable Collateral
Loan being substituted for shall be removed from the Collateral and the applicable Substitute Loan(s) shall be included in the
Collateral; 

(ix) the
Concentration Limitations (recalculated, solely for this purpose, as of the date of such proposed sale) are satisfied (or if there
is any Excess Concentration Amount, such Excess Concentration Amount is maintained or decreased after giving effect to such sale); 

(x) in
connection with the substitution of a Collateral Loan the fair market value (expressed as a percentage of par) of which is lower
than 95 , the Substitute Loan therefor has a fair market value (expressed as a percentage of par) higher than the Collateral Loan
being substituted for; and 

(xi) the
Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) on the date of such substitution a certificate
of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit M attached hereto certifying that each of
the foregoing is true and correct as of such date. 

Section 10.04. Conditions
Applicable to All Sale and Substitution and Purchase Transactions . (a) Any transaction effected under this Article X or in connection with the acquisition of additional Loans shall be conducted on an arm s length basis and, if effected
with a Person that is an Affiliate of the Collateral Manager (or with an account or portfolio for which the Collateral Manager
or any of its Affiliates serves as investment adviser), shall be on material terms no less favorable to the Borrower and the Secured
Parties than would be the case if such Person were not such an Affiliate or as otherwise expressly permitted under the Facility
Documents. 

- 112 - 

(b) Upon
each acquisition by the Borrower of a Loan, (i) all of the Borrower s right, title and interest to such Loan shall
be subject to the Lien granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) such Loan shall be Delivered to
the Collateral Agent (or the Document Custodian on its behalf, as applicable); provided , that, notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Related Documents with respect to such Loan may be delivered within ten (10) Business Days of the contribution
or acquisition of such Loan. 

(c) The
Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Loan(s) which are the subject of any sale to an Affiliate of the Borrower under
this Article X or substitution pursuant to Section 10.03 , together with the sum of the Aggregate Principal
Balance of all Collateral Loans sold to Affiliates or substituted in the twelve month period preceding the proposed date of sale
or substitution (or such lesser number of months as shall have elapsed since the Closing Date) shall not exceed 20 of the highest
Aggregate Collateral Balance during such period; provided that, the sum of the Aggregate Principal Balance of all
Defaulted Loans sold to Affiliates or substituted in the twelve month period preceding the proposed date of sale or substitution
(or such lesser number of months as shall have elapsed since the Closing Date) shall not exceed 10 of the of the highest Aggregate
Collateral Balance during such period. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing limitations shall not apply (i) to Warranty Loans,
(ii) where Collateral Loans are sold by the Borrower in connection with a Permitted Securitization or (iii) in connection with
a rebalancing of the Collateral Loans on or about the date of any Facility Amount Increase. 

(d) Upon
the sale or substitution of a Collateral Loan pursuant to this Article X , the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of
the Secured Parties, shall automatically and without further action be deemed to release and transfer to the Borrower, without
recourse, representation or warranty, all the right, title and interest of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties in, to and under such Collateral Loan being sold or being substituted for, as applicable. The Collateral Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, shall, at the sole expense of the Borrower, execute such documents and instruments of transfer
as may be prepared by the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Borrower, and take other such actions as shall reasonably be requested
by the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Borrower to effect the release and transfer of such Collateral Loan being sold or substituted
for pursuant to this Article X. 

(e) For
the avoidance of doubt, the restrictions set forth in Sections 10.01 and 10.04 shall not apply to the sale of Warranty
Loans. 

Section 10.05. Additional
Equity Contributions . The BDC may, but shall have no obligation to, at any time or from time to time contribute additional
equity to the Borrower for any purpose, including for the purpose of curing any Default, satisfying any Coverage Test, or enabling
the acquisition or sale of any Loan. Each equity contribution shall either be made (i) in Cash, (ii) by assignment and
contribution of an Eligible Investment and/or (iii) by assignment and contribution of a Loan. All Cash contributed to the
Borrower shall be treated as Principal Proceeds except to the extent that the Collateral Manager, in its discretion, specifies
that such Cash shall constitute Interest Proceeds. 

- 113 - 

Article
XI 
 
 Administration and Servicing of Contracts 

Section 11.01. Designation
of the Collateral Manager . (a) Initial Collateral Manager . The servicing, administering and collection of the Collateral
shall be conducted in accordance with this Section 11.01 by the Person designated as the Collateral Manager hereunder.
Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation is hereby appointed as, and hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties
and responsibilities, of Collateral Manager pursuant to the terms hereof. The Collateral Manager and the Borrower hereby acknowledge
that each of the Secured Parties are third party beneficiaries of the obligations taken by the Collateral Manager hereunder. 

(b) Subcontracts .
The Collateral Manager may, with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, subcontract with any other Person for
back office, servicing and administrative functions or collecting the Collateral; provided that (i) the Collateral
Manager shall select any such Person with reasonable care and shall be solely responsible for the fees and expenses payable to
such Person, (ii) the Collateral Manager shall not be relieved of, and shall remain liable for, the performance of the duties
and obligations of the Collateral Manager pursuant to the terms hereof without regard to any subcontracting arrangement and (iii) any
such subcontract shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 

Section 11.02. Duties
of the Collateral Manager . (a) Duties . The Collateral Manager shall take or cause to be taken all such actions as may
be necessary or advisable to service, administer and collect on the Collateral from time to time, all in accordance with Applicable
Law and the Collateral Management Standard. Without limiting the foregoing, the duties of the Collateral Manager shall include
the following: 

(i) supervising
the Collateral, including communicating with Obligors, executing amendments, providing consents and waivers, exercising voting
rights, enforcing and collecting on the Collateral and otherwise managing the Collateral on behalf of the Borrower; 

(ii) preparing
and submitting claims to Obligors on each Collateral Loan; 

(iii) maintaining
all necessary servicing records with respect to the Collateral; 

(iv) maintaining
and implementing administrative and operating procedures (including, without limitation, an ability to recreate servicing records
evidencing the Collateral in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof) and keeping and maintaining all documents,
books, records and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of the Collateral; 

- 114 - 

(v) promptly
delivering to the Administrative Agent, each Lender, the Collateral Administrator or the Collateral Agent, from time to time,
such information and servicing records (including information relating to its performance under this Agreement) as the Administrative
Agent, each Lender, the Collateral Administrator or the Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request; 

(vi) identifying
each Collateral Loan clearly and unambiguously in its servicing records to reflect that such Collateral Loan is owned by the Borrower
and that the Borrower is pledging a security interest therein to the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties)
pursuant to this Agreement; 

(vii) notifying
the Administrative Agent and each Lender of any material action, suit, proceeding, dispute, offset, deduction, defense or counterclaim
(1) that is or is threatened to be asserted by an Obligor with respect to any Collateral Loan (or portion thereof) of which it
has actual knowledge or has received notice; or (2) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(viii) maintaining
the perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral; 

(ix) with
respect to each Collateral Loan included as part of the Collateral, making copies of the Related Documents available for inspection
by the Administrative Agent, upon reasonable notice, at the offices of the Collateral Manager during normal business hours in
accordance with Section 5.03(d) ; 

(x) directing
the Collateral Agent to make payments pursuant to the terms of the Monthly Report in accordance with the Priority of Payments; 

(xi) directing
the acquisition, sale or substitution of Collateral in accordance with Article X ; 

(xii) providing
assistance to the Borrower with respect to the purchase of Loans and sale of Collateral Loans; 

(xiii) instructing
the Obligors or related the administrative and paying agents under the Related Documents, as applicable, on the Collateral Loans
to make payments directly into the Collection Account; 

(xiv) preparing
the Monthly Reports and cooperating with the Collateral Administrator in its duties hereunder in the manner and at the times required
hereunder; 

(xv) complying
with such other duties and responsibilities as required of the Collateral Manager by this Agreement; and 

(xvi) with
respect to each Loan proposed to be acquired by the Borrower, providing a Loan Checklist and Related Documents to the Document
Custodian (with an electronic copy provided to the Administrative Agent prior to the Term Loan, the proceeds of which are to be
used to fund all or a portion of such acquisition). 

- 115 - 

It
is acknowledged and agreed that the Borrower possesses only such rights with respect to the enforcement of rights and remedies
with respect to the Collateral Loans and the underlying assets securing such Collateral Loans under the Related Documents as have
been transferred to the Borrower with respect to the related Collateral Loan, and therefore, for all purposes under this Agreement,
the Collateral Manager shall perform its administrative and management duties hereunder only to the extent that, as a lender under
the Related Documents, it has the right to do so. 

(b) Exercise
of Remedies Not Release . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exercise by the Administrative Agent,
the Collateral Agent, each Lender and the Secured Parties of their rights hereunder or any other Facility Document shall not release
the Collateral Manager or the Borrower from any of their duties or responsibilities with respect to the Collateral. The Secured
Parties, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation or liability with respect
to any Collateral, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of the Collateral Manager hereunder. 

(c) Application
of Obligor Payments. Any payment by an Obligor in respect of any indebtedness owed by it to the Borrower shall, except as
otherwise specified by such Obligor or otherwise required by contract or law and unless otherwise instructed by the Administrative
Agent, be applied as a collection of a payment by such Obligor (starting with the oldest such outstanding payment due) to the
extent of any amounts then due and payable thereunder before being applied to any other receivable or other obligation of such
Obligor. 

Section
11.03. Liability of the Collateral Manager; Indemnification of the Collateral Manager Persons. 

(a) The Collateral Manager and any of its Affiliates, employees, shareholders, members, partners, assigns, representatives
or agents (each such individual or entity, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed to include the Administrator and
the Advisor, a Collateral Manager Person shall not be liable to the Borrower, any Lender, the Administrative
Agent, the Lead Arranger, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Document Custodian or any other Person for any
liability, loss (including amounts paid in settlement), damages, judgments, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys 
fees and expenses, accountant s fees and expenses and the fees and expenses of other experts), demands, charges or claim
(collectively, the Damages incurred by reason of any act or omission or alleged act or omission performed
or omitted by such Collateral Manager Person, or for any decrease in the value of the Collateral or any other losses suffered
by any party; provided , however , that a Collateral Manager Person shall be liable for any Damages
that arise (i) by reason of any act or omission constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, or gross negligence by any Collateral
Manager Person in the performance of or reckless disregard of the Collateral Manager s duties hereunder or (ii) by
any breach of the representations and warranties of the Collateral Manager expressly set forth in this Agreement (each such breach,
a Collateral Manager Breach ). 

- 116 - 

(b) The
Collateral Manager may rely in good faith upon, and will incur no Damages for relying upon, (i) any authoritative source
customarily used by firms performing services similar to those services provided by the Collateral Manager under this Agreement,
and (ii) the advice of nationally recognized counsel, accountants or other advisors as the Collateral Manager determines
reasonably appropriate in connection with the services provided by the Collateral Manager under this Agreement. 

(c) In
no event shall the Collateral Manager be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages of any kind whatsoever
(including but not limited to diminution in value or lost profits) even if the Collateral Manager has been advised of the likelihood
of such damages and regardless of the form of such action. 

(d) Each
Collateral Manager Person shall be held harmless and be indemnified by the Borrower for any Damages suffered by virtue of any
acts or omissions or alleged acts or omissions arising out of the activities of such Collateral Manager Person in the performance
of the obligations of the Collateral Manager under this Agreement or as a result of this Agreement, or the Borrower s ownership
interest in any portion of the Collateral Loans, except to the extent any such Damage arises as a result of a Collateral Manager
Breach. All amounts payable pursuant to this Section 11.03 shall be payable in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 

Section 11.04. Authorization
of the Collateral Manager . The Borrower hereby authorizes the Collateral Manager to take any and all reasonable steps in its
name and on its behalf necessary or desirable in the determination of the Collateral Manager and not inconsistent with the pledge
of the Collateral by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, hereunder, to collect all amounts
due under any and all Collateral, including, without limitation, endorsing its name on checks and other instruments representing
Collections, executing and delivering any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or
discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Collateral and, after the delinquency of any Collateral and
to the extent permitted under and in compliance with Applicable Law, to commence proceedings with respect to enforcing payment
thereof, to the same extent as the Collateral Manager could have done if it owned such Collateral. The Borrower shall furnish
the Collateral Manager (and any successors thereto) with any powers of attorney and other documents necessary or appropriate to
enable the Collateral Manager to carry out its collateral management duties hereunder, and shall cooperate with the Collateral
Manager to the fullest extent in order to ensure the collectability of the Collateral. In no event shall the Collateral Manager
be entitled to make the Secured Parties, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Administrative Agent or any Lender
a party to any litigation without such party s express prior written consent, or to make the Borrower a party to any litigation
(other than any foreclosure or similar collection procedure) without the Administrative Agent s consent. Following the occurrence
and continuance of an Event of Default (unless otherwise waived by the Lenders in accordance with Section 16.01 ), the Administrative
Agent (acting in its sole discretion or at the direction of the Required Lenders) may provide notice to the Collateral Manager
(with a copy to the Collateral Administrator, the Document Custodian and the Collateral Agent) that the Secured Parties are exercising
their control rights with respect to the Collateral in accordance with Section 6.02 . 

- 117 - 

Section 11.05. Realization
Upon Defaulted Loans . The Collateral Manager will use reasonable efforts consistent with the Collateral Management Standard,
this Agreement and the Related Documents to exercise (on behalf of the Borrower and the Secured Parties) available remedies (which
may include liquidating, foreclosing upon or repossessing, as applicable, or otherwise comparably converting the ownership of
any related property) with respect to any Defaulted Loan. The Collateral Manager will comply with the Collateral Management Standard,
the Related Documents and Applicable Law in realizing upon such related property, and employ practices and procedures, including
reasonable efforts, consistent with the Collateral Management Standard and the Related Documents, to enforce all obligations of
Obligors. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral Manager may cause the sale of any such related property
to the Collateral Manager or its Affiliates for a purchase price equal to the then fair market value thereof, any such sale to
be evidenced by a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager delivered to the Administrative Agent setting
forth the Collateral Loan, the related property, the sale price of the related property and certifying that such sale price is
the fair market value of such related property. The Collateral Manager will remit to the Collection Account the recoveries received
in connection with the sale or disposition of related property relating to any Defaulted Loan hereunder. 

Section 11.06. Collateral
Management Compensation . As compensation for its servicing and collateral management activities hereunder and reimbursement for its
expenses, the Collateral Manager shall be entitled to receive the Collateral Management Fee to the extent of funds available therefor
pursuant to the Priority of Payments, as applicable. 

Section 11.07. Payment
of Certain Expenses by Collateral Manager . The Collateral Manager (if the Collateral Manager is an Affiliate of the Borrower)
will be required to pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with its activities under this Agreement, including fees and
disbursements of its independent accountants, Taxes imposed on the Collateral Manager, expenses incurred by the Collateral Manager
in connection with the production of reports pursuant to this Agreement, and all other fees and expenses not expressly stated
under this Agreement for the account of the Borrower. The Collateral Manager shall be required to pay such expenses for its own
account and shall not be entitled to any payment therefor other than the Collateral Management Fee. 

Section 11.08. The
Collateral Manager Not to Resign; Assignment . The Collateral Manager shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby
imposed on it except upon the Collateral Manager s determination that the performance of its duties hereunder is or becomes
impermissible under Applicable Law. Any such determination permitting the resignation of the Collateral Manager shall be evidenced
by an opinion of counsel to such effect delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender. No such resignation shall become
effective until a Successor Collateral Manager shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Collateral Manager
in accordance with Section 11.09 . 

- 118 - 

Section 11.09. Appointment
of Successor Collateral Manager . (a) Upon resignation of the Collateral Manager pursuant to Section 11.08 ,
the Borrower may (with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders) at any time appoint a successor collateral
manager (the Successor Collateral Manager ), which, for the avoidance of doubt may be the Administrative Agent
or any Lender, and such Successor Collateral Manager shall accept its appointment by a written assumption in a form acceptable
to the Administrative Agent. Upon the occurrence and continuance of a Collateral Manager Termination Event, the Administrative
Agent may (with the consent of the Required Lenders and, in the case of a Collateral Manager Termination Event arising solely
under Section 6.03(a) , with the consent of the BDC) at any time appoint a successor collateral manager, which, for the
avoidance of doubt may be the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and such Successor Collateral Manager shall accept its appointment
by a written assumption in a form acceptable to the Administrative Agent. No assignment of this Agreement by the Collateral Manager
(including, without limitation, a change in control or management of the Collateral Manager which would be deemed an assignment 
under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended) shall be made unless such assignment is consented to in writing by the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, however, 
that nothing herein shall be construed to restrict the ability of the Administrative Agent to replace the Collateral Manager upon
the occurrence of a Collateral Manager Termination Event pursuant to Section 11.09 or any obligations of the Collateral
Manager in connection with such provisions. 

(b) Upon
its appointment (the Assumption Date ), the Successor Collateral Manager shall be the successor in all respects
to the Collateral Manager with respect to collateral management functions under this Agreement subject to and in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement (including without limitation Article XIII hereof) and shall be subject to all the responsibilities,
duties and liabilities relating thereto placed on the Collateral Manager by the terms and provisions hereof, and all references
in this Agreement to the Collateral Manager shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Collateral Manager; provided 
that the Successor Collateral Manager shall not (i) be deemed to have assumed or to become liable for, or otherwise have
any liability for, any duties, responsibilities, actions performed, breaches, defaults, claims, obligations or liabilities of
the terminated Collateral Manager or any other predecessor Collateral Manager arising before the Assumption Date, (ii) have
any obligation to pay any taxes required to be paid by the terminated Collateral Manager or any other predecessor Collateral Manager provided that the Successor Collateral Manager shall pay any income taxes for which it is liable), (iii) have any
liability for any failure to perform its duties as Collateral Manager, or any loss or damages arising from such failure, that
results from the actions (or inaction) of the terminated Collateral Manager or any other predecessor Collateral Manager on or
before the Assumption Date, (iv) have any obligation to perform advancing or repurchase obligations, if any, of the Borrower,
the terminated Collateral Manager or any other predecessor Collateral Manager unless it elects to do so in its sole discretion,
(v) have any obligation to pay any of the fees and expenses of any other party to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement
or any Facility Document, (vi) have any liability with respect to any of the representations and warranties of any predecessor
Collateral Manager under this Agreement, (vii) have any obligation to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any
financial liability in the performance of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights and powers, if, in its
reasonable judgment, it shall believe that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not
assured to it and (viii) have any obligation to file or record any financing statements or other documents in order to perfect
or continue any security interests contemplated by this Agreement unless it has been directed by the Administrative Agent to make
such filing or recordation. The indemnification obligations of the Successor Collateral Manager, upon becoming a Successor Collateral
Manager, are expressly limited to those arising on account of its failure to act in good faith and with reasonable care under
the circumstances. 

- 119 - 

(c) The
Collateral Manager agrees to cooperate and use its commercially reasonable efforts in effecting the transition of the responsibilities
and rights of servicing of the Collateral, including, without limitation, the transfer to the Successor Collateral Manager for
the administration by it of all cash amounts that shall at the time be held by the Collateral Manager for deposit, or have been
deposited by the Collateral Manager, or thereafter received with respect to the Collateral and the delivery to the Successor Collateral
Manager in an orderly and timely fashion of all files and records with respect to the Collateral and a computer data file in readable
form containing all information necessary to enable the Successor Collateral Manager to service the Collateral. In addition, the
Collateral Manager agrees to cooperate and use its commercially reasonable efforts in providing, at the expense of the Collateral
Manager, the Successor Collateral Manager with reasonable access (including at the premises of the Collateral Manager) to the
employees of the Collateral Manager, and any and all of the books, records (in electronic or other form) or other information
reasonably requested by it to enable the Successor Collateral Manager to assume the servicing functions hereunder and under this
Agreement and to maintain a list of key servicing personnel and contact information. 

(d) Notwithstanding
the Successor Collateral Manager s assumption of, and its agreement to perform and observe, all duties, responsibilities
and obligations of the Collateral Manager under this Agreement arising on and after the Assumption Date, the Successor Collateral
Manager shall not be deemed to have assumed or to become liable for, or otherwise have any liability for, any duties, responsibilities,
obligations or liabilities of the initial Collateral Manager or any other predecessor Collateral Manager arising under the terms
of this Agreement, arising by operation of law or otherwise with respect to the period ending on the Assumption Date, including,
without limitation, any liability for, any duties, responsibilities, obligations or liabilities of the initial Collateral Manager
or any other predecessor Collateral Manager arising on or before the Assumption Date under this Agreement, regardless of when
the liability, duty, responsibility or obligation of the initial Collateral Manager or any other predecessor Collateral Manager
therefor arose, whether provided by the terms of this Agreement arising by operation of law or otherwise, and in no case will
the Successor Collateral Manager have any liability for any failure to perform its duties as Collateral Manager, or any loss or
damages arising from such failure, that results from the actions (or inaction) of the initial Collateral Manager or any other
predecessor Collateral Manager on or before the Assumption Date. 

(e) The
Successor Collateral Manager undertakes to perform only such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Agreement,
it being expressly understood by all parties hereto that there are no implied duties or obligations of the Successor Collateral
Manager hereunder. 

- 120 - 

(f) Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement or any Facility Document to the contrary, the Successor Collateral Manager is authorized
to accept and rely on all of the accounting, records (including computer records) and work of the prior Collateral Manager relating
to the Collateral Loans (collectively, the Predecessor Collateral Manager Work Product without any audit
or other examination thereof, except to the extent that it knows such records or work product to be incorrect, and such Successor
Collateral Manager shall have no duty, responsibility, obligation or liability for the acts and omissions of the prior Collateral
Manager or any other predecessor Collateral Manager. If any error, inaccuracy, omission or incorrect or non-standard practice
or procedure (collectively, Errors exist in any Predecessor Collateral Manager Work Product and such Errors
make it materially more difficult to service or should cause or materially contribute to the Successor Collateral Manager making
or continuing any Errors (collectively, Continued Errors ), such Successor Collateral Manager shall have no
duty, responsibility, obligation or liability for such Continued Errors; provided that such Successor Collateral
Manager agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent further Continued Errors. In the event that the Successor Collateral
Manager becomes aware of Errors or Continued Errors, it shall, with the prior consent of the Administrative Agent, use its commercially
reasonable efforts to reconstruct and reconcile such data as is commercially reasonable to correct such Errors and Continued Errors
and to prevent future Continued Errors. The Successor Collateral Manager shall be entitled to recover its costs thereby expended
in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 

(g) The
Collateral Manager will, upon the request of the Successor Collateral Manager, provide the Successor Collateral Manager with a
power of attorney providing that the Successor Collateral Manager is authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf
of the Collateral Manager, as attorney-in-fact or otherwise, any and all documents and other instruments, and to do so or accomplish
all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of such notice of termination or to perform the duties
of the Collateral Manager under this Agreement. 

(h) The
Successor Collateral Manager shall not be liable for an action or omission to act hereunder, except for its own willful misconduct,
gross negligence or bad faith. Under no circumstances will the Successor Collateral Manager be liable for indirect, special, consequential
or incidental damages, such as loss of use, revenue or profit. In no event shall the Successor Collateral Manager be liable to
the Borrower for any bad debts or other defaults by Obligors. 

(i) Except
as set forth herein, the Successor Collateral Manager shall have no duty to review any information regarding the Collateral Manager,
including any financial statements or the information set forth herein. 

(j) If
the Successor Collateral Manager is prevented from fulfilling its obligations hereunder as a result of government actions, regulations,
fires, strikes, accidents, acts of God or other causes beyond the control of such party, the Successor Collateral Manager shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to resume performance as soon as reasonably possible, and the Successor Collateral Manager s
obligations shall be suspended for a reasonable time during which such conditions exist. 

- 121 - 

Article
XII 
 
 The Agents 

Section 12.01. Authorization
and Action . Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to take
such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and, to the extent applicable, the other Facility
Documents as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto, subject to the terms hereof. No Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein
or in the other Facility Documents, or any fiduciary relationship with any Secured Party, and no implied covenants, functions,
responsibilities, duties or obligations or liabilities on the part of such Agent shall be read into this Agreement or any other
Facility Document to which such Agent is a party (if any) as duties on its part to be performed or observed. No Agent shall have
or be construed to have any other duties or responsibilities in respect of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement or the other Facility Documents, no Agent shall be required to
exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected
in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders or, with respect to the Collateral
Agent, the Administrative Agent; provided that such Agent shall not be required to take any action which exposes
such Agent, in its judgment, to personal liability, cost or expense or which is contrary to this Agreement, the other Facility
Documents or Applicable Law, or would be, in its judgment, contrary to its duties hereunder, under any other Facility Document
or under Applicable Law. Each Lender agrees that in any instance in which the Facility Documents provide that an Agent s
consent may not be unreasonably withheld, provide for the exercise of such Agent s reasonable discretion, or provide to
a similar effect, it shall not in its instructions (or, by refusing to provide instruction) to such Agent withhold its consent
or exercise its discretion in an unreasonable manner. 

If
the Collateral Agent has been requested or directed by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders to take any action pursuant
to any provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document, the Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation to exercise
any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement or such Facility Document in the manner so requested unless it shall
have been provided indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred by
it in compliance with or in performing such request or direction. No provision of this Agreement or any Facility Document shall
otherwise be construed to require the Collateral Agent to expend or risk its own funds or to take any action that could in its
judgment cause it to incur any cost, expenses or liability, unless it is provided indemnity acceptable to it against any such
expenditure, risk, costs, expense or liability. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Agent shall not have any duty or obligation
to take any affirmative action to exercise or enforce any power, right or remedy available to it under this Agreement or any Facility
Document or Related Document unless and until directed by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf). 

- 122 - 

Neither
the Collateral Agent nor any officer, agent or representative thereof shall be personally liable for any action taken by any such
person in accordance with any notice given by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf) pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement or any other Facility Document even if, at the time such action is taken by any such person, the Required
Lenders or persons purporting to be the Required Lenders are not entitled to give such notice, except where the Responsible Officer
of the Collateral Agent has actual knowledge (without any duty of inquiry or investigation on its part) that such Required Lenders
or persons purporting to be the Required Lenders are not entitled to give such notice. If any dispute or disagreement shall arise
as to the allocation of any sum of money received by the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any Facility Document, the Collateral
Agent shall have the right to deliver such sum to a court of competent jurisdiction and therein commence an action for interpleader. 

If
in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Collateral Agent is required to decide between alternative courses of action,
it may request written instructions from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders as to the course of action desired by
it. If the Collateral Agent does not receive such instructions within two Business Days after it has requested them, the Collateral
Agent may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any such courses of action. The Collateral Agent shall act
in accordance with instructions received after such two-Business Day period except to the extent it has already, in good faith,
taken or committed itself to take, action inconsistent with such instructions. 

If
the Administrative Agent fails to hold at least 20 of the outstanding Term Loan, the Required Lenders may remove the Administrative
Agent and appoint a successor Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 12.05 . 

Section 12.02. Delegation
of Duties . Each Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and each other Facility Document by or through agents
or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. No Agent shall
be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 

Section 12.03. Agent s
Reliance, Etc. (a) Neither Agent nor any of its respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for
any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Facility
Documents, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
each Agent: (i) may consult with legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel for the Borrower or the Collateral
Manager or any of their Affiliates) and independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable
for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or
experts; (ii) makes no warranty or representation to any Secured Party or any other Person and shall not be responsible to
any Secured Party or any Person for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral) made in or in connection
with this Agreement or the other Facility Documents; (iii) shall not have any duty to monitor, ascertain or to inquire as
to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement, the other Facility Documents
or any Related Documents on the part of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager or any other Person or to inspect the property
(including the books and records) of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager; (iv) shall not be responsible to any Secured
Party or any other Person for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of any
Collateral, this Agreement, the other Facility Documents, any Related Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant
hereto or thereto or for the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Liens on the Collateral; and (v) shall
incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Facility Document by relying on, acting upon (or by refraining
from action in reliance on) any notice, consent, certificate, instruction or waiver, report, statement, opinion, direction or
other instrument or writing (which may be delivered by facsimile, email, cable, telex or other electronic transmission, if acceptable
to it) reasonably believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties. No Agent shall have any liability
to the Borrower or any Lender or any other Person for the Borrower s, the Collateral Manager s or any Lender s,
as the case may be, performance of, or failure to perform, any of their respective obligations and duties under this Agreement
or any other Facility Document. 

- 123 - 

(b) No
Agent shall be liable for the actions or omissions of any other Agent (including without limitation concerning the application
of funds), or under any duty to monitor or investigate compliance on the part of any other Agent with the terms or requirements
of this Agreement, any Facility Documents or any Related Documents, or their duties thereunder. Each Agent shall be entitled to
assume the due authority of any signatory and genuineness of any signature appearing on any instrument or document it may receive
(including, without limitation, the Notice of Borrowing received hereunder). No Agent shall be liable for any action taken in
good faith and reasonably believed by it to be within the powers conferred upon it, or taken by it pursuant to any direction or
instruction by which it is governed, or omitted to be taken by it by reason of the lack of direction or instruction required hereby
for such action (including without limitation for refusing to exercise discretion or for withholding its consent in the absence
of its receipt of, or resulting from a failure, delay or refusal on the part of the Required Lenders to provide, written instruction
to exercise such discretion or grant such consent from the Required Lenders, as applicable). No Agent shall be liable for any
error of judgment made in good faith unless it shall be proven by a court of competent jurisdiction that such Agent was grossly
negligent in ascertaining the relevant facts. Nothing herein or in any Facility Documents or Related Documents shall obligate
any Agent to advance, expend or risk its own funds, or to take any action which in its reasonable judgment may cause it to incur
any expense or financial or other liability for which it is not adequately indemnified. No Agent shall be liable for any indirect,
special or consequential damages (included but not limited to lost profits) whatsoever, even if it has been informed of the likelihood
thereof and regardless of the form of action. No Agent shall be charged with knowledge or notice of any matter unless actually
known to a Responsible Officer of such Agent, or unless and to the extent written notice of such matter is received by such Agent
at its address in accordance with Section 16.02 . Any electronically signed document delivered via email from a person purporting
to be a Responsible Officer shall be considered signed or executed by such Responsible Officer on behalf of the applicable Person.
No Agent shall have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such electronic signature
and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto. Any permissive
grant of power to an Agent hereunder shall not be construed to be a duty to act. Neither Agent shall be bound to make any investigation
into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent,
entitlement order, approval, electronic transmission or other paper or document. Neither Agent shall be liable for any error of
judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it, in good faith, or for any mistakes of fact or law, or for anything
that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith except in the case of its willful misconduct, bad faith, reckless
disregard or grossly negligent performance or omission of its duties. 

- 124 - 

(c) No
Agent shall be responsible or liable for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its control. Such acts shall
include but not be limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war, epidemics, governmental regulations imposed
after the fact, fire, communication line failures, computer viruses, power failures, earthquakes or other disasters. 

(d) The
delivery of reports, and other documents and information to the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Facility Document
or Related Document is for informational purposes only and the Collateral Agent s receipt of such documents and information
shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein.
The Collateral Agent is hereby authorized and directed to execute and deliver the other Facility Documents to which it is a party.
Whether or not expressly stated in such Facility Documents, in performing (or refraining from acting) thereunder, the Collateral
Agent shall have all of the rights, benefits, protections and indemnities that are afforded to it in this Agreement. 

(e) Each
Lender acknowledges that except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, the Collateral Agent has not made any representation
or warranty to it, and that no act by the Collateral Agent hereafter taken, including any consent and acceptance of any assignment
or review of the affairs of the Borrower, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Collateral Agent
to any Secured Party as to any matter. Each Lender represents to the Collateral Agent that it has, independently and without reliance
upon the Collateral Agent and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of
and investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the
Borrower, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party. Each
Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party and
based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in
taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the Facility Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary
to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the
Borrower and the Collateral Manager. The Collateral Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Secured Party
with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial or other condition or
creditworthiness of the Borrower or Collateral Manager which may come into the possession of the Collateral Agent. 

- 125 - 

(f) The
Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation (i) to monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of any
applicable Benchmark, or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence
of, any Benchmark Transition Event or Benchmark Replacement date, (ii) to select, determine or designate any alternative benchmark
rate or Benchmark Replacement, or other successor or replacement benchmark rate, or whether any conditions to the designation
of such a rate have been satisfied, or (iii) to select, determine or designate any benchmark replacement adjustment, or
other modifier to any replacement or successor rate, or (iv) to determine whether or what Conforming Changes are necessary
or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any inability,
failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement as a result of the unavailability of any
applicable Benchmark and absence of a designated replacement Benchmark, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or
inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including without limitation the Administrative Agent, in providing any
direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement and reasonably required
for the performance of such duties. 

Section 12.04. Indemnification .
Each of the Lenders agrees to indemnify and hold the Agents harmless (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower
pursuant to Section 16.04 or otherwise) from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties,
actions, judgments, suits, demands, charges, costs, expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of agents, experts
or attorneys) or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the
Agents in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Facility Document or any Related Document or any action
taken or omitted by the Agents under this Agreement or any other Facility Document or any Related Document; provided 
that no Lender shall be liable to any Agent for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions,
judgments, suits, demands, charges, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Agent s gross negligence or willful
misconduct; and provided, further , that no Lender shall be liable to the Collateral Agent for any portion of such
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, demands, charges, costs, expenses or disbursements
(for purposes hereof, Liabilities unless such Liabilities are imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against
the Collateral Agent as a result of any action taken, or not taken, by the Collateral Agent at the direction of the Administrative
Agent or such Lender or Lenders, as the case may be, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (it
being understood and agreed that the Collateral Agent shall be under no obligation to exercise or to honor any of the rights or
powers vested in it by this Agreement at the request or direction of any of the Lenders (or other Persons authorized or permitted
under the terms hereof to make such request or give such direction) pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Facility Documents,
unless such Lenders shall have provided to the Collateral Agent security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the
costs, expenses (including reasonable and documented fees and expenses of agents, experts and attorneys) and Liabilities which
might reasonably be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction, whether such indemnity is provided under this
 Section 12.04 or otherwise). The rights of the Agents and obligations of the Lenders under or pursuant to this Section 12.04 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and the earlier removal or resignation of any Agent hereunder. 

- 126 - 

Section 12.05. Successor
Agents . Subject to the terms of this Section 12.05 , each Agent may, upon thirty days notice to the
Lenders and the Borrower, resign as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable. If an Agent shall resign then
the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor agent. If for any reason a successor agent is not so appointed and does not
accept such appointment within thirty days of notice of resignation such Agent may appoint a successor agent. The appointment
of any successor Agent shall be subject to the prior written consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed); provided that the consent of the Borrower to any such appointment shall not be required
if (i) an Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing or, (ii) if such successor Agent is a Lender or an
Affiliate of such Agent or any Lender. Any resignation of an Agent shall be effective upon the appointment of a successor
agent pursuant to this Section 12.05 . After the effectiveness of any retiring Agent s resignation hereunder
as Agent, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Facility
Documents and the provisions of this Article XII shall continue in effect for its benefit with respect to any
actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement and under the other Facility Documents.
Any Person (i) into which the Collateral Agent may be merged or consolidated, (ii) that may result from any merger
or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent shall be a party, or (iii) that may succeed to the corporate trust
properties and assets of the Collateral Agent substantially as a whole, shall be the successor to the Collateral Agent under
this Agreement without further act of any of the parties to this Agreement. 

Section
12.06. Administrative Agent s Capacity as a Lender . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall
have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not
the Administrative Agent, and such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any
kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 

Section
12.07. Compensation of Collateral Agent . As compensation for its Collateral Agent activities hereunder, the Collateral Agent
shall be entitled to fees pursuant to the Collateral Agent, Document Custodian, Collateral Administrator and Intermediary Fee
Letter and any other reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
fees, costs and expenses of agents, experts and attorneys) and indemnity amounts payable by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager
to the Collateral Agent under the Facility Documents. 

Section
12.08. Recovery of Erroneous Payments . (a) If the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent (a Payor notifies a Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party (any such
Lender, Secured Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Payor has determined in its
sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under Section 12.08(b) that any funds received by such Payment
Recipient from the Payor or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received
by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any
such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually
and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof),
such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Payor, and such Lender or Secured Party shall (or, with respect
to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event
later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Payor the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to
which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each
day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date
such amount is repaid to the Payor in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Payor
in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Payor to any
Payment Recipient under this Section 12.08(a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

- 127 - 

(b) Without
limiting Section 12.08(a) , each Payment Recipient hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment
or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise)
from the Payor (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified
in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Payor (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment
or repayment (a Payment Notice ), (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, or (z) that
such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each
case: 

(i) an
error may have been made (in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y) or an error has been made (in
the case of immediately preceding clause (z) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 

(ii) such
Payment Recipient shall promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Payor
of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof and that it is so notifying the Payor pursuant to
this Section 12.08(b ). 

(c) Each
Lender or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Payor to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender
or Secured Party under any Facility Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Payor to such Lender or Secured Party
from any source, against any amount due to the Payor under Section 12.08(a) or under the indemnification provisions of
this Agreement. 

(d) In
the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Payor for any reason, after demand therefor by the
Payor in accordance with Section 12.08(a) , from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof)
(or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered
amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Payor s request to such Lender at any time,
(i) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Term Loan with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous
Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (such assignment of the Term
Loan of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any
accrued and unpaid interest (with any assignment fee to be waived by the Payor in such instance), and is hereby (together with
the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating
an Assignment and Acceptance by reference pursuant to any trading platform as to which the Payor and such parties are participants)
with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (ii) the Payor as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire
the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Payor as the assignee Lender shall become
a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender
hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations
under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement which shall survive as to such assigning Lender. 

- 128 - 

(e) The
parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed
by the Borrower, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such
Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Payor from the Borrower for the purpose of making such Erroneous
Payment. 

(f) To
the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby
waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand,
claim or counterclaim by the Payor for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any
defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

(g) Each
party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 12.08 shall survive the resignation or replacement
of the Payor, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, and/or the repayment, satisfaction or
discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Facility Document. 

Article
XIII 
 
 Reserved 

Article
XIV 
 
 The Document Custodian 

Section
14.01. Designation of Document Custodian . 

(a) Initial
Document Custodian . The role of Document Custodian with respect to the Related Documents delivered to it shall be conducted
by the Person designated as Document Custodian hereunder from time to time in accordance with this Section 14.01 .
Until the Administrative Agent shall give to U.S. Bank a Document Custodian Termination Notice, U.S. Bank is hereby appointed
as, and hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties and obligations of, Document Custodian pursuant to the
terms hereof. 

- 129 - 

(b) Successor
Document Custodian . Upon the Document Custodian s receipt of a Document Custodian Termination Notice from the Administrative
Agent of the designation of a successor Document Custodian pursuant to the provisions of Section 14.05 , the Document
Custodian agrees that it will terminate its activities as Document Custodian hereunder. Upon the resignation of the Document Custodian,
the Administrative Agent shall appoint a successor Document Custodian and if it does not do so within thirty days of the Document
Custodian s resignation, the Document Custodian may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a
successor. 

Section
14.02. Duties of Document Custodian . 

(a) Appointment .
Each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent hereby designate and appoint the Document Custodian to act as its agent and
hereby authorizes the Document Custodian to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers and perform such duties
as are expressly granted to the Document Custodian by this Agreement. The Document Custodian hereby accepts such agency appointment
to act as Document Custodian pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, until its resignation or removal as Document Custodian pursuant
to the terms hereof. 

(b) Duties .
On or before the Funding Effective Date, and until its removal pursuant to Section 14.05 , the Document Custodian shall
perform, on behalf of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, the following duties and obligations: 

(i) The
Document Custodian shall take and retain custody of the Related Documents delivered to it by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager
(on behalf of the Borrower) pursuant to Section 7.05 in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, all
for the benefit of the Secured Parties and subject to the Lien thereon in favor of the Administrative Agent, as agent for the
Secured Parties. Within five Business Days of its receipt of the Related Documents and Loan Checklist (the Review Period ),
the Document Custodian shall review the Related Documents delivered to it to confirm that (A) if the Loan Checklist or electronic
files delivered per the following sentence indicate that any document must contain an original signature, each such document appears
to bear the original signature, or if the Loan Checklist or electronic file indicates that such document may contain a copy of
a signature, that such copies appear to bear a reproduction of such signature and (B) based on a review of the applicable
note, the related initial principal loan balance when entered into or obtained by the Borrower, loan identification number and
Obligor name with respect to such Collateral Loan is referenced on the related Loan Checklist or electronic file and does not
appear to be a duplicate Collateral Loan (such items (A) through (B) collectively, the Review Criteria ).
In order to facilitate the foregoing review by the Document Custodian, in connection with each delivery of Related Documents for
a Collateral Loan hereunder to the Document Custodian, the Collateral Manager shall provide to the Document Custodian an electronic
file (in EXCEL or a comparable format acceptable to the Document Custodian) or the related Loan Checklist that contains a list
of all Related Documents for such Loan and whether they require original signatures, the loan identification number and the name
of the Obligor and the initial principal loan balance when entered into or obtained by the Borrower with respect to each related
Collateral Loan. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Document Custodian s obligation to review the Related
Documents shall be limited to reviewing such Related Documents based on the information provided on the Loan Checklist or electronic
file as the case may be. In receiving any Related Documents hereunder, and in maintaining any listing or providing any report
or communication with respect to the Related Documents held hereunder, the Document Custodian shall be required only to review
such Related Documents in accordance with the Review Criteria. Within one Business Day after the end of the Review Period, the
Document Custodian shall notify the Borrower, the Collateral Manager, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in writing
of any Related Documents listed on the Loan Checklist not included in the Related Documents so delivered to the Document Custodian
and any other exceptions to the Review Criteria substantially in the form of Exhibit L attached hereto (the Custodial
Certificate ). After the Document Custodian s delivery of the Custodial Certificate, the Collateral Manager shall
have ten Business Days to correct any non-compliance with any Review Criteria. In addition, if requested in writing in the form
of Exhibit E-1 by the Collateral Manager and approved by the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days of the Document
Custodian s delivery of such Custodial Certificate, the Document Custodian shall return the Related Documents for any Collateral
Loan which fails to satisfy a Review Criteria to the Borrower. Other than the foregoing, the Document Custodian shall not have
any responsibility for reviewing any Related Documents. 

- 130 - 

(ii) In
taking and retaining custody of the Related Documents, the Document Custodian shall be deemed to be acting as the custodian of
the Secured Parties, and has no instructions to hold any Related Documents for the benefit of any Person other than the Secured
Parties; provided that the Document Custodian makes no representations as to the existence, perfection or priority
of any Lien on the Related Documents or the instruments therein; and provided further that the Document
Custodian s duties as custodian shall be limited to those expressly contemplated herein. In so taking and retaining custody
of the Related Documents, the Document Custodian shall be deemed to be acting for the purpose of perfecting the Collateral Agent s
security interest therein under the UCC. 

(iii) The
Document Custodian shall maintain continuous custody of all items in its possession in secure facilities in accordance with customary
standards for such custody and shall reflect in its records the interest of the Secured Parties therein. Each Related Document
which comes into the possession of the Document Custodian (other than documents delivered electronically) shall be maintained
in fire-resistant vaults or cabinets at the office of the Document Custodian specified in Schedule 5 or at such other offices
as shall be specified to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Collateral Manager in a written notice at least thirty
(30) days prior to such change. Each Related Document shall be marked with an appropriate identifying label and maintained in
such manner so as to permit retrieval and access by the Document Custodian and the Administrative Agent. The Document Custodian
shall keep the Related Documents clearly segregated from any other documents or instruments in its files. 

- 131 - 

(iv) On
each Payment Date, the Document Custodian shall provide a written report to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Manager
(in a form acceptable to the Administrative Agent) identifying each Collateral Loan for which it holds Related Documents, the
non-complying Collateral Loans and the applicable Review Criteria that any non-complying Collateral Loan fails to satisfy. 

(v) In
performing its duties, the Document Custodian shall use a similar degree of care and attention as it employs with respect to similar
collateral that it holds as Document Custodian for others. 

(vi) In
no event shall the Document Custodian be liable for special, indirect or consequential losses or damages of any kind whatsoever
(including but not limited to lost profits) even if the Document Custodian has been advised of the likelihood of such damages
and regardless of the form of such action. 

(vii) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, delivery of the Collateral Loans acquired by the Borrower which constitute Noteless Loans or
Participations or which are otherwise not evidenced by a security or instrument as defined in Section
8-102 and Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC, respectively, shall be made by delivery to the Document Custodian (as part of the Related
Documents) of (i) in the case of a Noteless Loan, a copy of the loan register with respect to such Noteless Loan evidencing registration
of such Collateral Loan on the books and records of the applicable Obligor or bank agent to the name of the Borrower (or its nominee)
or a copy (which may be a facsimile copy) of an assignment agreement in favor of the Borrower as assignee, and (ii) in the case
of a Participation, a copy of the related participation agreement. Any duty on the part of the Document Custodian with respect
to the custody of such Collateral Loans shall be limited to the exercise of reasonable care by the Document Custodian in the physical
custody of any such Related Documents delivered to it, including any related instrument, security, credit agreement, assignment
agreement and/or other agreements or documents, if any (collectively, Financing Documents ), that may be delivered
to it as part of the Related Documents. 

- 132 - 

(viii) The
Document Custodian may assume the genuineness of any such Financing Document it may receive and the genuineness and due authority
of any signatures appearing thereon, and shall be entitled to assume that each such Financing Document it may receive is what
it purports to be. If an original security or instrument as defined in Section 8-102 and Section 9-102(a)(47)
of the UCC, respectively, is or shall be or become available with respect to any Collateral Loan to be held by the Document Custodian
under this Agreement, it shall be the sole responsibility of the Borrower to make or cause delivery thereof to the Document Custodian,
and the Document Custodian shall not be under any obligation at any time to determine whether any such original security or instrument
has been or is required to be issued or made available in respect of any Collateral Loan or to compel or cause delivery thereof
to the Document Custodian. 

(ix) With
respect to the documents comprising each Related Document, the Document Custodian shall (i) act exclusively as Document Custodian
for the Secured Parties, (ii) hold all documents constituting such Related Document received by it for the exclusive use
and benefit of the Secured Parties and (iii) make disposition thereof only in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
or with written instructions furnished by the Administrative Agent; provided , that in the event of a conflict between
the terms of this Agreement and the written instructions of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent s written
instructions shall control. 

(x) The Document Custodian shall accept only written instructions of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, Collateral Agent, Collateral
Manager or Administrative Agent concerning the use, handling and disposition of the Related Documents. 

(xi) 
In the event that (i) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent, any Agent, the Collateral Manager,
the Document Custodian or the Collateral Agent shall be served by a third party with any type of levy, attachment, writ or court
order with respect to any Related Document or a document included within a Related Document or (ii) a third party shall institute
any court proceeding by which any Related Document or a document included within a Related Document shall be required to be delivered
otherwise than in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the party receiving such service shall promptly deliver or
cause to be delivered to the other parties to this Agreement (to the extent not prohibited by Applicable Law) copies of all court
papers, orders, documents and other materials concerning such proceedings. The Document Custodian shall, to the extent permitted
by Applicable Law, continue to hold and maintain all the Related Documents that are the subject of such proceedings pending a
final, nonappealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction permitting or directing disposition thereof. Upon final determination
of such court, the Document Custodian shall dispose of such Related Document or a document included within such Related Document
as directed by the Administrative Agent, which shall give a direction consistent with such determination. The reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses of the Document Custodian incurred as a result of such proceedings shall be borne by the Borrower and paid
in accordance with Section 16.04. 

- 133 - 

(xii) The
Document Custodian shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with the request or direction
of any Secured Party, to the extent that this Agreement provides such Secured Party the right to so direct the Document Custodian,
or the Administrative Agent. The Document Custodian shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any matter hereunder, including
a Collateral Manager Termination Event, unless a Responsible Officer of the Document Custodian has knowledge of such matter or
written notice thereof is received by the Document Custodian. 

Section
14.03. Merger or Consolidation . Any Person (i) into which the Document Custodian may be merged or consolidated, (ii) that
may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Document Custodian shall be a party, or (iii) that may succeed to
the properties and assets of the Document Custodian substantially as a whole, which Person in any of the foregoing cases executes
an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the Document Custodian hereunder, shall be the successor to the Document
Custodian under this Agreement without further act of any of the parties to this Agreement. 

Section
14.04. Document Custodian Compensation and Indemnification . As compensation for its Document Custodian activities hereunder,
the Document Custodian shall be entitled to fees pursuant to Collateral Agent, Document Custodian, Collateral Administrator and
Intermediary Fee Letter. The Document Custodian s entitlement to receive the fees under the Collateral Agent, Document Custodian,
Collateral Administrator and Intermediary Fee Letter shall cease on the earlier to occur of: (i) its removal as Document
Custodian and appointment and acceptance by the successor custodian pursuant to Section 14.05 and the Document Custodian
has ceased to hold any Related Documents or (ii) the termination of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement or
earlier resignation or removal of the Document Custodian, the Borrower shall pay to the Document Custodian such compensation,
and shall likewise reimburse the Document Custodian for its costs, expenses and disbursements, as may be due as of the date of
such termination, resignation or removal, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, the Document Custodian shall be entitled
to all of the benefits of the indemnification provisions to the extent and in the manner set forth in Section 16.04 . All
indemnifications in favor of the Document Custodian under this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement, or any
resignation or removal of the Document Custodian. The Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse to the Document Custodian upon its request
from time to time all costs, disbursements, advances, and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of agents, experts
and legal counsel) incurred, in connection with the preparation, execution, performance or enforcement of this Agreement, or in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or performance by the Document Custodian of its duties and services under
this Agreement (including costs and expenses of any action deemed necessary by the Document Custodian to collect any amounts owing
to it under this Agreement). 

- 134 - 

Section
14.05. Document Custodian Resignation and Removal . 

(a) The
Document Custodian may be removed, with or without cause, by the Administrative Agent by notice given in writing to the Document
Custodian and the Collateral Agent (the Document Custodian Termination Notice ); provided that
notwithstanding its receipt of a Document Custodian Termination Notice, the Document Custodian shall continue to act in such capacity
(and shall continue to be entitled to receive fees) until a successor Document Custodian has been appointed, has agreed to act
as Document Custodian hereunder, and has received all Related Documents held by the previous Document Custodian. Any such appointment
shall be accomplished by written instrument and one original counterpart of such instrument of appointment shall be delivered
to the Document Custodian and the successor custodian, with a copy delivered to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Collateral
Agent and the Collateral Manager. 

(b) The Document Custodian shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby imposed on it except upon (a) written notice
to the Borrower, the Collateral Manager and the Administrative Agent, or (b) the Document Custodian s determination
that (i) the performance of its duties hereunder is or becomes impermissible under Applicable Law and (ii) there is
no reasonable action that the Document Custodian could take to make the performance of its duties hereunder permissible under
Applicable Law. Any such determination permitting the resignation of the Document Custodian shall be evidenced as to clause (i) above by an opinion of counsel to such effect delivered to the Administrative Agent. No such resignation shall become effective
until a successor custodian shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Document Custodian hereunder. Promptly
after receipt of notice of the Document Custodian s resignation, the Administrative Agent shall promptly appoint a successor
custodian by written instrument, in duplicate, copies of which instrument shall be delivered to the Borrower, the Collateral Manager,
each Agent, the resigning Document Custodian and to the successor custodian. 

(c) In
the event of any such resignation or removal, the Document Custodian shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt
of notice of the successor custodian, transfer to the successor custodian, as directed in writing by the Administrative Agent,
all the Related Documents being administered under this Agreement. The cost of the shipment of Related Documents arising out of
the resignation of the Document Custodian pursuant to Section 14.05(b) shall be at the expense of the Document Custodian.
Any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket cost of shipment arising out of the removal or discharge of the Document Custodian
pursuant to Section 14.05(a) shall be at the expense of the Borrower and paid in accordance with Section 16.04 . 

Section
14.06. Limitation on Liability . 

(a) The
Document Custodian may conclusively rely on and shall be fully protected in acting upon any certificate, instrument, opinion,
notice, letter, facsimile, email, electronic transmission or other document delivered to it and that in good faith it reasonably
believes to be genuine and that has been signed by the proper party or parties. The Document Custodian may rely conclusively on
and shall be fully protected in acting upon (a) the written instructions (including any instructions provided by facsimile,
email or other electronic transmission) of any designated officer of the Administrative Agent or (b) the verbal instructions
of the Administrative Agent. 

- 135 - 

(b) The
Document Custodian may consult counsel satisfactory to it and the advice or opinion of such counsel shall be full and complete
authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance
with the advice or opinion of such counsel. The Document Custodian may exercise any of its rights or powers hereunder or perform
any of its duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys, and the Document Custodian shall not be responsible
for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed hereunder with due care by it. Each of the protections,
reliances, indemnities and immunities offered to the Collateral Agent in Article XII shall be afforded to the Document Custodian. 

(c) The
Document Custodian shall not be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it, in good
faith, or for any mistakes of fact or law, or for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith except,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in the case of its willful misconduct, bad faith or grossly negligent
performance or omission of its duties and in the case of its grossly negligent performance of its duties in taking and retaining
custody of the Related Documents. 

(d) The
Document Custodian makes no warranty or representation and shall have no responsibility (except as expressly set forth in this
Agreement) as to the content, enforceability, completeness, validity, sufficiency, value, genuineness, ownership or transferability
of the Collateral, and will not be required to and will not make any representations as to the validity or value (except as expressly
set forth in this Agreement) of any of the Collateral. The Document Custodian shall not be obligated to take any action hereunder
that might in its judgment involve any expense or liability unless it has been furnished with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory
to it. 

(e) The
Document Custodian shall have no duties or responsibilities except such duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth
in this Agreement and no covenants or obligations shall be implied in this Agreement against the Document Custodian. 

(f) The
Document Custodian shall not be required to expend or risk its own funds in the performance of its duties hereunder. 

(g) It
is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the Document Custodian is not guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability
for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to the Collateral. 

(h) Without
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Document Custodian shall be without liability to the Borrower, Collateral Manager,
the Administrative Agent or any other Person for any failure or delay in the performance or its obligations hereunder because
of, or for any damage or loss resulting from or caused by, events or circumstances beyond the Document Custodian s reasonable
control, including nationalization, expropriation, currency restrictions, the interruption, disruption or suspension of the normal
procedures and practices of any securities market, power, mechanical, communications or other technological failures or interruptions,
computer viruses or the like, fires, floods, earthquakes or other natural disasters, civil and military disturbance, acts of war
or terrorism, riots, revolution, acts of God, work stoppages, strikes, national disasters of any kind, or other similar events
or acts; errors by the Borrower, the Collateral Manager, Collateral Administrator or the Administrative Agent (including any Responsible
Officer of any thereof) in its instructions to the Document Custodian; or changes in applicable law, regulation or orders. 

- 136 - 

(i) In
the event that (i) the Borrower, Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Manager, the Administrative
Agent, Lenders or Document Custodian shall be served by a third party with any type of levy, attachment, writ or court order with
respect to any Loan or Related Documents or (ii) a third party shall institute any court proceeding by which any Related
Document shall be required to be delivered otherwise than in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the party receiving
such service shall promptly deliver or cause to be delivered to the other parties to this Agreement copies of all court papers,
orders, documents and other materials concerning such proceedings. The Document Custodian shall, to the extent permitted by law,
continue to hold and maintain all the Related Documents that are the subject of such proceedings pending a final, nonappealable
order of a court of competent jurisdiction permitting or directing disposition thereof. Upon final determination of such court,
the Document Custodian shall dispose of such Related Documents as directed by the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent, which
shall give a direction consistent with such determination. Expenses of the Document Custodian incurred as a result of such proceedings
shall be borne by the Borrower. 

Section
14.07. Delivery of Related Documents . (a) The Borrower shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Document Custodian
all of the Related Documents for each Collateral Loan owned by the Borrower at any time during the term of this Agreement at the
address identified herein. The Document Custodian shall not be responsible for any Collateral Loan or Related Document until actually
received by it. 

(b) The Borrower or the Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Borrower) shall deliver, promptly after the acquisition of any Collateral
Loan (but no more than five (5) Business Days after such acquisition) the Related Documents for each Collateral Loan. In connection
with each delivery of Related Documents to the Document Custodian, the Collateral Manager shall represent, warrant and agree that
the Related Documents delivered to the Document Custodian shall include all of the documents listed in the related Loan Checklist
and all of such documents are complete in all material respects pursuant to a certification in the form of Exhibit G executed
by a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager. 

(c) 
Notwithstanding any language to the contrary herein, the Document Custodian shall make no representations as to, and shall not
be responsible to verify, (i) the validity, legality, ownership, title, perfection, priority, enforceability, due authorization,
recordability, sufficiency for any purpose, or genuineness of any of the documents contained in the Related Documents or (ii) the
collectability, insurability, effectiveness or suitability of any such Collateral Loan. 

- 137 - 

Section
14.08. Release of Related Documents . 

(a) Release
for Servicing. From time to time and as appropriate for the enforcement or servicing of any of the Collateral, the Document
Custodian is hereby authorized (unless and until such authorization is revoked by the Administrative Agent) to, and shall, upon
written receipt from the Collateral Manager of a request for release of documents and receipt in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit
E-1 a Request for Release of Related Documents ), release to the Collateral Manager within two Business
Days of receipt of such request, the Related Documents or the documents set forth in such Request for Release of Related Documents.
All documents so released to the Collateral Manager shall be held by the Collateral Manager in trust for the benefit of the Administrative
Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Collateral Manager shall return to the Document Custodian the Related
Documents or other such documents (i) promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent, or (ii) when the Collateral
Manager s need therefor in connection with such enforcement or servicing no longer exists. Upon receipt of a certificate
of the Collateral Manager substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 (a Certificate for Release of Related Documents ),
with a copy to the Administrative Agent (who shall forward a copy to the Collateral Agent), stating that such Collateral Loan
was either (x) liquidated and that all amounts received or to be received in connection with such liquidation that are required
to be deposited have been so deposited, (y) sold pursuant to a sale in accordance with Section 10.01 , or (z) repurchased
or substituted in accordance with Section 10.03 , the Document Custodian shall within three (3) Business Days of its receipt
of such Certificate for Release of Related Documents, release the requested Related Documents to the Collateral Manager, and the
Collateral Manager will not be required to return the Related Documents to the Document Custodian. 

(b) Release
for Payment. Upon receipt by the Document Custodian of the Collateral Manager s Request for Release of Related Documents
(which certification shall include a statement to the effect that all amounts received in connection with such payment or repurchase
have been credited to the Collection Account as provided in this Agreement), the Document Custodian shall promptly release the
Related Documents to the Collateral Manager. 

Section
14.09. Return of Related Documents . The Borrower may, with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld), require that the Document Custodian return each Related Document (as applicable), respectively
(a) delivered to the Document Custodian in error, (b) as to which the Lien on the underlying assets securing such related
Collateral Loan has been so released pursuant to Section 7.02 , (c) that has been the subject of a discretionary
sale or any sale of a loan pursuant to Section 10.01 or substitution pursuant to Section 10.03 or (d) that
is required to be redelivered to the Borrower in connection with the termination of this Agreement, in each case by submitting
to the Document Custodian and the Administrative Agent a written Request for Release of Related Documents (signed by both the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent) specifying the Collateral to be so returned and reciting that the conditions to such release
have been met (and specifying the Section or Sections of this Agreement being relied upon for such release). The Document Custodian
shall upon its receipt of each such Request for Release of Related Documents executed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
promptly, but in any event within two Business Days, return the Related Documents so requested to the Borrower. 

- 138 - 

Section
14.10. Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding the Collateral; Audits . 

(a) The
Collateral Manager and the Document Custodian shall provide to the Administrative Agent access to the Related Documents and
all other documentation regarding the Collateral including in such cases where the Administrative Agent is required in
connection with the enforcement of the rights or interests of the Secured Parties, or by applicable statutes or regulations,
to review such documentation, such access being afforded without charge (but, with respect to the Document Custodian, at the
expense of the Borrower) but only (i) upon two Business Days prior written request, (ii) during normal
business hours and (iii) subject to the Collateral Manager s and Document Custodian s normal security and
confidentiality procedures; provided that the Administrative Agent may, and shall upon request of any Lender,
permit each Lender to be included on any such review, and shall use reasonably commercial efforts to schedule any review on a
day when Lenders desiring to participate in such review may be included. From time to time at the discretion of the
Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may review the Collateral Manager s collection and administration of the
Collateral in order to assess compliance by the Collateral Manager with ARTICLE XI and may conduct an audit of
the Collateral, and Related Documents in conjunction with such a review. Such review shall be reasonable in scope and shall
be completed in a reasonable period of time, in each case subject to the provisions of Section 5.03(e) . The Collateral
Manager hereby agrees to cause each of the Administrator and the Advisor, as applicable, to provide access to the Related
Documents and all other documentation regarding the Collateral and allow the Administrative Agent the right to review their
collection and administration of the Collateral, as required under this Section 14.10(a) . 

(b) Without
limiting the foregoing provisions of Section 14.10(a) , from time to time on request of the Administrative Agent, the Document
Custodian shall permit certified public accountants or other independent auditors acceptable to the Administrative Agent to conduct
a review of the Related Documents and all other documentation regarding the Collateral. Up to one such review per fiscal year
shall be at the expense of the Borrower and additional reviews in a fiscal year shall be at the expense of the requesting Lender(s);
 provided that, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, any such reviews, regardless
of frequency, shall be at the expense of the Borrower. 

Section
14.11. Representations and Warranties of the Document Custodian . The Document Custodian in its individual capacity and
as Document Custodian represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) Organization;
Power and Authority. It is a duly organized and validly existing national banking association in good standing under the laws
of the United States. It has full corporate power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations as
Document Custodian under this Agreement. 

(b) Due
Authorization. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions provided for herein have
been duly authorized by all necessary association action on its part, either in its individual capacity or as Document Custodian,
as the case may be. 

- 139 - 

(c) No
Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and the fulfillment
of the terms hereof will not conflict with, result in any breach of its articles of incorporation or bylaws or any of the material
terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any indenture, contract,
agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, or other instrument to which the Document Custodian is a party or by which it or any of its
property is bound. 

(d) No
Violation. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and the fulfillment
of the terms hereof will not conflict with or violate, in any material respect, any Applicable Law as to the Document Custodian. 

(e) All
Consents Required. All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders or other actions of any Person or Governmental Authority
applicable to the Document Custodian, required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance
by the Document Custodian of the transactions contemplated hereby and the fulfillment by the Document Custodian of the terms hereof
have been obtained. 

(f) Validity.
 The Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Document Custodian, enforceable against the Document
Custodian in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable Bankruptcy Code and general
principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity). 

Section
14.12. Covenants of the Document Custodian . 

(a) Affirmative
Covenants of the Document Custodian. 

(i) Compliance
with Law. The Document Custodian will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Law. 

(ii) Preservation
of Existence . The Document Custodian will preserve and maintain its existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction
of its formation and qualify and remain qualified in good standing in each jurisdiction where failure to preserve and maintain
such existence, rights, franchises, privileges and qualification has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(iii) Location
of Related Documents. Subject to Section 14.08 , the Related Documents shall remain at all times in the possession
of the Document Custodian at the Corporate Trust Office of the Document Custodian unless notice of a different address is given
in accordance with the terms hereof or unless the Administrative Agent agrees to allow certain Related Documents to be released
to the Collateral Manager on a temporary basis in accordance with the terms hereof, except as such Related Documents may be released
pursuant to this Agreement. 

- 140 - 

(b) Negative
Covenants of the Document Custodian. 

(i) Related
Documents. The Document Custodian will not dispose of any documents constituting the Related Documents in any manner that
is inconsistent with the performance of its obligations as the Document Custodian pursuant to this Agreement. 

(ii) No
Changes to Document Custodian Fee. The Document Custodian will not make any changes to the custodian fee set forth in the
Collateral Agent, Document Custodian, Collateral Administrator and Intermediary Fee Letter without the prior written approval
of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Section
14.13. Transmission of Related Documents . Written instructions as to the method of shipment and shipper(s) the Document
Custodian is directed to utilize in connection with the transmission of Related Documents in the performance of the Document Custodian s
duties hereunder shall be delivered by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager to the Document Custodian prior to any shipment
of any Related Documents hereunder. In the event the Document Custodian does not receive such written instruction from the Borrower
or the Collateral Manager, the Document Custodian shall be authorized and indemnified as provided herein to utilize a nationally
recognized courier service. The Collateral Manager shall arrange for the provision of such services at the sole cost and expense
of the Borrower (or, at the Document Custodian s option, reimburse the Document Custodian for all reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Document Custodian consistent with such instructions in accordance with Section
16.04 and shall maintain such insurance against loss or damage to the Related Documents as the Collateral Manager deems appropriate. 

Section
14.14 Document Custodian as Agent of Collateral Agent . The Document Custodian agrees that, with respect to any Related
Document at any time or times in its possession or held in its name, the Document Custodian shall be the agent and custodian of
the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, for purposes of perfecting (to the extent not otherwise perfected)
the Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral and for the purpose of ensuring that such security interest is
entitled to first priority status under the UCC. For so long as the Document Custodian is the same entity as the Collateral Agent,
the Document Custodian shall be entitled to the same rights and protections afforded to the Collateral Agent hereunder. 

- 141 - 

Article
XV 
 
The Collateral Administrator 

Section
15.01. Powers and Duties of Collateral Administrator . (a) U.S. Bank shall act as Collateral
Administrator pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, until U.S. Bank s resignation or removal as Collateral
Administrator pursuant to Section 15.04 hereof. In such capacity, the Collateral Administrator shall assist the
Borrower and the Collateral Manager by maintaining a database of certain characteristics with respect to the Collateral on an
ongoing basis, and in providing to the Borrower and the Collateral Manager certain reports, calculations and other data (as
may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto), which reports, calculations and other data the Borrower or the Collateral
Manager on its behalf, and/or the Collateral Administrator is required to prepare and deliver (or which are necessary to be
performed in order that certain reports and calculations can be performed as required) under Section 8.06 . U.S.
Bank s duties and authority to act as Collateral Administrator hereunder are limited to the duties and authority
specifically set forth in this Agreement. By entering into, or performing its duties under, this Agreement, the Collateral
Administrator shall not be deemed to assume any obligations or liabilities of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager under
this Agreement, and nothing herein contained shall be deemed to release, terminate, discharge, limit, reduce, diminish,
modify, amend or otherwise alter in any respect the duties, obligations or liabilities of the Borrower or the Collateral
Manager under or pursuant to this Agreement. 

(b) The
Collateral Administrator shall perform the following general functions from time to time: 

(i) Promptly,
and in any event within 30 days after the Closing Date, create a collateral database with respect to the Collateral (the Collateral
Database ); 

(ii) Update
the Collateral Database promptly for changes and to reflect the sale or other disposition of the Collateral Loans included in
the Collateral (the Portfolio Collateral and the addition to the Collateral of additional Loans from time
to time, in each case based upon, and to the extent of, information furnished to the Collateral Administrator by or on behalf
of the Borrower or Collateral Manager as may be reasonably required by the Collateral Administrator, or by the agents for the
underlying obligors from time to time, or based on information maintained by U.S. Bank in its capacity as Collateral Agent under
this Agreement; 

(iii) Provide
or make available the information contained in the Collateral Database to the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Borrower, as
the Collateral Manager shall reasonably request; 

(iv) Track
the receipt and daily allocation to the Collection Account with respect to Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds and the outstanding
balance therein, and any withdrawals therefrom and, on each Business Day, provide to the Collateral Manager daily reports reflecting
such actions to the Collection Accounts as of the close of business on the preceding Business Day; 

- 142 - 

(v) [Reserved]; 

(vi) [Reserved];
and 

(vii) So
long as the same Person serves as both Collateral Administrator and as Collateral Agent under this Agreement, provide such other
information with respect to the Collateral as may be routinely maintained by the Collateral Administrator in performing its ordinary
Collateral Agent function pursuant to this Agreement (so long as it shall also serve as Collateral Agent under this Agreement),
or as may be required by this Agreement, as the Borrower or Collateral Manager may reasonably request from time to time. 

(c) The
Collateral Manager shall cooperate with the Collateral Administrator in connection with the matters described herein, including
the confirmation by the Collateral Administrator of the calculations contained in the Monthly Reports. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Collateral Manager shall advise in a timely manner the Collateral Administrator of the results of any determinations
required or permitted to be made by it or the Borrower under this Agreement and supply the Collateral Administrator with such
other information (in a mutually agreeable format) as is maintained by or on behalf of the Collateral Manager that the Collateral
Administrator may from time to time reasonably request with respect to the Collateral and reasonably needed to perform its obligations
hereunder or required to permit the Collateral Administrator to perform its obligations hereunder (including the Collateral Manager s
determinations of Market Value, Aggregate Collateral Balance and Concentration Limitations, as applicable) and any other information
that may be reasonably required under this Agreement with respect to a Collateral Loan (including as to its designation as a Defaulted
Loan, Ineligible Loan or Equity Security). 

(d) If,
in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Collateral Administrator is required to decide between alternative courses
of action or is otherwise uncertain as to the performance of its duties, including alternative methodologies in connection with
any Benchmark Replacement or any calculations required to be performed by the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Administrator
may request written instructions (or, in its sole discretion, oral instructions followed by written confirmation thereof) from
the Borrower or the Collateral Manager, upon which the Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to conclusively rely, as to
the course of action desired by it. If the Collateral Administrator does not receive such instructions within two Business Days
after it has requested them, the Collateral Administrator may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any
such courses of action. The Collateral Administrator shall act in accordance with instructions received after such two-Business
Day period except to the extent it has already taken, or committed itself to take, action inconsistent with such instructions.
The Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to rely on the advice of legal counsel and independent accountants in performing
its duties hereunder and shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if it acts in accordance with such advice. 

(e) Nothing
herein shall prevent the Collateral Administrator or any of its Affiliates from engaging in other businesses or from rendering
services of any kind to any Person. 

- 143 - 

Section
15.02. Compensation . The Borrower agrees to pay, and the Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to receive, compensation
for, and reimbursement for expenses in connection with, the Collateral Administrator s performance of the duties called
for herein as provided in the Collateral Agent, Document Custodian, Collateral Administrator and Intermediary Fee Letter. 

Section
15.03. Limitation of Responsibility of the Collateral Administrator; Indemnification . (a) The Collateral Administrator
will have no responsibility under this Agreement other than to render the services expressly called for hereunder in good faith
and without willful misfeasance, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties hereunder. The Collateral Administrator
shall incur no liability to anyone in acting upon any signature, instrument, statement, notice, resolution, request, direction,
consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other document or paper reasonably believed by it to be genuine and reasonably
believed by it to be signed by the proper party or parties. The Collateral Administrator may exercise any of its rights or powers
hereunder or perform any of its duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys, and the Collateral Administrator
shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed hereunder with due care
by it. Neither the Collateral Administrator nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, agents or employees
will be liable to the Collateral Manager, the Borrower or any other Person, except by reason of acts or omissions by the Collateral
Administrator constituting bad faith, willful misfeasance, fraud, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the Collateral Administrator s
duties hereunder. The Collateral Administrator shall in no event have any liability for the actions or omissions of the Borrower,
the Collateral Manager or any other Person, and shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in any duty performed by it
that results from or is caused by inaccurate, untimely or incomplete information or data received by it from the Borrower, the
Collateral Manager or another Person except to the extent that such inaccuracies or errors are caused by the Collateral Administrator s
own bad faith, willful misfeasance, fraud, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties hereunder. The Collateral Administrator
shall not be liable for failing to perform or delay in performing its specified duties hereunder which results from or is caused
by a failure or delay on the part of the Borrower, the Collateral Manager or another Person in furnishing necessary, timely and
accurate information to the Collateral Administrator. The duties and obligations of the Collateral Administrator and its employees
or agents shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Agreement and they shall not be under any obligation or
duty except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth herein, and no implied covenants
shall be read into this Agreement against them. The Collateral Administrator may consult with counsel and shall be protected in
and shall have no liability as a result of any action reasonably taken in good faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel. 

- 144 - 

(b) The
Collateral Administrator may rely conclusively on any notice, certificate or other document (including, without limitation, facsimile,
email or other electronically transmitted instructions, documents or information) furnished to it hereunder and reasonably believed
by it in good faith to be genuine. The Collateral Administrator shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or
matters stated in any certificate, report or other document; provided , however , that, if the form
thereof is prescribed by this Agreement, the Collateral Administrator shall examine the same to determine whether it conforms
on its face to the requirements hereof. The Collateral Administrator shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of any matter
unless actually known to a Responsible Officer working in its Global Corporate Trust/Collateralized Debt Obligations Unit (or
any successor group of the Collateral Administrator). Under no circumstances shall the Collateral Administrator be liable for
indirect, punitive, special or consequential damages under or pursuant to this Agreement, its duties or obligations hereunder
or arising out of or relating to the subject matter hereof. In no event shall the Collateral Administrator be liable for any failure
or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder because of circumstances beyond its control, including, but not limited
to, acts of god, flood, war (whether declared or undeclared), terrorism, fire, riot, embargo, government action (including any
laws, ordinances, regulations) or the like that delay, restrict or prohibit the providing of services by the Collateral Administrator
as completed by this Agreement. It is expressly acknowledged by the Borrower and the Collateral Manager that application and performance
by the Collateral Administrator of its various duties hereunder (including recalculations to be performed in respect of the matters
contemplated hereby) shall be based upon, and in reliance upon, data and information provided to it by the Collateral Manager
(and/or the Borrower) with respect to the Collateral, and the Collateral Administrator shall have no responsibility for the accuracy
or completeness of any such information or data provided to it by such persons. Nothing herein shall impose or imply any duty
or obligation on the part of the Collateral Administrator to verify, investigate or audit any such information or data, or to
determine or monitor on an independent basis whether any obligor under the Collateral is in default or in compliance with the
underlying documents governing or securing such securities, from time to time, the role of the Collateral Administrator hereunder
being solely to perform certain mathematical computations and data comparisons and to provide certain reports and other deliveries,
as provided herein. 

(c) The
Borrower shall, and hereby agrees to, reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless the Collateral Administrator and its affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, agents and employees for and from any and all losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges,
costs, expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and other experts) and claims of any nature in respect
of, or arising from any acts or omissions performed or omitted by the Collateral Administrator, its affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, agents or employees pursuant to or in connection with the terms of this Agreement, or in the performance or observance
of its duties or obligations under this Agreement; provided the same are in good faith and without willful misfeasance,
fraud and/or gross negligence on the part of the Collateral Administrator or without reckless disregard of its duties hereunder.
The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 15.03(c) shall survive the termination of this Agreement and any earlier
resignation or removal of the Collateral Administrator. 

(d) Nothing
herein shall obligate the Collateral Administrator to determine independently the correct characterization or categorization of
any item of Collateral, or to evaluate or verify the Collateral Manager s characterization of any item of Collateral including
whether any item of Collateral is a Defaulted Loan, Ineligible Loan or Equity Security, any such determination being based exclusively
upon notification the Collateral Administrator receives from the Collateral Manager and nothing herein shall obligate the Collateral
Administrator to review or examine any underlying instrument or contract evidencing, governing or guaranteeing or securing any
Collateral Loan in order to verify, confirm, audit or otherwise determine any characteristic thereof. 

- 145 - 

(e) Without
limiting the generality of any terms of this Section 15.03 , the Collateral Administrator shall have no liability for any
failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of the Collateral Manager or Borrower (or Collateral Agent, if not the same Person
as the Collateral Administrator) to provide accurate and complete information on a timely basis to the Collateral Administrator,
or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with the terms of this Agreement or this Agreement and shall have no liability
for any inaccuracy or error in the performance or observance on the Collateral Administrator s part of any of its duties
hereunder that is caused by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other failure
on the part of any such other party to comply with the terms hereof. Each of the protections, reliances, indemnities and immunities
offered to the Collateral Agent in Article XII shall be afforded to the Collateral Administrator. 

Section
15.04. Termination of Collateral Administrator . (a) At the option of the Borrower (with the prior written consent
or at the direction of the Administrative Agent prior to the payment in full of the Obligations), the Collateral Administrator
may be terminated upon ten days written notice of termination from the Borrower to the Collateral Administrator and the
Administrative Agent if any of the following events shall occur: 

(i) The Collateral Administrator shall, in violation of its duty of care hereunder, default in the performance
of any of its material duties under this Agreement and shall not cure such default within thirty days (or, if such default
cannot be cured in such time, the Collateral Administrator shall not have given within thirty days such assurance of cure as
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and cured such default within the time so
assured); or 

(ii) an
Insolvency Event relating to the Collateral Administrator occurs. 

If
an event specified in clause (ii) shall occur, the Collateral Administrator shall give written notice thereof to the Collateral
Manager, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower within one Business Day after the occurrence of such event. 

(b) Except
when the Collateral Administrator shall be removed pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 15.04 or shall resign pursuant
to subsection (c) of this Section 15.04 , no removal or resignation of the Collateral Administrator shall be effective until
the date as of which a successor collateral administrator reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and
the Collateral Manager shall have agreed in writing to assume all of the Collateral Administrator s duties and obligations
pursuant to this Agreement and shall have executed and delivered an agreement in form and content reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Agent. Upon any resignation or removal of the Collateral
Administrator hereunder, the Borrower shall promptly, and in any case within thirty (30) days after the related notice of resignation
or removal, appoint a qualified successor to act as collateral administrator hereunder and cause such successor collateral administrator
to execute and deliver an agreement accepting such appointment as described in the preceding sentence. If the Borrower fails to
appoint such a qualified successor which duly accepts its appointment by properly executing and delivering such an agreement within
such time, the retiring Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment
of a successor to serve as collateral administrator hereunder and shall be indemnified pursuant to Section 15.03(c) for
the reasonable costs and expenses thereof. 

- 146 - 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral Administrator may resign its duties hereunder without any
requirement that a successor collateral administrator be obligated hereunder and without any liability for further
performance of any duties hereunder (i) immediately upon the termination (whether by resignation or removal) of U.S.
Bank as Collateral Agent under this Agreement, or (ii) upon thirty days notice to the Collateral Manager and the
Administrative Agent upon any reasonable determination by U.S. Bank that the taking of any action, or performance of any
duty, on its part as Collateral Administrator pursuant to the terms of this Agreement would be in conflict with or in
violation of its duties or obligations as Collateral Agent under this Agreement or (iii) upon at least sixty days 
prior written notice of termination to the Collateral Manager, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower upon the occurrence
of any of the following events and the failure to cure such event within such sixty day notice period: (i) failure of the
Borrower to pay any of the amounts specified in Section 15.02 hereof within sixty days after such amount is due
pursuant to Section 15.02 hereof (to the extent not already paid to Collateral Administrator pursuant to Section
9.01 or (ii) failure of the Borrower to provide any indemnity payment to Collateral Administrator pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement, as the case may be, within sixty days of the receipt by the Borrower of the written request for such
payment or reimbursement (to the extent not already paid Collateral Administrator pursuant to Section
9.01 ). 

(d) Any
corporation into which the Collateral Administrator may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation
resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Collateral Administrator shall be a party, or any corporation
succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Collateral Administrator, shall be the successor
of the Collateral Administrator hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of
the parties hereto. 

Section
15.05. Representations and Warranties of the Collateral Administrator . The Collateral Administrator hereby represents and
warrants to the Collateral Manager and the Borrower as follows: 

(i) The
Collateral Administrator is a national banking association duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the United States of America and has full corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and
all obligations required hereunder and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize this Agreement on the terms and conditions
hereof, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all obligations required hereunder. No consent of any other
person including, without limitation, stockholders or other equity holder and creditors of the Collateral Administrator, and no
license, permit, approval or authorization of, exemption by, notice or report to, or registration, filing or declaration with,
any governmental authority, except those that have been obtained, is required by the Collateral Administrator in connection with
this Agreement or the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement and the obligations imposed
upon it hereunder. When executed and delivered by the Collateral Administrator and the other parties hereto, this Agreement will
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Collateral Administrator enforceable against the Collateral Administrator
in accordance with its terms subject, as to enforcement, (a) to the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting
generally the enforcement of creditors rights as such laws would apply in the event of any bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency
or similar event applicable to the Collateral Administrator and (b) to general equitable principles (whether enforceability
of such principles is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

- 147 - 

(ii) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the documents and instruments required
hereunder will not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation binding on the Collateral Administrator, or any
order, judgment, award or decree of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority binding on the Collateral Administrator,
or the articles of association or by-laws, as amended, of the Collateral Administrator or of any mortgage, indenture, lease,
contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking to which the Collateral Administrator is a party or by which the
Collateral Administrator or any of its assets may be bound, the violation of which would have a material adverse effect on
the business, operations, assets or financial condition of the Collateral Administrator and will not result in, or require,
the creation or imposition of any lien on any of its property, assets or revenues pursuant to the provisions of any such
mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking the creation or imposition of which would
have a material adverse effect on the business operations, assets or financial condition of the Collateral
Administrator. 

Section
15.06. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors and assigns
of the Collateral Administrator; provided , however , that the Collateral Administrator may not assign its
rights and obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Collateral Manager, the Administrative Agent, the Required
Lenders and the Borrower, except that U.S. Bank as Collateral Administrator may delegate to, employ as agent, or otherwise cause
any duty or obligation hereunder to be performed by, any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of U.S. Bank National Association
or its successors without the prior written consent of the Collateral Manager, the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders
and the Borrower provided that in such event U.S. Bank as Collateral Administrator shall remain responsible for the performance
of its duties as Collateral Administrator hereunder). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral Administrator consents to
the pledge of its rights under this Agreement by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent, as provided in the granting language set
forth in Section 7.01 of this Agreement. 

Section
15.07. Joint Venture . Nothing contained in this Agreement (i) shall constitute the Borrower, the Collateral Administrator,
the Lenders, the Agents and the Collateral Manager as members of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated
business or other separate entity, (ii) shall be construed to impose any liability as such on any of them or (iii) shall
be deemed to confer on any of them any express, implied or apparent authority to incur any obligation or liability on behalf of
the others. 

- 148 - 

Article
XVI 
 
Miscellaneous 

Section
16.01. No Waiver; Modifications in Writing . (a) No failure or delay on the part of any Secured Party exercising any
right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right,
power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. Any waiver
of any provision of this Agreement, and any consent to any departure by any party to this Agreement from the terms of any provision
of this Agreement, shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. No notice to
or demand on the Borrower in any case shall entitle the Borrower to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other
circumstances. 

(b) No
amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of this Agreement shall be effective unless signed by the Borrower, the Collateral
Manager, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, provided that: 

(i) any
Fundamental Amendment shall also require the written consent of all Lenders; and 

(ii) no
such amendment (including, without limitation, any Conforming Changes), modification, supplement or waiver shall amend, modify
or otherwise affect the rights or duties of any Agent, the Document Custodian or the Collateral Administrator hereunder without
the prior written consent of such Agent, Document Custodian or Collateral Administrator, as the case may be. 

Section
16.02. Notices, Etc . Except where telephonic instructions are authorized herein to be given, all notices, demands, instructions
and other communications required or permitted to be given to or made upon any party hereto shall be in writing and shall be personally
delivered or sent by registered, certified or express mail, postage prepaid, or by facsimile transmission, or by prepaid courier
service, or by electronic mail (if the recipient has provided an email address in Schedule 5 , and shall be deemed
to be given for purposes of this Agreement on the day that such writing is received by the intended recipient thereof in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 16.02 . Unless otherwise specified in a notice sent or delivered in accordance with
the foregoing provisions of this Section 16.02 , notices, demands, instructions and other communications in writing shall
be given to or made upon the respective parties hereto at their respective addresses (or to their respective facsimile numbers
or email addresses) indicated in Schedule 5 , and, in the case of telephonic instructions or notices, by calling the telephone
number or numbers indicated for such party in Schedule 5 . 

- 149 - 

Section
16.03. Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of an obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement shall
be made, in accordance with this Agreement, free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies,
imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities (including penalties, interest and expenses) with respect thereto,
excluding: (A) any taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) taxes, capital taxes, or similar taxes in
lieu thereof, branch profits taxes and franchise taxes, in each case imposed (i) in the case of any Secured Party, by the
jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such Secured Party is organized or in which its principal
office is located, or in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, or (ii) in the case of
any Secured Party or any Lender, by any jurisdiction by reason of such Secured Party or such Lender having any other present or
former connection with such jurisdiction (other than a connection arising solely from entering into, receiving any payment under
or enforcing its rights under this Agreement or any other Facility Document); (B) any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed under
FATCA; and (C) any interest, penalties and additions to tax attributable to any of the foregoing (all such non-excluded taxes,
levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities being hereinafter referred to as Taxes ).
If the Borrower shall be required by law (or by the interpretation or administration thereof) to deduct any Taxes from or in respect
of any sum payable by it hereunder or under any other Facility Document to any Secured Party, (i) the sum payable by the
Borrower shall be increased as may be necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable
to additional sums payable under this Section 16.03 such Secured Party receives an amount equal to the sum it would have
received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions, and (iii) the Borrower shall timely
pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law. The obligation of the Borrower
to make any additional payments in respect of any deduction or withholding of Taxes as set forth in this Section 16.03 
shall be subject to the Secured Party s compliance with the conditions in Section 16.03(g) , (h) , or (j) . 

(b) 
In addition, the Borrower agrees (and, to the extent the funds available for by the Borrower therefor on any Payment Date are
insufficient to pay such amounts in full, the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Borrower, will shall pay such amounts), to
timely pay any present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies
which arise from any payment made by the Borrower hereunder or under any other Facility Document or from the execution,
delivery or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or under any other Facility Document, except any
such taxes that are imposed with respect to an assignment other than an assignment to comply with Section 16.03(h) 
(hereinafter referred to as Other Taxes ). 

(c)
 The Borrower agrees to indemnify each of the Secured Parties for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including
any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 16.03 paid by
any Secured Party in respect of the Borrower, whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed
or asserted. Payments by Borrower or the Collateral Manager pursuant to this indemnification shall be made promptly
following the date the Secured Party makes written demand therefor, which demand shall be accompanied by a certificate
describing in reasonable detail the basis thereof. Such certificate shall be presumed to be correct absent manifest
error. 

- 150 - 

(d) The
Borrower shall not be required to indemnify any Secured Party, or pay any additional amounts to any Secured Party, in respect
of United States federal withholding tax or United States federal backup withholding tax to the extent that (i) the obligation
to withhold amounts with respect to United States federal withholding or backup withholding tax imposed pursuant to a law in effect
on the date such Lender became a party to this Agreement (or acquired its interest herein) or, with respect to payments to a new
lending office designated by a Lender (a New Lending Office ), the date such Lender designated such New Lending
Office with respect to the Term Loan; provided that this clause (i) shall not apply to the extent the indemnity
payment or additional amounts any Secured Party would be entitled to receive (without regard to this clause (i) do not
exceed the indemnity payment or additional amounts that the transferor Lender immediately before the Secured Party became a party
hereto or the Lender making the designation of such New Lending Office immediately before changing its lending office, if any,
would have been entitled to receive in the absence of such transfer or designation, or (ii) the obligation to pay such additional
amounts would not have arisen but for a failure by such Secured Party to comply with paragraphs (g) , (j) , or (h)
 below. 

(e) Promptly
after the date of any payment of Taxes or Other Taxes, the Borrower will furnish to each Agent the original or a certified copy
of a receipt issued by the relevant Governmental Authority evidencing payment thereof (or other evidence of payment as may be
reasonably satisfactory to such Agent). 

(f) If
any payment is made by the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) to or for the account of any Secured Party after
deduction for or on account of any Taxes or Other Taxes, and an indemnity payment or additional amounts are paid by the Borrower
pursuant to this Section 16.03 , then, if such Secured Party in its sole discretion determines that it is entitled to a
refund of such Taxes or Other Taxes, such Secured Party shall, to the extent that it can do so without prejudice to the retention
of the amount of such refund, apply for such refund and reimburse to the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager, as applicable) such
amount of any refund received (net of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred, including taxes) as such Secured Party shall
determine in its sole discretion to be attributable to the relevant Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that in the event
that such Secured Party is required to repay such refund to the relevant taxing authority, the Borrower agrees to return the refund
to such Secured Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 16.03(f) , in no event will the indemnified
party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 16.03(f) the payment of which would
place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax
giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional
amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. 

- 151 - 

(g) Each
Secured Party and each Participant that is a U.S. person as that term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (a U.S.
Person hereby agrees that it shall, no later than the Funding Effective Date or, in the case of a Secured Party or
a Participant which becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 16.06 , the date upon which such Secured Party becomes a
party hereto or participant herein, deliver to the Borrower and each Agent, if applicable, two accurate, complete and signed copies
of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or successor form, certifying that such Secured Party or Participant is on the date
of delivery thereof entitled to an exemption from United States backup withholding tax. Each Secured Party or Participant that
is not a U.S. Person (a Non-U.S. Lender shall, no later than the date on which such Secured Party becomes
a party hereto or a participant herein pursuant to Section 16.06 , deliver to the Borrower and each Agent two properly completed
and duly executed copies of either U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI or W-8IMY or any subsequent versions
thereof or successors thereto, in each case claiming complete exemption from, or reduced rate of, U.S. federal withholding tax
with respect to payments of interest hereunder. In addition, in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming exemption from U.S. federal
withholding tax under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code, such Non-U.S. Lender provides the appropriate certification pursuant
to Exhibit I that such Non-U.S. Lender is not a bank for purposes of Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, is not
a 10-percent shareholder (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code) of the Borrower and is
not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower (within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Code), and such
Non-U.S. Lender agrees that it shall notify the Borrower and each Agent in the event such certification is no longer accurate.
Such forms shall be delivered by each Non-U.S. Lender on or before the date it becomes a party to this Agreement or participant
herein and on or before the date, if any, such Non-U.S. Lender designates a New Lending Office. In addition, each Non-U.S. Lender
shall deliver such forms as promptly as practicable after receipt of a written request therefor from the Borrower or an Agent.
Any Non-U.S. Lender shall also, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and each Agent (in such
number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a Lender
under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or its Agent), executed originals
of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding
Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower
or each Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. Each Secured Party agrees that if any form or certification
it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or
promptly notify the Borrower in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(h) If
any Secured Party requires the Borrower to pay any additional amount to such Secured Party or any taxing Governmental Authority
for the account of such Secured Party or to indemnify such Secured Party pursuant to this Section 16.03 , then such Secured
Party shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Term Loan hereunder or to
assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if such Lender determines, in its
sole discretion, that such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to this Section
16.03 in the future and (ii) would not subject such Secured Party to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise
be disadvantageous to such Secured Party. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any
Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(i) Nothing
in this Section 16.03 shall be construed to require any Secured Party to make available its tax returns (or any other information
relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 

- 152 - 

(j) Compliance with FATCA. Each Secured Party shall deliver to the Borrower and each Agent, as
applicable, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or an Agent
such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or FATCA (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code)
and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or an Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and
each Agent, as applicable, to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Secured Party has complied
with such Secured Party s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from any payment.
Solely for purposes of this Section 16.03(j) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the
date of this Agreement. Each Secured Party agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or
becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower in
writing of its legal inability to do so. 

Section
16.04. Costs and Expenses; Indemnification . (a) The Borrower agrees to promptly pay all reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Agents, the Document Custodian, the Collateral Administrator and the other Lenders in
connection with the preparation, review, negotiation, reproduction, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Facility
Documents, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of outside counsel for each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Document Custodian and the other Lenders, UCC filing fees and all other related fees
and expenses in connection therewith; and in connection with any modification or amendment of this Agreement or any other Facility
Document; provided that the legal fees, charges and expenses of outside counsel to the Administrative Agent incurred
prior to the Closing Date with respect to the foregoing shall not, in the aggregate, exceed 200,000. Further, the Borrower shall
pay on demand (A) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, expenses and
disbursements of outside legal counsel, auditors, accountants, consultants or appraisers or other professional advisors and agents
engaged by the Agents and the Lenders) incurred by the Agents, the Document Custodian, the Collateral Administrator and the Lenders
in the preparation, execution, delivery, filing, recordation, administration, performance or enforcement of this Agreement or
any other Facility Document or any consent, amendment, waiver or other modification relating thereto, (B) all reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket costs and expenses of creating, perfecting, releasing or enforcing the Collateral Agent s security interests in
the Collateral, including filing and recording fees, expenses and taxes, stamp or documentary taxes, search fees, and title insurance
premiums, and (C) after the occurrence of any Event of Default, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses
incurred by the Agents, the Document Custodian, the Collateral Administrator and the Lenders in connection with the preservation,
collection, foreclosure or enforcement of the Collateral subject to the Facility Documents or any interest, right, power or remedy
of the Agents and the Lenders or in connection with the collection or enforcement of any of the Obligations or the proof, protection,
administration or resolution of any claim based upon the Obligations in any insolvency proceeding, including all reasonable fees
and disbursements of outside attorneys, accountants, auditors, consultants, appraisers and other professionals engaged by the
Agents and the Lenders; provided that in each case, there shall be a single primary counsel to (i) the Collateral
Agent, the Document Custodian and the Collateral Administrator and (ii) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and a single
local counsel to (i) the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian and the Collateral Administrator and (ii) the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders in each relevant jurisdiction (unless there is an actual or perceived conflict of interest or the availability
of different claims or defenses among the Agents and the Lenders, in which case each such similarly conflicted group of Persons
may retain its own counsel). The undertaking in this Section shall survive repayment of the Obligations, any foreclosure under,
or modification, release or discharge of, any or all of the Related Documents, termination of this Agreement and the resignation
or replacement of the Collateral Agent. Without prejudice to its rights hereunder, the expenses and the compensation for the services
of the Collateral Agent are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any applicable bankruptcy law. 

- 153 - 

(b) The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Secured Party and each of their Affiliates and the
respective officers, directors, employees, agents, managers of, and any Person controlling any of, the foregoing (each, an
 Indemnified Party from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, obligations,
expenses, penalties, actions, suits, judgments and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever, (including the reasonable
and documented fees and disbursements of counsel) that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified
Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance,
administration of or otherwise arising out of or incurred in connection with this Agreement, any other Facility Document, any
Related Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby (and regardless of whether or not any such transactions
are consummated) (collectively, the Liabilities ), including any such Liability that is incurred or
arises out of or in connection with, or by reason of any one or more of the following: (i) preparation for a defense of
any investigation, litigation or proceeding arising out of, related to or in connection with this Agreement, any other
Facility Document, any Related Document or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; (ii) any breach of
any covenant by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager contained in any Facility Document; (iii) any representation or
warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager contained in any Facility Document or in any
certificate, statement or report delivered in connection therewith is false or misleading; (iv) any failure by
the Borrower or the Collateral Manager to comply with any Applicable Law or contractual obligation binding upon it;
(v) any failure to vest, or delay in vesting, in the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) a
perfected security interest in all of the Collateral free and clear of all Liens; (vi) any action or omission, not
expressly authorized by the Facility Documents, by the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower which has the effect of
reducing or impairing the Collateral or the rights of the Agents or the Secured Parties with respect thereto; (vii) the
failure to file, or any delay in filing, financing statements, continuation statements or other similar instruments or
documents under the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction or other Applicable Law with respect to any Collateral, whether at the
time of the Term Loan or at any subsequent time; (viii) any dispute, claim, offset or defense (other than the discharge
in bankruptcy of an Obligor) of an Obligor to the payment with respect to any Collateral (including, without limitation, a
defense based on any Collateral Loan (or the Related Documents evidencing such Collateral Loan) not being a legal, valid and
binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms), or any other claim resulting from
any related property; (ix) the commingling of Collections on the Collateral at any time with other funds; (x) any
failure by the Borrower to give reasonably equivalent value to the applicable seller, in consideration for the transfer by
such seller to the Borrower of any item of Collateral or any attempt by any Person to void or otherwise avoid any such
transfer under any statutory provision or common law or equitable action, including, without limitation, any provision of the
Bankruptcy Code; (xi) the failure of the Borrower, the Collateral Manager or any of their respective agents or
representatives to remit to the Collection Account, within one Business Day of receipt, Collections on the
Collateral Loans remitted to the Borrower, the Collateral Manager or any such agent or representative as provided in this
Agreement; and (xii) any Default or Event of Default; provided , that (x) the Borrower shall not be liable
(A) for any Liability or losses arising due to the deterioration in the credit quality or market value of the Collateral
Loans or other Collateral hereunder to the extent that such credit quality or market value was not misrepresented in any
material respect by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or (B) to the extent any such Liability is found in a final,
non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Party s
fraud, bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct; (C) to the extent any such Liability arises out of a claim or
counterclaim brought by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates against an Indemnified Party for a material breach of such
Indemnified Party s obligations under this Agreement or any other Facility Document (which, in the case of any material
breach with respect to the Indemnified Parties) arises as a result of its gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad
faith), if the Borrower or such other Affiliate has obtained a final and non-appealable judgment in its favor on such claim
or counterclaim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (D) to the extent any such Liability arises from
disputes solely between or among the Indemnified Parties not relating to or in connection with acts or omissions by the
Borrower or any of its Affiliates and, with respect to the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator or Document
Custodian, such disputes do not relate to this Agreement or other Facility Documents (it being understood that in the event
of such dispute relating to or in connection with acts or omissions by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries or any of
their respective Affiliates involving a claim or proceeding brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its
Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, partners, representatives, advisors and agents and each of their respective
heirs, successors and assigns (each, a Related Party and, in each case, acting in its capacity as such)
by the other Indemnified Parties, the Administrative Agent or such Related Party, as applicable, shall be entitled (subject
to the other limitations and exceptions set forth in this proviso) to the benefit of such indemnification) and (y) no
Indemnified Party seeking indemnification hereunder shall, without the prior written consent of the Borrower (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld), effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which such
Indemnified Party is a party and indemnity has been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party; provided , however 
that in no event will such Indemnified Party have any liability for any special, exemplary, indirect, punitive or
consequential damages in connection with or as a result of such Indemnified Party s activities related to this
Agreement or any Facility Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referred to herein or
therein; provided , further , this Section 16.04(b) shall not apply with respect to taxes,
levies, imposts, deductions, charges and withholdings, and all liabilities (including penalties, interest and expenses) with
respect thereto, or additional sums described in Sections 2.09 , 2.10 or 16.03 , other than any
taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges and withholdings that represent Liabilities arising from a claim under any
Section of this Agreement other than Sections 2.09, 2.10 or 16.03 . 

- 154 - 

Section
16.05. Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties
hereto on separate counterparts, each of which counterparts, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original
and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. Counterparts may be executed and
delivered via facsimile, electronic mail or other transmission method and may be executed by electronic signature (including,
without limitation, any .pdf file, .jpeg file, or any other electronic or image file, or any electronic signature 
as defined under E-SIGN or ESRA, which includes any electronic signature provided using Orbit, Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or any other
similar platform identified by the Borrower and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Administrator or the Document Custodian and acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion together
with any requested certificate of completion or other evidence of authentication) and any counterpart so delivered shall be valid,
effective and legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures and shall be deemed to have been duly
and validly delivered for all purposes hereunder. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile, electronic
mail or other transmission method shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 

- 155 - 

Section
16.06. Assignability . (a) Each Lender may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower
(in each case not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), assign to an assignee all or a portion of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its outstanding Term Loan or interests therein owned by it, together with
ratable portions of its Commitment); provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment
unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received
notice thereof; provided further that: 

(i) the
Borrower s consent to any such assignment shall not be required if the assignee is a Permitted Assignee with respect
to such assignor; 

(ii) the
Borrower s consent to any such assignment pursuant to this Section 16.06(a) shall not be required if an Event of
Default shall have occurred and is continuing (and not been waived by the Lenders in accordance with Section 16.01 ); 

(iii) no
assignment shall be made to a natural person; and 

(iv) no
assignment shall be made to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or subsidiaries. 

The
parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and
the Borrower) an Assignment and Acceptance and the applicable tax forms required by Section 16.03(g) and (j) . Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Section 16.06 , any Lender may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any
portion of its rights (including rights to payment of principal and interest) under this Agreement to secure obligations of such
Lender, including any pledge or security interest granted to a Federal Reserve Bank, without notice to or consent of the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent; provided that no such pledge or grant of a security interest shall release such Lender
from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or grantee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

- 156 - 

(b) The
Borrower may not assign its rights or obligations hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Agents
and the Lenders. 

(c) (i) Any
Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement; provided that (A) such
Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to
the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (C) such Borrower, the Agents and the other Lenders shall
continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this
Agreement, (D) each Participant shall have agreed to be bound by this Section 16.06(c) and Sections 16.09
 and 16.20 and (E) each Participant shall have a short term rating of at least A-2/P2 by S P and Moody s,
respectively. Any agreement pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain
the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;
 provided that such agreement may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree
to any Fundamental Amendment. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use
reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 16.06(f) with respect to any
Participant. Sections 2.09 , 2.10 , and 16.03 shall apply to each Participant as if it were a Lender and
had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section; provided that no Participant
shall be entitled to any amount under Section 2.09 , 2.10 , or 16.03 which is greater than the amount
the related Lender would have been entitled to under any such Sections or provisions if the applicable participation had not occurred. 

(ii) In the event that any Lender sells participations in any portion of its rights and obligations
hereunder, such Lender as nonfiduciary agent for the Borrower shall maintain a register on which it enters the name of all
participants in the Term Loan held by it and the principal amount (and stated interest thereon) of the portion of the Term
Loan which is the subject of the participation (the Participant Register ); provided that
no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the
identity of any participant or any information relating to a participant s interest in any Loans or its other
obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment,
Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The Term
Loan may be participated in whole or in part only by registration of such participation on the Participant Register. Any
participation of the Term Loan may be effected only by the registration of such participation on the Participant Register.
The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person
whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement
notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as
Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(d) The
Administrative Agent, on behalf of and acting solely for this purpose as the nonfiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain
at its address specified in Section 16.02 or such other address as the Administrative Agent shall designate in writing
to the Lenders, a copy of this Agreement and each signature page hereto and each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted
by it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the outstanding Term Loan maintained by each Lender under this Agreement (and any stated
interest thereon). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the
Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all
purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender at any reasonable time
and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. The Term Loan may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration
of such assignment or sale on the Register and in accordance with this Section 16.06 . 

- 157 - 

(e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any other Facility Document, each Lender hereunder, and each Participant, must
at all times be a qualified purchaser as defined in the Investment Company Act (a Qualified Purchaser and a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (a QIB ).
Each Lender represents to the Borrower, (i) on the date that it becomes a party to this Agreement (whether by being a signatory
hereto or by entering into an Assignment and Acceptance) and (ii) on the date on which it makes the Term Loan hereunder, that
it is a Qualified Purchaser and a QIB. Each Lender further agrees that it shall not assign, or grant any participations in, any
of its Term Loan to any Person unless such Person is a Qualified Purchaser and a QIB. 

(f)
 Replacement of Lenders. If a Lender (i) is a Non-Consenting Lender, or (ii) requests payment of
amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.09 or 16.03 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to
designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 2.09(c) or Section 16.03(h) , respectively,
then, in addition to any other rights and remedies that any Person may have, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and
effort, by notice to the applicable Lender within 180 days after such event (with a copy of such notice concurrently
delivered to the Administrative Agent), require such Lender to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to
the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 16.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its
existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.09 or Section 16.03 and obligations under the Facility
Documents to one or more Eligible Assignees specified by the Borrower within 20 days after the Borrower s notice, provided,
however, that (A) such assignment does not conflict with Applicable Law, (B) in the case of any such assignment resulting
from a claim for compensation under Section 2.09 or 16.03 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such
compensation or payments thereafter, and (C) in the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting
Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. A Lender shall not be
required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise,
the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. The Administrative Agent
is irrevocably appointed as attorney-in-fact to execute any such assignment if any member of the affected Lender fails
to execute same. The affected Lender shall be entitled to receive, in cash, concurrently with such assignment, all amounts
owed to it under the Facility Documents, including all principal, interest and fees through the date of assignment (including
any amounts under Section 2.10 as if the Term Loan owing to it were prepaid rather than assigned). 

- 158 - 

Section 16.07. Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON,
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENT, AS
EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, except the conflict of law
PRINCIPLES thereof which would have the effect of applying the law of any other jurisdiction . 

Section
16.08. Severability of Provisions . Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the
remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section
16.09. Confidentiality . (a) Each Secured Party agrees to keep confidential all non-public information provided to
it by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager with respect to the Borrower, its Affiliates, the Collateral or any other information
furnished to any Secured Party pursuant to this Agreement or any other Facility Document (collectively, the Borrower
Information ); provided that nothing herein shall prevent any Secured Party from disclosing any Borrower
Information (a) in connection with this Agreement and the other Facility Documents and not for any other purpose, (x) to
any Secured Party or any Affiliate of a Secured Party, or (y) any of their respective Affiliates, employees, directors, agents,
attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors (collectively, the Secured Party Representatives ),
it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Borrower
Information, (b) subject to an agreement to comply with the provisions of this Section (or other provisions at least as restrictive
as this Section), (i) to use the Borrower Information only in connection with this Agreement and the other Facility Documents
and not for any other purpose, to any actual or bone fide prospective permitted assignees and Participants in any of the Secured
Parties interests under or in connection with this Agreement and (ii) as reasonably required by any direct or indirect
contractual counterparties or professional advisors thereto, to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and
its obligations, (c) to any Governmental Authority purporting to have jurisdiction over any Secured Party or any of its Affiliates
or any Secured Party Representative, (d) in response to any order of any court or other Governmental Authority or as may otherwise
be required to be disclosed pursuant to any Applicable Law, (e) that is a matter of general public knowledge or that has heretofore
been made available to the public by any Person other than any Secured Party or any Secured Party Representative, (f) in connection
with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Facility Document, (g) with the written consent of the Borrower,
(h) that was in its possession or known by such Secured Party or any of its Affiliates without restriction prior to receipt from
the Borrower or the Collateral Manager, (i) that was rightfully disclosed to such Secured Party by a third party not known by
such Secured Party to be under any obligation of confidentiality to the Borrower or (j) that was independently developed by such
Secured Party or any of its Affiliates without any use of Borrower Information. In addition, each Secured Party may disclose the
existence of this Agreement and the Facility Amount available hereunder to market data collectors, similar service providers to
the lending industry and service providers to the Secured Parties in connection with the administration and management of this
Agreement and the other Facility Documents. 

- 159 - 

Section
16.10. Merger . This Agreement and the other Facility Documents executed by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders taken
as a whole incorporate the entire agreement between the parties thereto concerning the subject matter thereof and such Facility
Documents supersede any prior agreements among the parties relating to the subject matter thereof. 

Section
16.11. Survival . All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Facility Documents and in any certificate
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the making of the Term Loan hereunder. The agreements in Sections 2.04(f) , 2.09 , 2.10 , 2.12 ,
 16.03, 16.04, 16.09, 16.16, and 16.18 and this Section 16.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement in
whole or in part and the payment in full of the principal of and interest on the Term Loan. 

Section
16.12. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers; Service of Process; Etc. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(a) submits
for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the other Facility Documents to which
it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive general jurisdiction of
the courts of New York County in the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District
of New York, and the appellate courts of any of them (except, as to any other Facility Document, as expressly set forth therein); 

(b) consents
that any such action or proceeding may be brought in any court described in Section 16.12(a) and waives to the fullest
extent permitted by Applicable Law any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding
in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the
same; 

(c) agrees
that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified
mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such party at its address set forth in Section 16.02
 or at such other address as may be permitted thereunder; 

(d) agrees
that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process, summons, notices and documents in any other manner permitted
by applicable law; and 

(e) waives,
to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding against
any Secured Party arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Facility Document any special, exemplary, indirect,
punitive or consequential damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) (whether or not the claim therefor is based on contract,
tort or duty imposed by any applicable legal requirement). 

- 160 - 

Additionally,
if the Borrower fails at any time to maintain a business office in Chicago, Illinois or in the State of New York, it shall immediately
(but no later than five Business Days following such occurrence) (i) notify the Administrative Agent and (ii) appoint
a process agent in accordance with the procedure set forth below. The Borrower shall irrevocably designate, appoint and empower
an agent (the Process Agent ), with an office in New York, New York, as its designee, appointee
and agent to receive, accept and acknowledge for and on its behalf, and its properties, assets and revenues, service for any and
all legal process, summons, notices and documents which may be served in any action, suit or proceeding brought in the courts
listed above in connection with or arising out of this Agreement or any other Facility Document. If for any reason the Process
Agent shall cease to act as such and the Borrower does not at such time have a business office within the State of New York,
the Borrower agrees to promptly designate new designees, appointees and agents in New York, New York on the terms and
for the purposes reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which new designees, appointees and agents shall thereafter
be deemed to be the Process Agent for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents. The Borrower further hereby
irrevocably consents and agrees to the service of any and all legal process, summons, notices and documents out of any of the
aforesaid courts in any such action, suit or proceeding by serving a copy thereof upon the Process Agent (whether or not the appointment
of the Process Agent shall for any reason prove to be ineffective or the Process Agent shall accept or acknowledge such service)
or by mailing copies thereof by regular or overnight mail, postage prepaid, to the Process Agent at its address specified above. 

Section
16.13. Waiver of Jury Trial . Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
waives trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Facility Document or for any counterclaim
therein or relating thereto. 

Section
16.14. Judgment Currency. Each reference in this Agreement to Dollars (the relevant currency is of
the essence. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the obligation of the Borrower in respect of any amount due in the relevant
currency under this Agreement shall, notwithstanding any payment in any other currency (whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise),
be discharged only to the extent of the amount in the relevant currency that the Administrative Agent entitled to receive such
payment may, in accordance with normal banking procedures, purchase with the sum paid in such other currency (after any premium
and costs of exchange) on the Business Day immediately following the day on which such party receives such payment. If the amount
in the relevant currency so purchased for any reason falls short of the amount originally due in the relevant currency, the Borrower
shall pay such additional amounts, in the relevant currency, as may be necessary to compensate for the shortfall. Any obligations
of the Borrower not discharged by such payment shall, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, be due as a separate
and independent obligation and, until discharged as provided herein, shall continue in full force and effect. 

- 161 - 

Section
16.15. Waiver of Setoff . Each of the Borrowers and the Collateral Manager hereby waives any right of setoff it may have
or to which it may be entitled under this Agreement from time to time against any Lender or its assets. 

Section
16.16. PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Lender and each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator
and the Document Custodian hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III
of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law on October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act ), it is required to obtain,
verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and
other information that will allow the Lenders to identify the Borrower in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. The Borrower shall
provide to the extent commercially reasonable, such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by any Lender
in order to assist such Lender in maintaining compliance with the PATRIOT Act. 

Section
16.17. Legal Holidays . In the event that the date of any Payment Date, date of prepayment or Final Maturity Date shall
not be a Business Day, then notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any Facility Document, payment need not be
made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the nominal
date of any such Payment Date, date of prepayment or Final Maturity Date, as the case may be, and interest shall accrue on such
payment for the period from and after any such nominal date to but excluding such next succeeding Business Day. 

Section
16.18. Non-Petition . The Collateral Manager, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, each
Lender and the Document Custodian each hereby agrees not to institute against, or join, cooperate with or encourage any other
Person in instituting against, the Borrower any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws until at least one year and
one day, or if longer the applicable preference period then in effect plus one day, after the payment in full of the Term
Loan. The provisions of this Section 16.18 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

Section
16.19. No Fiduciary Duty . The Administrative Agent, each Lender and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes
of this paragraph, the Lenders ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Credit Parties,
their stockholders and/or their affiliates. The Borrower and the Collateral Manager (collectively, solely for purposes of this
paragraph, the Credit Parties each agree that nothing in the Facility Documents or otherwise will be deemed
to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand,
and such Credit Party, its stockholders or its affiliates, on the other. The Credit Parties acknowledge and agree that (i) the
transactions contemplated by the Facility Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are
arm s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Credit Parties, on the other, and (ii)
in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility
in favor of any Credit Party, its stockholders or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the
exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised,
is currently advising or will advise any Credit Party, its stockholders or its Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation
to any Credit Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Facility Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely
as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of any Credit Party, its management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person.
Each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that it has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate
and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto.
Each Credit Party agrees that it will not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes
a fiduciary or similar duty to such Credit Party, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. 

- 162 - 

Section 16.20. Sharing
of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment
in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Term Loan or other obligations hereunder resulting in such Lender receiving
payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Term Loan and accrued interest thereon or other such obligations greater
than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify
the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Term Loan and such
other obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such
payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on
their respective Term Loan and other amounts owing them; provided that: 

(a) if
any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations
shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 

(b) the
provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance
with the express terms of this Agreement, or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of
or sale of a participation in any of its Term Loan to any assignee or participant. 

The
Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring
a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with
respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

- 163 - 

Section
16.21. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In and EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding any other term in any Facility
Document or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among the parties hereto (each, a Party ), each
Party acknowledges and accepts that any liability of any Party to any other Party under or in connection with the Facility Documents
may be subject to Bail-In Action by the relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges and accepts to be bound by the effect of: 

(a) any
Bail-In Action in relation to any such liability, including (without limitation): 

(i) a
reduction, in full or in part, in the principal amount, or outstanding amount due (including any accrued but unpaid interest)
in respect of any such liability; 

(ii) a
conversion of all, or part of, any such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership that may be issued to, or conferred
on, it; and 

(iii) a
cancellation of any such liability; and 

(b) a
variation of any term of any Facility Document to the extent necessary to give effect to any Bail-In Action in relation to any
such liability. 

[ Signature
Pages to Follow ] 

- 164 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the
date first above written. 

MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC , as Borrower 

By: Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation , as Designated Manager 

By: 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, as Collateral Manager 

By: 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

S- 1 

KeyBank National Association , as Administrative Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

KeyBank National Association , as Lender 

By: 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

S- 2 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association , as Collateral Agent 

By: 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

U.S. Bank National Association , as Document Custodian 

By: 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association , as Collateral Administrator 

By: 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

S- 3 

Schedule 1 

Commitments and Percentages 

Lender 
 Commitment 
 Percentage 
 
 KeyBank National Association 
 100,000,000 
 100 

100,000,000 
 100 

Schedule
2 

Forms of Monthly Report 

Schedule
3 

Initial
Collateral Loans 

Issuer 
 
 Asset
 Name 
 
 Principal
 Balance Moving 

95
 Percent Buyer, LLC 
 
 Closing
 Date Term Loan 
 
 6,787,952.02 

Adept
 AG Holdings, LLC 
 
 Initial
 Term Loans 
 
 6,500,000.00 

Aperture
 Companies, LLC 
 
 Term
 Loan 
 
 7,070,783.35 

Argano,
 LLC 
 
 Initial
 Term Loans 
 
 4,267,939.02 

Argano,
 LLC 
 
 Delayed
 Draw Term Loan 
 
 3,225,294.00 

Ascent
 Midco, LLC 
 
 Term
 A Loan 
 
 1,056,802.63 

Avison
 Young (USA) Inc. 
 
 Fifth
 Amendment Incremental Term Loans 
 
 4,173,913.05 

Avison
 Young (USA) Inc. 
 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 
 
 1,929,824.54 

Born
 To Run, LLC 
 
 Initial
 Term Loans 
 
 4,221,038.59 

Brickell
 Bay Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Term
 Loan 
 
 1,339,231.25 

Calienger
 Holdings, L.L.C. 
 
 Initial
 Term Loan 
 
 5,000,000.00 

Chess.com,
 LLC 
 
 Term
 Loan 
 
 6,160,426.91 

Clydesdale
 Holdings, LLC 
 
 Term
 Loan 
 
 1,209,528.06 

EOS
 Finco S.A.R.L. 
 
 Tranche
 B-1 Term Loans 
 
 1,250,000.00 

Equine
 Network, LLC 
 
 First
 Amendment Term Loan 
 
 317,382.03 

Equine
 Network, LLC 
 
 Term
 Loan 
 
 699,934.53 

Fiasco
 Enterprises, LLC 
 
 Term
 Loan 
 
 6,982,500.00 

Fueled
 Digital Media, LLC 
 
 Closing
 Date Term Loan 
 
 6,960,000.00 

Golden
 State Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Initial
 Term Loans 
 
 4,986,817.91 

IF
 P Holdings Company, LLC 
 
 Initial
 Term Loan 
 
 7,129,521.15 

Independence
 Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Initial
 Term Loan 
 
 5,861,151.91 

InsideRE,
 LLC 
 
 Closing
 Date Term Loans 
 
 3,536,617.28 

Lifted
 Trucks Holdings, LLC 
 
 Initial
 Term Loans 
 
 4,701,949.22 

MCP
 Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 DDTL 
 
 784,061.13 

MCP
 Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 Incremental
 Term Loan 
 
 1,132,148.71 

MCP
 Shaw Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 Term
 Loan 
 
 3,708,351.49 

NQ
 PE Project Colosseum Midco Inc. 
 
 Initial
 Term Loan 
 
 6,716,000.00 

NTM
 Acquisition Corp. 
 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 
 
 4,463,273.75 

Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC 
 
 Term
 A Loan 
 
 461,762.57 

Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC 
 
 Term
 B Loan 
 
 1,067,602.72 

Quest
 Resource Management Group, LLC 
 
 Term
 C Loan 
 
 1,803,123.96 

Recycled
 Plastics Industries, LLC 
 
 Term
 Loan 
 
 2,579,523.58 

RS
 Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Initial
 Term Loans 
 
 7,453,780.80 

Simplicity
 Financial Marketing Group Holdings Inc. 
 
 Third
 Amendment Incremental Term Loan 
 
 5,008,084.80 

Spectrum
 Science Communications, LLC 
 
 Term
 A Loans 
 
 2,985,000.00 

StormTrap,
 LLC, et al 
 
 Term
 A Loan (03/2022) 
 
 2,492,522.43 

TCFIII
 Owl Buyer LLC 
 
 Term
 A Loan 
 
 2,110,519.30 

TCFIII
 Owl Buyer LLC 
 
 Term
 B Loan 
 
 5,425,998.48 

TCFIII
 Owl Buyer LLC 
 
 Term
 C Loan 
 
 2,312,735.39 

- 1 - 

Schedule
4 

Moody s
Industry Classifications 

CORP
 - Aerospace Defense 
 1 
 
 CORP
 - Automotive 
 2 
 
 CORP
 - Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 3 
 
 CORP
 - Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 4 
 
 CORP
 - Capital Equipment 
 5 
 
 CORP
 - Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 
 6 
 
 CORP
 - Construction Building 
 7 
 
 CORP
 - Consumer goods: Durable 
 8 
 
 CORP
 - Consumer goods: Non-durable 
 9 
 
 CORP
 - Containers, Packaging Glass 
 10 
 
 CORP
 - Energy: Electricity 
 11 
 
 CORP
 - Energy: Oil Gas 
 12 
 
 CORP
 - Environmental Industries 
 13 
 
 CORP
 - Forest Products Paper 
 14 
 
 CORP
 - Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 15 
 
 CORP
 - High Tech Industries 
 16 
 
 CORP
 - Hotel, Gaming Leisure 
 17 
 
 CORP
 - Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 18 
 
 CORP
 - Media: Broadcasting Subscription 
 19 
 
 CORP
 - Media: Diversified Production 
 20 
 
 CORP
 - Metals Mining 
 21 
 
 CORP
 - Retail 
 22 
 
 CORP
 - Services: Business 
 23 
 
 CORP
 - Services: Consumer 
 24 
 
 CORP
 - Sovereign Public Finance 
 25 
 
 CORP
 - Telecommunications 
 26 
 
 CORP
 - Transportation: Cargo 
 27 
 
 CORP
 - Transportation: Consumer 
 28 
 
 CORP
 - Utilities: Electric 
 29 
 
 CORP
 - Utilities: Oil Gas 
 30 
 
 CORP
 - Utilities: Water 
 31 
 
 CORP
 - Wholesale 
 32 

Schedule
5 

Notice
Information 

If
 to the Administrative Agent: 
 KeyBank
 National Association 
 1000 South McCaslin Boulevard 
 Superior, Colorado 80027 
 Attn: Richard Andersen 
 Telephone No: (720) 304-1247 
 Facsimile No.: (216) 370-9166 
 E-mail: LAS.OPERATIONS.KEF@key.com 

If
 to KeyBank National Association: 
 KeyBank
 National Association 
 1000 South McCaslin Boulevard 
 Superior, Colorado 80027 
 Attn: Richard Andersen 
 Telephone No: (720) 304-1247 
 Facsimile No.: (216) 370-9166 
 E-mail: richard_s_andersen@key.com 

If
 to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator: 
 U.S.
 Bank National Association 
 Global Corporate Trust CDO Unit 
 One Federal Street, Third Floor 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 Attn: Lynne Caulfield 
 Ref: MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 
 Telephone No: (617) 603-6641 
 Facsimile No.: (855) 791-2099 
 E-mail: lynora.caulfield@usbank.com 

If
 to the Document Custodian, including for delivery of Related Documents: 
 U.S.
 Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 AVP/Private Certifications Manager 
 Document Custody Services 
 U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust 
 1719 Otis Way 
 Florence, SC 29501 
 Ref: MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 
 Attn: Steve Garrett 
 E-mail: steven.garrett@usbank.com 
 Telephone No: (843) 673-0162 
 Facsimile No.: (843) 676-8901 

If
 to the Intermediary: 
 U.S.
 Bank National Association 
 Global Corporate Trust CDO Unit 
 One Federal Street, Third Floor 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 Attn: Lynne Caulfield 
 Ref: MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 
 Telephone No: (617) 603-6641 
 Facsimile No.: (855) 791-2099 
 E-mail: lynora.caulfield@usbank.com 

If
 to the Borrower: 
 MC
 Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 
 c/o Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation 
 126 East 56th Street 
 32nd Floor 
 New York, New York 10022 
 Attn: Dina Kook 
 Telephone No: (646) 386-2420 
 Facsimile No.: (312) 258-8350 
 E-mail: dkook@monroecap.com 

If
 to the Collateral Manager: 
 Monroe
 Capital Income Plus Corporation 
 126 East 56th Street 
 32nd Floor 
 New York, New York 10022 
 Attn: Dina Kook 
 Telephone No: (646) 386-2420 
 Facsimile No.: (312) 258-8350 
 E-mail: dkook@monroecap.com 

Schedule
6 

Covered
Account Details 

Collection
 Account 
 
 225888-300 
 
 Interest
 Collection Subaccount 
 
 225888-201 
 
 Principal
 Collection Subaccount 
 
 225888-202 
 
 Payment
 Account 
 
 225888-200 
 
 Custodial
 Account 
 
 225888-703 

Schedule
7 

Risk
Factor Rating 

Bond
 Default Rating (1) 
 Risk 
 Factor Rating 
 One
 Year Expected Default 
Frequency 
 Five
 Year Expected Default 
Frequency 
 
 Aaa 
 1 

Aa1 
 10 

Aa2 
 20 

Aa3 
 40 

A1 
 70 

A2 
 120 

A3 
 180 

Baa1 
 260 

Baa2 
 360 

Baa3 
 610 

Ba1 
 940 

Ba2 
 1350 

Ba3 
 1766 

B1 
 2220 

B2 
 2720 

B3 
 3490 

Caa-C 
 4770 
 Less
 than or equal to 11.62 
 Less
 than or equal to 27.05 
 
 Caa-C 
 6500 
 Greater
 than 11.62 but less than or equal to 26.00 
 Greater
 than 27.05 but less than or equal to 48.75 
 
 Ineligible (2) 
 N/A 
 Greater
 than 26 
 Greater
 than 48.75 

(1) The
Bond Default Rating used from Moody s RiskCalc should be the lower of the 1-year or 5-year rating outputs. 

This
Risk Factor Rating shall be assigned to any Obligor with a TTM EBITDA of less than 5,000,000; provided , however ,
that such Obligor would not be assigned a Risk Factor Rating of 6500 pursuant to footnote below. 

This
Risk Factor Rating shall be assigned to any Obligor with TTM EBITDA of less than 5,000,000 and (i) other than with respect to
Uni-Tranche Loans, Senior Total Funded Debt to TTM EBITDA of greater than 3.75x, (ii) other than with respect to Uni-Tranche Loans,
Total Funded Debt to TTM EBITDA of greater than 5.25x or (iii) with respect to Uni-Tranche Loans, Total Funded Debt to TTM EBITDA
of greater than 4.00x. 

(2) Collateral
Loans with a Bond Default Rating of Caa-C shall be divided into two sub-categories based on their expected default frequencies
as outlined above. Collateral Loans with a Risk Factor greater than 6500 are not eligible 

Schedule
8 

Closing
Memorandum 

Attached. 

Schedule
9 

Closing
Date Participation Interests 

Issuer 
 
 Asset
 Name 
 
 Principal Balance 

Avison
 Young (USA) Inc. 
 
 Fifth
 Amendment Incremental Term Loans 

4,173,913.05 

Avison
 Young (USA) Inc. 
 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

1,929,824.54 

EOS
 Finco S.A.R.L. 
 
 Tranche
 B-1 Term Loans 

1,250,000.00 

Golden
 State Buyer, Inc. 
 
 Initial
 Term Loans 

4,986,817.91 

IF
 P Holdings Company, LLC 
 
 Initial
 Term Loans 

7,129,521.15 

NTM
 Acquisition Corp. 
 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

4,463,273.75 

- 2 - 

Exhibit
A 

[Form
of Notice of Borrowing] 

[Date] 

KeyBank
National Association 

 as
Administrative Agent 

 1000
South McCaslin Boulevard 

 Superior,
Colorado 80027 

 Attn: Richard Andersen 

 Telephone No: (720) 304-1247 

 Facsimile
No.: (216) 370-9166 

 E-mail:
LAS.OPERATIONS.KEF@key.com 

 Ref:
MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 as Collateral Agent 
 Global Corporate Trust CDO Unit 

 One
Federal Street, Third Floor 

 Boston,
Massachusetts 

 Attn:
Lynne Caulfield 

 Ref: MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

Notice
of Borrowing 

This
Notice of Borrowing is made pursuant to Section 2.02 of that certain Term Credit and Security Agreement dated as of
December 20, 2022 (as the same may from time to time be amended, supplemented, waived or modified, the Credit Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (together with its permitted successors
and assigns, the Borrower ); Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, a Maryland corporation, as the collateral
manager (together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Collateral Manager ); the Lenders from time
to time party thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent for the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined)
(in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ); U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns,
the Collateral Agent ); U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian; and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as collateral administrator. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective
meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

1. The
Borrower hereby requests that on December 20, 2022 (the Borrowing Date it receive Borrowings under the Credit
Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of One Hundred Million Dollars 100,000,000) (the Requested Amount ). 

2. The
Borrower hereby gives notice of its request for the Term Loan in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Requested Amount to
the Collateral Agent (who shall forward such request to the Lenders) pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement
and requests that the Lenders remit, or cause to be remitted, the proceeds thereof to the Collateral Agent Account in the respective
pro rata amounts in accordance with the following wiring instructions: 

U.S. Bank N.A. 

ABA 091-000-022 

Acct 104797950235 

Acct
name: MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

Ref: MCIP SPV II Facility / MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

3. The
Borrower certifies that immediately after giving effect to the proposed Borrowing on the Borrowing Date each of the applicable
conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01 of the Credit Agreement is satisfied, including: 

(1) immediately
after the making of the Term Loan on the Borrowing Date, each Coverage Test shall be satisfied; 

(2) immediately
after the making of the Term Loan on the Borrowing Date, each Portfolio Quality Test shall be satisfied; 

(3) each
of the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Article IV of the Credit Agreement is true and correct
in all material respects (except for representations and warranties already qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
which shall be true and correct) as of the Borrowing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly
relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties are true and correct in all material respects as
of such earlier date); and 

(4) no
Default, Event of Default, Potential Collateral Manager Termination Event or Collateral Manager Termination Event shall have occurred
and be continuing at the time of the making of the Term Loan or shall result upon the making of the Term Loan. 

[Signature
Page to Follow] 

- 2 - 

This
Notice of Borrowing is made this ____ day of ________, 20__. 

MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, as Borrower 

By: Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation , as Designated Manager 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

- 3 - 

Exhibit
B 
 
[Form of Notice of Prepayment] 

[ Date ] 

KeyBank
National Association 

 as
Administrative Agent 

 1000
South McCaslin Boulevard 

 Superior,
Colorado 80027 

 Attn:
Richard Andersen 

 Telephone
No: (720) 304-1247 

 Facsimile
No.: (216) 370-9166 

 E-mail:
LAS.OPERATIONS.KEF@key.com 

 Ref:
MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 as Collateral Agent 
 Global Corporate Trust CDO Unit 

 One
Federal Street, Third Floor 

 Boston,
Massachusetts 

 Attn:
Lynne Caulfield 

 Ref:
MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

Notice
of Prepayment 

This
Notice of Prepayment is made pursuant to Section 2.05 of that certain Term Credit and Security Agreement dated as
of December 20, 2022 (as the same may from time to time be amended, supplemented, waived or modified, the Credit Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower );
company, as borrower (together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Borrower ); Monroe Capital Income
Plus Corporation, a Maryland corporation, as the collateral manager (together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Collateral
Manager ); the Lenders from time to time party thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent for the
Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ); U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors
and assigns, the Collateral Agent ); U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian; and U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association, as collateral administrator. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall
have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

1. The
Borrower hereby gives notice that on __________, 20__ (the Prepayment Date it will make a prepayment under
the Credit Agreement in the principal amount of _____________ Dollars _________) (the Prepayment Amount ). 

2. The
Borrower hereby gives notice of intent to prepay an aggregate principal amount equal to the Prepayment Amount to the Collateral
Agent pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Credit Agreement and will remit, or cause to be remitted, the proceeds thereof
to the Agent s Account. The calculation of the Coverage Tests after giving effect to such prepayment is set forth in Schedule
I hereto. 

[ Signature
Page to Follow] 

- 2 - 

Witness
 my hand on this ____ day of ___________, 20__. 

MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, as Borrower 

By: Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation , as Designated Manager 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

- 3 - 

Schedule
I 
to Notice of Prepayment 

Attached. 

Exhibit
C 
 
[Form of Assignment and Acceptance] 

KeyBank
National Association 

 as
Administrative Agent 

 1000
South McCaslin Boulevard 

 Superior,
Colorado 80027 

 Attn:
Richard Andersen 

 Telephone
No: (720) 304-1247 

 Facsimile
No.: (216) 370-9166 

 E-mail:
LAS.OPERATIONS.KEF@key.com 

 Ref:
MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

cc: U.S.
 Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 as Collateral Agent 
 Global Corporate Trust CDO Unit 

One
Federal Street, Third Floor 

 Boston,
Massachusetts 

 Attn:
Lynne Caulfield 

MC
Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

 c/o
Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation 

 126
East 56th Street 

 32nd
Floor 

 New
York, New York 10022 

 Attn:
Dina Kook 

 Telephone
No: (646) 386-2420 

 E-mail:
 dkook@monroecap.com 

Ref:
MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

Reference
is made to the Term Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 20, 2022 (as the same may from time to time be amended,
supplemented, waived or modified, the Credit Agreement among [Insert Name of Assigning Lender] (the Assignor );
MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower ); Monroe
Capital Income Plus Corporation, a Maryland corporation, as the collateral manager (together with its permitted successors and
assigns, the Collateral Manager ); the other Lenders from time to time party thereto; KeyBank National Association,
as administrative agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative
Agent ); U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity,
together with its successors and assigns, the Collateral Agent ); U.S. Bank National Association, as document
custodian; and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral administrator. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise
defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

The
Assignor and the Assignee referred to on Schedule I hereto agree as follows: 

1. As
of the Effective Date (as defined below), the Assignor hereby absolutely and unconditionally sells and assigns, without recourse,
to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby purchases and assumes, without recourse to or representation of any kind (except as set
forth below) from Assignor, an interest in and to the Assignor s rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement and under
the other Facility Documents equal to the percentage interest specified on Schedule I hereto, including the Assignor s percentage
interest specified on Schedule I hereto of the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan to the Borrower (such rights and
obligations assigned hereby being the Assigned Interests ). After giving effect to such sale, assignment and
assumption, the Assignee s Percentage will be as set forth on Schedule I hereto. 

2. The
Assignor (i) represents and warrants that immediately prior to the Effective Date it is the legal and beneficial owner of the
Assigned Interest free and clear of any Lien created by the Assignor; (ii) makes no representation or warranty and assumes no
responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Facility Documents
or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the perfection or priority of any
lien or security or ownership interest created or purported to be created under or in connection with, the Facility Documents
or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto or the condition or value of the Assigned Interest, Collateral
relating to the Borrower, or any interest therein; and (iii) makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility
with respect to the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Manager or any
other Person, or the performance or observance by any Person of any of its obligations under any Facility Document or any instrument
or document furnished pursuant thereto. 

3. The
Assignee (i) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and the other Facility Documents, together with copies
of any financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 of the Credit Agreement and such other documents and
information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance;
(ii) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Assignor, or any other Lender
and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions
in taking or not taking action under or in connection with any of the Facility Documents; (iii) appoints and authorizes the Administrative
Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Facility Documents as are
delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental
thereto; and (iv) agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations that by the terms of the Facility
Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

- 2 - 

4. The
Assignee, by checking the box below, (i) acknowledges that it is required to be a Qualified Purchaser for purposes of the Investment
Company Act and a QIB as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act at the time it becomes a Lender and on the date on which
the Term Loan is made under the Credit Agreement and (ii) represents and warrants to the Assignor, the Borrower and the Agents
that the Assignee is a Qualified Purchaser: 

By
 checking this box, the Assignee represents and warrants that it is a Qualified Purchaser
 and a QIB. 

5. Following
the execution of this Assignment and Acceptance, it will be delivered to the Administrative Agent for acceptance and recording
by the Administrative Agent. The effective date for this Assignment and Acceptance (the Effective Date shall
be the date of acceptance hereof by the Administrative Agent, unless a later effective date is specified on Schedule I hereto. 

6. Upon
such acceptance and recording by the Administrative Agent, as of the Effective Date, (i) the Assignee shall be a party to and
bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and, to the extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights
and obligations of a Lender thereunder and under any other Facility Document, (ii) without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Assignee expressly acknowledges and agrees to its obligations of indemnification to the Agents pursuant to and as provided
in Section 16.04 thereof, and (iii) the Assignor shall, to the extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish
its rights and be released from its obligations under the Credit Agreement and under any other Facility Document. 

7. Upon
such acceptance and recording by the Administrative Agent, from and after the Effective Date, the Borrower shall make all payments
under the Credit Agreement in respect of the Assigned Interest to the Assignee. The Assignor and Assignee shall make all appropriate
adjustments in payments under the Credit Agreement and the Assigned Interests for periods prior to the Effective Date directly
between themselves. 

8. This
Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

9. Each
of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Document Custodian and the Administrative Agent is an
express third-party beneficiary of this Assignment and Acceptance, with full rights as if it were a party hereto. 

10. This
Assignment and Acceptance may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the
same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of Schedule I to this Assignment and Acceptance by telecopier shall be effective
as a delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Acceptance. 

- 3 - 

In
Witness Whereof , the Assignor and the Assignee
have caused Schedule I to this Assignment and Acceptance to be executed by their officers thereunto duly authorized as of the
date specified thereon. 

- 4 - 

Schedule
I 

Percentage
interest transferred by Assignor: __________ 

Assignor: 

[ Insert Name Of Assignor ], as Assignor 

By 
 
 Authorized Signatory 

Assignee: 

[ Insert Name of Assignee ] as Assignee 

By 
 
 Authorized Signatory 

Accepted
this ___ day of __________, 20__ 

KeyBank
National Association, as Administrative Agent 

By 

Authorized Signatory 

[Consented
to this ___ day of _________, 20__ 

MC
Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, as Borrower 

By:
 Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation , as Designated Manager 

By 

Name: 

Title: 
 
 ] 1 

1
 Insert in an Assignment and Acceptance if Borrower consent is required 

Exhibit
D 
 
 Form of Account Control Agreement 

Exhibit
E-1 

Form
of Release of Related Documents 

[Delivery
Date] 

BY
FACSIMILE: ___) ____-____ 
 _______________ 
 _______________ 

 _______________ 

 _______________ 

Attention:
_______________ 

Re: Term
 Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 20, 2022 (as extended, renewed, amended
 or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among MC Income
 Plus Financing SPV II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (together
 with its permitted successors and assigns, the Borrower ); Monroe
 Capital Income Plus Corporation, a Maryland corporation, as the collateral manager (together
 with its permitted successors and assigns, the Collateral Manager );
 the Lenders from time to time party thereto; KeyBank National Association, as administrative
 agent (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative
 Agent ); U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent
 (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Collateral
 Agent ); U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral administrator (in such
 capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Collateral Administrator and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as document custodian (in such capacity,
 together with its successors and assigns, the Document Custodian ). 

Ladies
and Gentlemen: 

In
connection with the Related Documents held by U.S. Bank National Association as the Document Custodian on behalf of the Administrative
Agent as agent for the Secured Parties, under the Credit Agreement, we request the release of the Related Documents (or such documents
as specified below) for the Collateral Loans described below, for the reason indicated. All capitalized terms used but not defined
herein shall have the meaning provided in the Credit Agreement. 

Obligor s
Name, Address Zip Code : 

Loan
Identification Number : 

Related
Documents to be released : 

Reason
for Requesting Documents (check one) 

1. 
 Collateral Loan paid in full. (The Collateral Manager
hereby certifies that all amounts received in connection with such Collateral Loan have been credited to the Collection Account.) 

2. 
 Collateral Loan liquidated by ____________________________.
(The Collateral Manager hereby certifies that all proceeds (net of liquidation expenses which the Collateral Manager may retain
to pay such expenses) of foreclosure, insurance, condemnation or other liquidation have been finally received and credited to
the Collection Account.) 

3. 
 Collateral Loan in foreclosure. 

4. 
 Delivered in Error. 

5. 
 Substitution. 

6. 
 Failure to satisfy Review Criteria. 

7. 
 Repurchased. 

8. 
 Discretionary Sale. 

9. 
 Termination of Agreement. 

10. 
 Servicing. 

11. 
 Other (explain). 

If
box 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 or 10 above is checked, and if all or part of the Related Documents were previously released to us,
please release to us the Related Documents, requested in our previous request and receipt on file with you, as well as any additional
documents in your possession relating to the specified Collateral Loan. 

If
box 3, 11 or 12 above is checked, we will return of all of the above Related Documents to you as the Document Custodian (i) promptly
upon the request of the Administrative Agent or (ii) when our need therefor no longer exists. 

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

- 2 - 

Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation , as the Collateral Manager 

By 

Name 

Title 

Consent
of Administrative Agent if required under the Agreement: 

KeyBank
 National Association, as Administrative Agent 

By 

Name 

Title 

- 3 - 

EXHIBIT
E-2 

CERTIFICATE
FOR RELEASE OF RELATED DOCUMENTS 
[Liquidated Collateral Loans and Sales] 

This
Certificate for Release of Related Documents is made pursuant to the Term Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 20,
2022, among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, as Borrower, Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, as Collateral Manager, U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and as Collateral Administrator, U.S. Bank National Association,
as Document Custodian, the Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent
(the Term Credit and Security Agreement ). 

[__________________]
hereby certifies that he/she is a Responsible Officer (as the term is defined in the Term Credit and Security Agreement) of Monroe
Capital Income Plus Corporation, and hereby further certifies in such capacity and not in an individual capacity as follows: 

With
respect to the Collateral Loan(s) (as the term is defined in the Term Credit and Security Agreement) described in Schedule
1 attached hereto: 

(a) [Such
 Collateral Loan(s) has or have been liquidated and all amounts received or to be received
 in connection with such liquidation that are required to be deposited have been or will
 be so deposited as required by the Term Credit and Security Agreement][Such Collateral
 Loan(s) have been sold pursuant to a discretionary sale in accordance with Section 10.01
 of the Term Credit and Security Agreement][Such Collateral Loan(s) has or have been repurchased/substituted
 in accordance with Section 10.03 of the Term Credit and Security Agreement]; and 

(b) No
 Potential Collateral Manager Termination Event or Collateral Manager Termination Event
 (as each such term is defined in the Term Credit and Security Agreement) has occurred
 and is continuing, or, if such has occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Administrative
 Agent has been obtained with respect to this request. 

Dated:
_______________ 

MONROE CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE
1 

 Request
for Release of Request 

 for
Release and Receipt 

[LIQUIDATED][SOLD][SUBSTITUTED]
LOAN(S) 

- 2 - 

Exhibit
F 

Form
of Facility Amount Increase Request 

_____________,
202__ 

To:
 KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent 
for the Lenders parties to the Revolving Term
 Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 20, 2022 (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from time to
time, the Credit Agreement ), among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II
LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Borrower );
 Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation , a Maryland corporation, as the collateral
manager (together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Collateral Manager ); the Lenders from time
to time party thereto; KeyBank National Association , as administrative agent (in
such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ); KeyBank
National Association , as lead arranger; U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association ,
as collateral agent; U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian; and
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association , as collateral administrator. 

Ladies
and Gentlemen: 

The
Borrower hereby refers to the Credit Agreement and requests that the Administrative Agent consent to an increase in the Facility
Amount (the Facility Amount Increase ), in accordance with Section 2.15 of the Credit Agreement,
to be effected by [an increase in the Commitment of [name of existing Lender] (the Increasing Lender )]
[the addition of [name of new Lender] (the New Lender as a Lender] under the terms of the Credit Agreement .
Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same meanings herein as such terms have in the Credit Agreement. 

After
giving effect to such Facility Amount Increase [and any other increase in the Facility Amount effective prior to or as of the
execution of this Facility Amount Increase] , the Commitment of the [Lender] [New Lender] shall be _____________ and the
Percentage of such Lender shall be ____ . 

[Include
paragraphs 1-4 for a New Lender] 

1. The
New Lender hereby confirms that it has received a copy of the Facility Documents and the exhibits related thereto, together with
copies of the documents which were required to be delivered under the Credit Agreement as a condition to the making of the Term
Loan thereunder. The New Lender acknowledges and agrees that it has made and will continue to make, independently and without
reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate,
its own credit analysis and decisions relating to the Credit Agreement. The New Lender further acknowledges and agrees that the
Administrative Agent has not made any representations or warranties about the credit worthiness of the Borrower or any other party
to the Credit Agreement or any other Facility Document or with respect to the legality, validity, sufficiency or enforceability
of the Credit Agreement or any other Facility Document or the value of any security therefor. 

2. Except
as otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement, effective as of the date of acceptance hereof by the Administrative Agent, the
New Lender (i) shall be deemed automatically to have become a party to the Credit Agreement and have all the rights and obligations
of a Lender under the Credit Agreement as if it were an original signatory thereto and (ii) agrees to
be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement as if it were an original signatory thereto. As a result
of the New Lender becoming a party to the Credit Agreement pursuant to this Facility Amount Increase, along with certain other
lenders becoming a party to the Credit Agreement prior to or as of the execution of this Facility Amount Increase, Schedule 1
of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be amended and restated as follows: 

COMMITMENTS
AND PERCENTAGES 

LENDER 
 COMMITMENT 
 PERCENTAGE 

3. The
New Lender shall deliver to the Administrative Agent such information and shall complete such forms as are reasonably requested
of the New Lender by the Administrative Agent. 

- 2 - 

[4. The
New Lender has delivered, if appropriate, to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (or is delivering to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent concurrently herewith) the tax forms referred to in Section 16.03 of the Credit Agreement.] 

[5. In
connection with the Facility Amount Increase, on the effective date of this Facility Amount Increase Request, it is anticipated
that the Borrower will acquire Facility Amount Increase Participation Interests in the following Loans: 

Issuer 
 Asset
 Name 
 Principal
 Balance 

] 

This
Agreement shall be deemed to be a contractual obligation under, and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the state of New York. 

The
Facility Amount Increase shall be effective when the executed consent of the Administrative Agent and each [New][Increasing] Lender
is received or otherwise in accordance with Section 2.15 of the Credit Agreement, but not in any case prior to ___________________,
202__. It shall be a condition to the effectiveness of the Facility Amount Increase that all expenses of the Administrative Agent
referred to in Section 2.15 of the Credit Agreement shall have been paid. 

The
Borrower hereby certifies that (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (y) all representations and
warranties contained in Article IV of the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (except for representations
and warranties already qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct) as of the date hereof. 

Please
indicate the Administrative Agent s consent to such Facility Amount Increase by signing the enclosed copy of this letter
in the space provided below. 

Insert bracketed paragraph if New Lender is organized under the law of a jurisdiction other than the United States of
America or a state thereof. 

Insert bracketed paragraph if Borrower will acquire Facility Amount Increase Participation Interests in connection with this Facility
Amount Increase Request. 

- 3 - 

Very truly yours, 

MC Income
 Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

By: Monroe
 Capital Income Plus Corporation , as Designated Manager 

By 

Name: 

Title: 

[ New
 or existing Lender Increasing Commitments] 

By 

Name 

Title 

The
undersigned hereby consents on this __ day of _____________, 20__ to the above-requested Facility Amount Increase. 

KeyBank
National Association, as Administrative Agent 

By 

Name 

Title 

- 4 - 

Exhibit
G 

COLLATERAL
LOANS CERTIFICATION 

This Collateral Loans Certification is
made pursuant to the Term Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 20, 2022 (together with all amendments, if any, from
time to time, the Term Credit and Security Agreement ), among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, as Borrower,
Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, as Collateral Manager, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent
and as Collateral Administrator, U.S. Bank National Association, as Document Custodian, the Lenders from time to time parties thereto,
and KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, capitalized
terms used herein have the meanings provided in the Term Credit and Security Agreement. 

[__________________] hereby certifies that
he/she is a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager, and hereby further certifies in such capacity and not in an individual
capacity as follows: 

With respect to the Collateral Loan(s)
described in Annex 1 attached hereto: 

(a) Except to the extent provided in Section 7.05 and Section 14.07 of the Term Credit and Security
Agreement and subject to ongoing compliance with such Sections, the Related Documents delivered to the Document Custodian include
all of the documents required to be delivered to the Document Custodian under the Term Credit and Security Agreement, except those
documents that do not exist with respect to such Collateral Loan(s), as indicated on Annex 1 (each, an Exception ); 

(b) Any Exception satisfies the requirements of the Term Credit and Security Agreement; and 

(c) All of the documents and the information contained on Annex 1 are complete and correct in
all material respects. 

Dated:___________ 

MONROE CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION, as Collateral Manager 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit H 

Form
of Closing Certificate 

Pursuant to Section
3.01 of that certain Term Credit and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), dated as December 20,
2022, by and among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower ),
Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, a Maryland corporation, as collateral manager, the Lenders from time to time party thereto,
KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent (the
 Collateral Agent and as collateral administrator, U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian,
Borrower does hereby certify that, in the case of each item of Collateral pledged to the Collateral Agent, on the date hereof and
immediately prior to the delivery thereof on the date hereof: 

On the Closing Date, each
Coverage Test is satisfied, the Minimum Equity Amount Test is satisfied and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing under the Credit Agreement. 

Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has caused
this Closing Certificate to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 

MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC , as Borrower 

By: Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation , as Designated Manager 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Schedule
I 

to
Closing Certificate 

[To be attached.] 

Exhibit I-A 

[Form of] 
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

(For
Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference
is made to the Term Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 20, 2022 (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from
time to time, the Credit Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC ,
as Borrower, Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, as Collateral Manager, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, KeyBank
National Association, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as Collateral Agent and as Collateral Administrator, U.S. Bank National Association, as Document Custodian. Terms
defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meaning. 

Pursuant to the provisions
of Section 16.03 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial
owner of the Term Loan in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A)
of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of
the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C)
of the Code. 

The undersigned has
furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS
Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on
this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the
undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently
effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two
calendar years preceding such payments. 

[ Name of Lender] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 
 , 20[_] 

Exhibit I-B 

[Form of] 
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships
For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference
is made to the Term Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 20, 2022 (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from
time to time, the Credit Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC ,
as Borrower, Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, as Collateral Manager, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, KeyBank
National Association, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as Collateral Agent and as Collateral Administrator, U.S. Bank National Association, as Document Custodian. Terms
defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meaning. 

Pursuant to the provisions
of Section 16.03 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner
of the participation(s) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section
881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B)
of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of
the Code. 

The undersigned has
furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS
Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this
certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned
shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate
in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding
such payments. 

[ Name
of Participant] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 
 , 20[_] 

- 2 - 

Exhibit I-C 

[Form of] 
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships
For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference
is made to the Term Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 20, 2022 (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from
time to time, the Credit Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC ,
as Borrower, Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, as Collateral Manager, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, KeyBank
National Association, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), and U.S. Bank National Association,
as Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and Document Custodian. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with
the same meaning. 

Pursuant to the provisions
of Section 16.03 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation(s)
in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners
of such participation(s), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Facility
Documents, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A)
of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning
of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation
related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has
furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of
its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable,
or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partner s/member s
beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that
(1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed
and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either
of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

[ Name
of Participant] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 
 , 20[_] 

- 3 - 

Exhibit I-D 

[Form of] 
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships
For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference
is made to the Term Credit and Security Agreement dated as of December 20, 2022 (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from
time to time, the Credit Agreement among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC ,
as Borrower, Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, as Collateral Manager, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, KeyBank
National Association, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as Collateral Agent and as Collateral Administrator, U.S. Bank National Association, as Document Custodian. Terms
defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meaning. 

Pursuant to the provisions
of Section 16.03 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Term Loan
in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners
of the Term Loan, (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Facility Documents,
neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A)
of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning
of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation
related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has
furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of
its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable,
or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partner s/member s
beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that
(1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed
and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either
of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

[ Name
of Lender] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 
 , 20[_] 

- 4 - 

Exhibit
J 

Form
of Compliance Certificate 

Pursuant to Section
5.01(d)(ix) of that certain Term Credit and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), dated as of December
20, 2022, by and among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower ),
Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation , a Maryland corporation, as collateral manager, the
Lenders from time to time party thereto, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent and as collateral administrator, U.S. Bank National
Association, as document custodian, Borrower does hereby certify that as of the most recent Determination Date: 

On such Determination Date,
each Coverage Test and the Minimum Equity Amount Test were satisfied (as demonstrated by the calculation of each such test on Schedule
I hereto) and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Agreement, as demonstrated on the
 Compliance Certificate and related Calculation Sheet delivered as part of the Monthly Report with respect
to the ____________ __, 20__ Monthly Report Determination Date. 

Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has caused
this Closing Certificate to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 

MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC , as Borrower 

By: Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation , as Designated Manager 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Schedule
I to Compliance Certificate 

Calculation
of each coverage test and minimum equity test 

Exhibit K 

[Reserved] 

EXHIBIT L 

FORM OF CUSTODIAL CERTIFICATION 

[Date] 

MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

c/o Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation 

126 East 56th Street 

32nd Floor 

New York, New York 10022 

Attn: Dina Kook 

Telephone No: (646) 386-2420 

Facsimile No.: (312) 258-8350 

E-mail: dkook@monroecap.com 

U.S. Bank National Association 

Global Corporate Trust CDO Unit 

One Federal Street, Third Floor 

Boston, Massachusetts 

Attn: Lynora Caulfield 

Ref: MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 

Telephone No: (617) 603-6641 

Facsimile No.: (855) 791-2099 

E-mail: lynora.caulfield@usbank.com 

KeyBank National Association 

1000 South McCaslin Boulevard 

Superior, Colorado 80027 

Attn: Richard Andersen 

Telephone No: (720) 304-1247 

Facsimile No.: (216) 370-9166 

E-mail: LAS.OPERATIONS.KEF@key.com 

Re: Term Credit and Security
Agreement dated as of December 20, 2022 (the Credit Agreement ), by and among MC Income Plus Financing SPV
II LLC, as the borrower (the Borrower ), MC Capital Income Plus Corporation, as collateral manager (the Collateral
Manager ), the lenders from time to time parties thereto, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent (in such
capacity, the Administrative Agent ), U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent (in
such capacity, the Collateral Agent ), as collateral administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral
Administrator and U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian (in such capacity, the Document Custodian 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

In accordance with
the provisions of Section 14.02(b) of the above-referenced Agreement, the undersigned, as Document Custodian, hereby certifies
and confirms that with respect to each of the Related Documents listed on the Loan Checklist annexed hereto as Schedule I, except
as noted on the report of exceptions attached hereto as Exhibit 1; 

(i) all Related Documents and Loan Checklist
required to be delivered to the Document Custodian pursuant to Section 7.05 of the Agreement are in the Document Custodian s
possession; and 

(ii) all Related Documents
delivered to the Document Custodian related to each such Collateral Loans and the related Loan Checklist have been reviewed by
the Document Custodian and appear regular on their face and relate to such applicable Collateral Loans. 

The Document Custodian
shall have no liability for or obligation with respect to, and shall not be construed or obliged to make any representation or
warranty as to: (i) the validity, sufficiency, marketability, genuineness, value, contents or enforceability of any Collateral
or Related Document; (ii) the validity, adequacy or perfection of any lien upon or security interest purported to be evidenced
or created thereby; or (iii) to determine that the contents of any Collateral or Related Documents are appropriate for the represented
purpose or that any Collateral or Related Document has actually been recorded or filed, as maybe applicable, or that any Collateral
or Related Document is other than what it purports on its face to be. 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Document Custodian 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

- 2 - 

Exhibit
M 

Form
of Substitute Loan Certification 

Pursuant to Section
10.03(b)(xi) of that certain Term Credit and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), dated as December
20, 2022, by and among MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower ),
Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation, a Maryland corporation, as collateral manager, the Lenders from time to time party thereto,
KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent (the
 Collateral Agent and as collateral administrator, U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian,
Borrower does hereby certify that, in the case of the substitution of a Collateral Loan with a Substitute Loan, on the date hereof: 

(i) such Substitute Loan
(x) is an Eligible First Lien Obligation (excluding Uni-Tranche Loans, Bifurcated First Lien Term Loans and Covenant Lite Loans)
and (y) has a lower Risk Factor Rating than the Loan being substituted for; 

(ii) after giving effect
to such substitution, each Coverage Test and Portfolio Quality Test is satisfied (or if any such Coverage Test or Portfolio Quality
Test is not satisfied, such test is maintained or improved after giving effect to such substitution); 

(iii) 100 of the proceeds
from the sale of the Collateral Loan(s) to be replaced in connection with such Substitute Loan are either applied by the Borrower
to acquire the Substitute Loan(s) or deposited in the Principal Collection Subaccount; 

(iv) no Default or Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing (before or after giving effect to such substitution); 

(v) there is no adverse
selection, impacting the interest of the Secured Parties, by the Borrower or Collateral Manager with regard to such Collateral
Loans to be substituted or the Substitute Loans; 

(vi) the Borrower and,
if the Collateral Manager is the initial Collateral Manager or an Affiliate of the Borrower or the BDC, the Collateral Manager
(on behalf of the Borrower) shall agree to pay the legal fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent
in connection with any such substitution (including, but not limited to, expenses incurred in connection with the release of the
Lien of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in connection with such sale, substitution or repurchase); 

(vii) the Borrower shall
notify the Administrative Agent of any amount to be deposited into the Collection Account in connection with any such substitution
and shall deliver to the Document Custodian the Related Documents for any Substitute Loans; 

(viii) upon confirmation
of the delivery of a Substitute Loan for each applicable Collateral Loan being substituted for, each applicable Collateral Loan
being substituted for shall be removed from the Collateral and the applicable Substitute Loan(s) shall be included in the Collateral; 

(ix) the Concentration
Limitations (recalculated, solely for this purpose, as of the date of such proposed sale) are satisfied (or if there is any Excess
Concentration Amount, such Excess Concentration Amount is maintained or decreased after giving effect to such sale); and 

(x) in connection with
the substitution of a Collateral Loan the fair market value (expressed as a percentage of par) of which is lower than 95 , the
Substitute Loan therefor has a fair market value (expressed as a percentage of par) higher than the Collateral Loan being substituted
for. 

Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

- 2 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has caused
this Closing Certificate to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 

MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC , as Borrower 

By: Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation , as Designated Manager 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 tm231050d1_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF MONROE CAPITAL INCOME PLUS CORPORATION 

Name 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 MC Income Plus Financing SPV LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MC Income Plus Financing SPV II LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Monroe Capital Income Plus ABS Funding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company I, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company II, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company III, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company IV, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company V, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company VI, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company VII, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company VIII, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company IX, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company X, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XI, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XII, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XIII, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XIV, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XV, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XVI, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XVII, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XVIII, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XIX, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XX, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XXI, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XXII, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MCIP Holding Company XXIII, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Panther Lender MCIP BDC, LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 tm231050d1_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Theodore L. Koenig, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2023 

/s/ Theodore L. Koenig 

Theodore L. Koenig 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 tm231050d1_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Lewis W. Solimene, Jr., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2023 

/s/ Lewis W. Solimene, Jr. 

Lewis W. Solimene, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 tm231050d1_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation (the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Theodore L. Koenig, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, and I, Lewis W. Solimene, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to our knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 15, 2023 

/s/ Theodore L. Koenig 

Theodore L. Koenig 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation 

/s/ Lewis W. Solimene, Jr. 

Lewis W. Solimene, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Monroe Capital Income Plus Corporation 

</EX-32.1>

