<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1278021_0000950170-23-003824.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25035831</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>431880</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3564701</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12277043</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2679493</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5454523</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003824.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222172714
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003824
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001278021
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		IRS NUMBER:				522230784
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34091
		FILM NUMBER:		23654730

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 HUDSON YARDS, 15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-831-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 HUDSON YARDS, 15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MARKETAXESS HOLDING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003824.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 mktx-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately billion computed by reference to the last reported sale price on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on that date. For purposes of this calculation, affiliates are considered to be officers, directors and holders of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock of the registrant on that date. The registrant had 37,640,008 shares of common stock, 4,915,284 of which were held by affiliates, outstanding on that date. 
 As of February 17, 2023, the aggregate number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 2022 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1: 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A: 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 21 

Item 1B: 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 38 

Item 2: 
 
 Properties 
 
 38 

Item 3: 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 38 

Item 4: 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 38 

PART II 

Item 5: 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 39 

Item 6: 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 41 

Item 7: 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 42 

Item 7A: 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 55 

Item 8: 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 57 

Item 9: 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 92 

Item 9A: 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 92 

Item 9B: 
 
 Other Information 
 
 92 

Item 9C: 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 92 

PART III 

Item 10: 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 93 

Item 11: 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 93 

Item 12: 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 93 

Item 13: 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 93 

Item 14: 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 93 

PART IV 

Item 15: 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 94 

Item 16: 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 100 

2 

P ART I 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expects, intends, anticipates, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, will, or words of similar meaning and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the outlook for our future business and financial performance and our strategy. Forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. It is routine for our internal projections and expectations to change as the year or each quarter in the year progresses, and therefore it should be clearly understood that the internal projections and beliefs upon which we base our expectations may change prior to the end of each quarter or the year. Although these expectations may change, we are under no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements contained in this report. Actual future events or results may differ, perhaps materially, from those contained in the projections or forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 I tem 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (the Company or MarketAxess operates leading electronic trading platforms delivering greater trading efficiency, a diversified pool of liquidity and significant cost savings to our clients across the global fixed-income markets. Over 2,000 institutional investor and broker-dealer firms use our patented trading technology to efficiently trade U.S. high-grade bonds, U.S. high-yield bonds, emerging market debt, Eurobonds, municipal bonds, U.S. government bonds and other fixed-income securities. Our award-winning Open Trading marketplace is widely regarded as the preferred all-to-all trading solution in the global credit markets, creating a unique liquidity pool for a broad range of credit market participants. Drawing on a diverse set of trading protocols, including request-for-quote, live order books, sessions-based trading and portfolio trading solutions, as well as our deep data and analytical resources, we believe that we connect the most robust network of participants through an advanced full trading lifecycle solution that also includes automated trading solutions, intelligent data and index products and a range of post-trade services. 
 We operate in a large and rapidly growing market that provides us with a significant opportunity for future growth. Many of our largest current product areas, and areas of future growth, have relatively low levels of trading electronification, which further increases the size of our addressable market. Our platforms innovative technology solutions are designed to capitalize on this addressable market by increasing the number of potential trading counterparties and providing our clients with a menu of solutions to address the full lifecycle of fixed-income trading. We offer all-to-all trading Open Trading and automated trading solutions for most of our products. We believe that Open Trading drives meaningful price improvement for our clients and reduces risk in fixed-income markets by creating a global, diversified pool of liquidity whereby our institutional investor clients, dealer clients and alternative liquidity providers can all interact on an anonymous basis. Institutional investors can also send trading inquiries directly to their traditional broker-dealer counterparties on a disclosed basis disclosed RFQ ), while simultaneously accessing additional counterparties through our anonymous Open Trading solutions. 
 We also provide a number of integrated and actionable data offerings, including Composite+ and Axess All , to assist clients with real-time pricing and trading decisions and transaction cost analysis. We have a range of post-trade services, including straight-through processing, trade matching, trade publication, regulatory transaction reporting and market and reference data across fixed-income and other products. 
 In 2022, 89.3 of our revenues were derived from commissions for transactions executed on our platforms. We also derive revenues from information services, post-trade services and other income. Our expenses consist of employee compensation and benefits, depreciation and amortization, technology and communication expenses, professional and consulting fees, occupancy, marketing and advertising, clearing costs and general and administrative expenses. 
 
 3 

Our History 
 MarketAxess has been an innovative leader in electronic trading since its founding in 2000. Throughout our history, our primary goals have remained the same: improve trading efficiency and deliver meaningful transaction price improvement for our clients. Prior to our founding, our institutional investor clients were able to trade bonds by telephone with a limited set of broker-dealers with which they had institutional relationships. By 2007, our platforms enabled institutional investors to trade electronically with over thirty broker-dealers. During the financial crisis, we significantly expanded the number of non-primary and regional dealers providing liquidity on our platforms, as many dealers were forced to reduce their balance sheets for market making. Today, we are an S P 500 company that, through our Open Trading protocols, provides an expanded liquidity pool for over 1,700 global market participants to trade a wide variety of fixed-income securities with each other. 

Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe that we are well positioned to strengthen our market position in electronic trading in our existing products and to extend our presence into new products and services by capitalizing on our competitive strengths, including: 
 Significant Trading Volumes with Participation by Leading Broker-Dealers and Institutional Investors 
 Our electronic trading platforms provide access to the liquidity generated by the participation of our institutional investor and broker-dealer clients, including substantially all of the leading broker-dealers in global fixed-income trading. We believe these broker-dealers represent the principal source of secondary market liquidity for credit and rates products. We believe that our broker-dealer clients are incentivized to use our platforms due to the ability to efficiently transact with valuable client order flow and the ability to use our Open Trading protocols to help manage their risk, source liquidity and facilitate transactions on behalf of their clients. 
 Our total credit trading volume increased from approximately 1.7 trillion in 2018 to 2.9 trillion in 2022 and our estimated share of U.S. high-grade and high-yield corporate bond volume has increased from 18.1 and 8.9 , respectively, in 2018, to 21.3 and 17.9 , respectively, in 2022. Approximately 91.0 of credit volume on our platforms during 2022 was executed by institutional clients with the remaining 9.0 of credit volume conducted between dealers. 
 4 

Open Trading is a Differentiator that Expands the Liquidity Pool and Drives Price Improvement for Broker-Dealers and Institutional Investors 
 Liquidity has remained a persistent concern for market participants as regulators raised bank capital requirements and adopted other measures that prompted many dealers to reduce market-making activities even as the buy-side s bond holdings have grown rapidly. In this environment, Open Trading, our fully electronic, all-to-all trading functionality, has emerged as one solution to the liquidity problem. Open Trading participants have broader and more diverse liquidity options compared to the traditional model of bilateral trading with a limited set of dealer counterparties. The expanded pool of liquidity providers includes investment managers, global dealers, regional dealers and specialist market making and proprietary trading firms. During 2022, over 1,700 firms participated in Open Trading, which improved the ability of both dealers and institutional investors to find natural and opportunistic matches, move orders more efficiently, and achieve significant increases in execution quality and price improvement. 
 We believe our Open Trading protocols enhance our institutional investor clients ability to obtain a competitive price by allowing all of our Open Trading participants to interact with each other, thereby increasing the potential sources of liquidity available for each participant, as well as the likelihood of receiving a competitive price response. We estimate that Open Trading generated 945.3 million of price improvement for our clients in 2022, consisting of an estimated 653.2 million of liquidity taker price improvement (defined as the difference between the winning price and the best disclosed dealer cover price) and an estimated 292.1 million of liquidity provider price improvement (defined as the difference between the winning price and then current Composite+ bid or offer level, offer if the provider is buying, bid if provider is selling) at the time of the inquiry. This Open Trading price improvement is in addition to the potential cost savings institutional investors can achieve by simultaneously requesting bids or offers from our broker-dealer clients via our traditional disclosed RFQ protocol. In addition, dealers use Open Trading as a source of liquidity to efficiently transfer risk and achieve enhanced bond inventory turnover, which may limit their credit exposure. 
 Growing, Comprehensive International Offering and Client Base 
 Our platforms provide global fixed-income market participants with trading functionality across Eurobond and emerging markets credit and rates markets, connecting clients in over 80 countries to local and global dealers. MarketAxess has over 1,000 active client firms located outside the U.S. that access our platforms through our regulated venues in Europe, Asia and Latin America. Our Open Trading functionality allows international clients to access cross-border liquidity more efficiently with few regulatory hurdles. 
 The MarketAxess emerging markets trading platform also offers the most comprehensive offering for local currency bond trading across the Latin America, Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Asia-Pacific APAC regions. Our platforms provide clients with the ability to trade emerging market local currency debt denominated in 29 local currencies with over 140 broker-dealers. 
 In 2021, we extended our global fixed-income trading network to China s bond market enabling global investor clients to access the China Interbank Bond Market CIBM via the connection between China Foreign Exchange Trade System CFETS and MarketAxess under the Bond Connect and CIBM Direct schemes. This arrangement allows clients to trade directly with onshore market makers in China, thus broadening access to liquidity in global emerging markets debt. 
 Robust, Scalable Technology Throughout the Full Trading Cycle 
 We have developed proprietary technology that is designed to be highly secure, fault tolerant and scalable for substantial growth. Our systems are designed to accommodate additional volume, products and clients with relatively little modification and low incremental costs. We have consistently used our proprietary technology to find new ways for our clients to trade more effectively and efficiently. Our core software solutions assist clients with trade execution, as well as pre- and post-trade services. We believe these technologies allow our clients to execute trades more efficiently, while simultaneously capitalizing on price improvement opportunities that can be achieved through our Open Trading functionality. To further support more efficient trade execution, we also offer several automated trading protocols, which allow clients to set eligibility criteria for their orders that our platforms will use to determine whether or not to execute a trade in accordance with the pre-defined parameters. We believe that these automated trading protocols reduce trading inefficiencies and human errors while allowing traders to focus on higher-value trades. 
 In addition to services directly related to the execution of trades, we also offer our clients several other pre- and post-trade services. In the pre-trade period, our platforms assist participants with price discovery by providing them with dealer pricing and real-time and historical trade data. Following the execution of a trade, our platforms support all of the essential tools and functionalities to enable our participants to achieve straight through processing STP for trade settlement and to measure transaction costs to evidence best execution. 
 The Company is focused on investing in our resiliency, scale and risk management systems. We also prioritize continuing product delivery on current technologies, delivering approximately 710 unique new business and technical features to our clients during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 5 

Next Generation Data and Analytical Tools Supporting the Increasing Automation of Trading Workflows 
 Our data and analytical tools enhance the value proposition of our trading platforms and improve the trading experience of our clients. We support our clients trading functions by offering value-added analytics that rely on machine-learning, automation and algorithms that are designed to improve the trading decisions and workflows of our clients. Our data and analytical tools are designed to help clients make better trading decisions, benefiting our current clients and attracting new market participants to our network. For example, our Auto-X and Auto-Responder solutions allow traders to execute their smaller trades more efficiently, allowing clients to focus their attention on higher-value trades. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our objective is to provide the leading global electronic trading platforms for fixed-income securities, allowing broker-dealers and institutional investors to connect, trade and achieve price improvement more easily and efficiently, while offering a broad array of information, trading and technology services to market participants across the trading cycle. The key elements of our strategy are: 
 Increase Penetration in Credit Markets 
 We believe that we have a large opportunity remaining to capture additional market share in the credit product markets in which we have already established a leadership position. For example, the estimated Composite Corporate Bond average daily trading volume on our platforms for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 9.4 billion, representing just 19.9 of the estimated addressable market of approximately 47.5 billion. The traditional methods of bilateral trading, including the telephone, e-mail or instant messaging, continue to be one of our principal competitors in the credit markets in which we have established a leadership position. We continue to focus on capturing additional market share across our core credit markets. Composite Corporate Bond refers to our combined U.S. High Grade, U.S. High Yield, emerging markets and Eurobonds product areas. 
 Continue Expansion into New Product Areas 
 By leveraging our Open Trading functionality and capitalizing on our experience of building market share in markets like U.S high-grade and U.S. high-yield bonds, we plan to increase our product footprint in newer product areas, including emerging market local currency bonds, municipal bonds, U.S. government bonds, European government bonds and Chinese government bonds. Each of these markets has unique trading protocols, market structures and settlement solutions that require a lengthy ramp-up period, but which will provide diverse revenue sources if we can obtain significant market share. For example, in 2021, we acquired MuniBrokers LLC MuniBrokers ), a central electronic trading venue serving municipal bond inter-dealer brokers and dealers, in order to expand our existing municipal bond trading solution. The acquisition connects our leading trading technology with the liquidity of one of the industry s largest electronic inter-dealer marketplaces, creating a compelling and diverse liquidity solution that we believe will ultimately deliver an improved execution experience. 
 Expand Trading Protocols and Leverage the Open Trading Network 
 We believe that we are the only fixed-income electronic trading platform that embraces all-to-all trading in each of our product areas. Open Trading exponentially increases the number of potential trading counterparties by allowing both our broker-dealer clients and institutional investor clients to interact in an all-to-all trading environment of over 1,700 firms. Our clients executed approximately 939.6 billion in credit trading volume using Open Trading during 2022, representing 35.9 of total eligible credit trading volume on our platforms, and realized approximately 945.3 million in estimated price improvement through this unique liquidity solution in 2022. We believe that the combination of Open Trading and our vast client network provides the basis for MarketAxess to enhance liquidity and improve market resiliency in global fixed-income markets. 
 Continue to Invest in and Grow our Business through Geographic Diversification 
 We are continuing to expand and diversify our business internationally. Our revenues from international clients have grown from 15.7 of total revenue in 2018 to 19.6 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our institutional investor and broker-dealer clients are based in over 80 countries with over 1,000 total active international client firms and 5,528 total active international traders. We offer cross-regional electronic trading services in U.S fixed-income markets for international clients, as well as in Eurobonds and emerging market debt. By offering liquidity in both hard-currency and local currency emerging market debt, we have created an efficient emerging market trading ecosystem for our institutional investor and broker-dealer clients. In the last five years, we have seen significant growth in the Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA ), Latin America and APAC regions. The average daily trading volume in the EMEA, Latin America and APAC regions on the MarketAxess platforms has grown from 1.8 billion in 2018 to 3.7 billion in 2022. We believe we can increase our penetration and revenue opportunities in international markets by continuing to invest in creating client relationships abroad. 
 
 6 

Pursue Select Acquisitions and Strategic Alliances 
 We continually evaluate opportunities to supplement our internal growth by entering into strategic alliances, or acquiring businesses or technologies, that we believe will enable us to enter new markets, provide new client segments, new products or services, or otherwise expand our market share in the fixed-income markets that we operate in today. We believe that one of the key drivers of our success to date has been the ability to grow our current product offering. For example, in 2020, we acquired the regulatory reporting business of Deutsche B rse Regulatory Reporting Hub in order to expand the footprint of our post-trade and market data services by adding approximately 500 clients across Europe. In 2021, we acquired MuniBrokers, a central electronic venue serving municipal bond inter-dealer brokers and dealers, in order to expand our existing municipal bond trading solution. In 2022, we made a significant minority investment in RFQ-hub, a bilateral multi-asset and multi-dealer RFQ platform. We also entered into a strategic collaboration on liquid fixed-income indexes, portfolio construction solutions and environmental, social and governance ESG data with MSCI Inc. We expect these transactions to accelerate the growth of our ETF and index businesses. 
 The Fixed-Income Products Available on our Platform 
 We operate in a large and rapidly growing market, which consists of credit and rates fixed-income products. According to the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association SIFMA ), as of September 30, 2022, the most recent date available, there were approximately 10.1 trillion in principal amount of fixed-income securities outstanding in the U.S. corporate market, which reflects a five-year compound annual growth rate of 4.0 . In addition, according to SIFMA, as of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 23.9 trillion in principal amount of fixed-income securities outstanding in the U.S. government bond market, which reflects a five-year compound annual growth rate of 10.6 . During the first nine months of 2022, global long-term new bond issuance aggregated to approximately 1.4 trillion, a decrease of 31.0 as compared to the same period of 2021. 
 Our proprietary technology allows institutional investor and broker-dealer clients to access this market by trading both credit and rates products on our platforms. 
 Our credit products consist of the following areas: 
 U.S. high-grade bonds, which refers to U.S. corporate debt rated BBB- or better by Standard Poor s S P or Baa3 or better by Moody s Investor Service Moody s ); 

U.S. high-yield bonds, which refers to U.S. corporate debt rated lower than BBB- by S P or Baa3 by Moody s; 

Emerging market debt, which we define as U.S. dollar, Euro or local currency denominated bonds issued by sovereign entities or corporations domiciled in a developing country, typically located in Latin America, Asia, or Central and Eastern Europe; 

Eurobonds, which we define generally to consist of bonds intended to be distributed to European investors, primarily bonds issued by European corporations, excluding bonds that are issued by corporations domiciled in an emerging markets country and excluding most government bonds that trade in Europe; 

Municipal bonds, which are debt securities issued by states, cities, counties and other governmental entities in the U.S. to fund day-to-day obligations and to finance a wide variety of public projects, such as highways or water systems, and typically offer interest payments that are exempt from federal income taxation and may be exempt from state income and other taxes; and 

Other credit products, including leveraged loans, which are senior secured commercial facilities provided by a syndicate of lenders for below investment-grade companies (credit rating below BBB- or Baa3). 

Our rates products consist of the following areas: 
 U.S. government bonds, which are government instruments issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury; 

Agency bonds, which are securities issued by a federal government department or by a government-sponsored enterprise, including the Federal National Mortgage Association and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation; and 

Other government bonds, including European government bonds, which are bonds issued by governments of countries in the European Union E.U. and non-E.U. European countries, as well as bonds issued by other supranational organizations, agencies and sovereigns, including the European Commission. 

7 

The six largest product areas available on our platform for the year ended December 31, 2022 were U.S. high-grade, U.S. high-yield, emerging market debt, Eurobonds, municipal bonds and U.S. government bonds. In the chart below, we show the average daily trading volume and the amount of new issuance of such product areas for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, except where indicated: 

Average Daily Trading Volume 
 
 Amount of New Issuance 

2022 

2021 

Change 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

(In billions) 

U.S. high-grade (1) 
 
 25.7 

23.6 

8.9 

1,215.7 

1,379.9 

(11.9) 

U.S. high-yield (1) 
 
 9.5 

9.8 

(3.1) 

106.5 

483.0 

(78.0) 

Emerging market debt (2) 
 
 20.8 

20.4 

2.0 

219.0 

541.0 

(59.5) 

Eurobonds (3) 
 
 9.4 

11.0 

(14.5) 

460.0 

487.0 

(5.5) 

Municipal bonds (4) 
 
 8.4 

4.4 

90.9 

386.6 

481.9 

(19.8) 

U.S. government bonds (5) 
 
 614.3 

624.1 

(1.6) 

16,730.9 

19,511.8 

(14.3) 

(1) 
 For U.S. high-grade and high-yield, average daily trading volume ADTV is as measured by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA Trade Reporting and Compliance Engine TRACE and amount of new issuance is according to J.P. Morgan Markets. 

(2) 
 For emerging markets debt, ADTV is as measured by the Emerging Markets Trade Association and amount of new issuance is according to J.P. Morgan Markets. The amount of new issuance excludes debt issued by emerging market sovereigns, which are included in our definition of emerging markets debt. ADTV is for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the most recent dates available. 

(3) 
 For Eurobonds, ADTV is according to our internal estimates and amount of new issuance is according to J.P. Morgan Markets. 

(4) 
 For municipal bonds, ADTV is as measured by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (the MSRB and amount of new issuance is according to SIFMA. 

(5) 
 For U.S. government bonds, ADTV and the amount of new issuance is according to SIFMA. 

We believe that the current level of electronic trading in our six largest product areas is generally low, creating a long runway for future market share growth. For example, we estimate that the level of electronic trading as a percentage of all means of trading (referred to as electronic market share for U.S. high-grade bonds, U.S. high-yield bonds, municipal bonds, emerging market debt and Eurobonds are approximately 40 , 30 , 15 , 10 and 55 , respectively. U.S. government bonds are further down the path of electronic trading with an estimated electronic market share at approximately 65 . As a comparison, based on third party estimates, the level of electronic market share for U.S. equity options, U.S. Exchange traded cash equities and foreign exchange spots are each over 90 . 
 We plan to leverage our Open Trading functionality to continue to capture additional market share across our core credit markets while increasing our footprint in newer product areas. In the chart below, we show our estimated market share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, of Composite Corporate Bonds, U.S. high-grade bonds, U.S. high-yield bonds, emerging market debt, Eurobonds, municipal bonds and U.S. government bonds. 

Estimated Market Share 

2022 

2021 

Bps Change 

Composite Corporate Bond (1) 
 
 19.9 

18.1 

180 
 
 Bps 

U.S. high-grade 
 
 21.3 

21.0 

30 

U.S. high-yield 
 
 17.9 

15.2 

270 

Emerging market debt (2) 
 
 29.0 

26.8 

220 

Eurobonds 
 
 15.4 

12.1 

330 

Municipal bonds 
 
 4.5 

2.1 

240 

U.S. government bonds 
 
 3.5 

2.6 

90 

(1) 
 Composite corporate bond estimated market share is defined as combined estimated market share across U.S. high-grade (derived from FINRA TRACE reported data), U.S. high-yield (derived from FINRA TRACE reported data), emerging markets (derived from FINRA TRACE-reportable emerging markets volume, principally U.S. dollar denominated corporates) and Eurobonds (derived from MarketAxess TRAX data which is currently estimated to represent approximately 70 of the total European market) product areas. 

(2) 
 Emerging markets estimated market share is calculated using FINRA TRACE-reportable emerging markets trading volume, principally U.S. dollar denominated corporates. 

8 

Our Full Trading Lifecycle Solutions 
 A key principle of our strategy is connecting the most robust network of participants through our full trading lifecycle solution. The diverse trading protocols available on our platforms are complemented by pre-trade intelligent data products and a range of post-trade services. In 2022, 89.3 of our revenues were derived from commissions for transactions executed on our platforms, 5.5 of our revenues were derived from our data products and 5.1 of our revenues were derived from our post-trade services. 
 Diverse Trading Protocols 
 Disclosed Request for Quote 
 Our traditional disclosed RFQ protocol allows our institutional investor clients to simultaneously request competing, executable bids or offers from our dealer clients and execute trades with the dealer of their choice from among those that choose to respond. We are not a counterparty to any of the disclosed RFQ trades that are executed on our platforms between institutional investor clients and dealer clients; rather, our platforms enable them to meet, agree on a price and then execute and settle the transaction directly with each other. The disclosed RFQ protocol is available for transactions in all our product areas and can be used for: 
 multiple-dealer inquiries to over 140 dealers; 

list trading, which is the ability to request bids and offers on up to 60 bonds at the same time; 

portfolio trading, which allows our market participants to transact bond basket trades of up to 2,100 securities in an all-or-none trading protocol with one aggregate price for the portfolio transaction; and 

swap trading, which is the ability to request an offer to purchase one bond and a bid to sell another bond. 

In 2022, over 60.0 of all credit volume on the MarketAxess platform was executed via a form of our disclosed RFQ protocol. 
 Open Trading 
 We offer Open Trading, our all-to-all trading solution, for most of our products and trading protocols. Open Trading complements our disclosed RFQ protocol by increasing the number of potential counterparties through allowing all participants to interact anonymously in an all-to-all trading environment of over 1,700 potential counterparties. We believe the increased liquidity drives meaningful price improvement to our clients and helps reduce liquidity risk in the fixed-income markets in which we participate. Open Trading participants are able to maintain their anonymity from trade initiation all the way through to settlement. Unlike our disclosed RFQ protocol, in connection with our Open Trading protocols, we execute bond transactions between and among institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller in matching back-to-back trades. 
 We currently offer Open Trading protocols in U.S. high-grade bonds, U.S. high-yield bonds, Eurobonds, certain emerging market debt, municipal bonds, U.S. government bonds, agency bonds and other government bonds. Following the introduction of Open Trading on our platforms in 2013, we have continued to build upon the technology to develop more features and services. We now offer several Open Trading protocols, including: 
 Open Trading RFQ, which provides our Open Trading participants with the ability to display requests for bids and offers anonymously to the entire MarketAxess trading community, thereby creating broad visibility of their inquiry among market participants and increasing the likelihood that the request will result in a completed trade. The Open Trading RFQ protocol is typically used simultaneously with a disclosed RFQ, providing the requestor with an increased likelihood of achieving best execution by seeking pricing from a participant s known dealer trading relationships and the Open Trading marketplace at the same time; 

Dealer RFQ, which allows dealers to initiate RFQs to all other dealers or to the entire Open Trading network, is used by our dealer clients to manage risk, source liquidity, and facilitate transactions on behalf of their clients; 

Mid-X sessions, a sessions-based mid-point matching tool that allows broker-dealers to trade against the mid-point price established by Composite+ at a given time instead of bilaterally negotiating a price, which we believe removes some of the pricing challenges inherent in other trading protocols; 

Live Markets, an order book functionality that creates a single view of two-way, actionable prices for the most active corporate bonds and U.S. government bonds, including newly issued debt, benchmark issues and news-driven securities; 

Public Axes , which is an order book-style price discovery process that gives participants the ability to view and execute trades upon anonymous or disclosed indications of interest from the inventory posted on our platforms; and 

Diversity Dealer Initiative, which leverages the liquidity-enhancing features of Open Trading, but also allows institutional investor clients to select minority-, women- and veteran-owned broker-dealers to intermediate the resulting Open Trading transaction. 

In 2022, approximately 35.9 of all eligible credit volume on the MarketAxess platform was executed via Open Trading protocols. 
 9 

Automated Trading Protocols 
 We believe that our automated trading protocols, which allow clients to set eligibility criteria for their orders that our platforms will use to determine whether or not to execute a trade in accordance with the pre-defined parameters, increase trading efficiency and allow traders to focus on higher-value trades. We expect that bond trading velocity will grow in the years ahead due to the increased adoption of trading automation by both broker-dealer and institutional investor participants. 
 We support a large and growing base of dealer market making algorithms. Dealer market making algorithms enhance the liquidity available on our platforms by increasing the number of competitive responses to each RFQ, thereby increasing a participant s likelihood of completing a trade at the best price. In 2022, there were 23.7 million dealer algorithmic responses on our platforms, up 29.2 from 2021. In addition, dealers are increasingly using algorithmic responses to execute larger trades. In 2022, 57.0 of client-to-dealer inquiries for a trade of greater than 5.0 million notional value in U.S. high grade bonds received one or more algorithmic responses, up from 6.6 in 2017. 
 In addition, some of our automation tools include: 
 Auto-X RFQ, which allows clients to automatically execute a request-for-quote using simple variables such as trade size, price and number of respondents. In 2022, Auto-X RFQ represented 18.2 of total trade count and 7.2 of our credit trading volume. 33.0 of Auto-X RFQ trades in 2022 were no touch, meaning such trades were initiated automatically by clients using pre-specified instructions, up from 20.4 in 2021; 

Auto-Responder, which allows clients to automatically respond to requests using either a specified response level or a mid-point price generated by one of our data products; and 

U.S. Treasury Hedging, which automatically provides a U.S. Treasury hedge for trades in credit products available on our platforms. 

In 2022, there were 162 client firms using our automation trading protocols, up 15.7 from 2021. 
 Order and Execution Workflow Solutions 
 We provide order and execution workflow solutions designed to meet the specific needs of our institutional investor and broker-dealer clients. For example, LiquidityBridge , is our execution management system offered to dealers that allows users to manage and facilitate the complex liquidity flows across multiple trading platforms, including the MarketAxess system. LiquidityBridge brings together real-time comparison and execution of bond prices across multiple sectors, allowing users to rapidly react to trading opportunities. In addition, Axess IQ is our order and execution workflow solution designed to meet the needs of the wealth management and private banking community by improving liquidity discovery, execution efficiency and alpha generation for firms with large numbers of individual client orders. 
 Integrated and Actionable Data 
 Timely and accurate data is particularly important in the fixed-income markets where real-time data has traditionally been scarce and transparency has been limited. We offer the following data products and index solutions: 
 Data Products 
 Traders are increasingly using data and machine-learning for pre-trade analytics, automated execution, transaction cost analysis and post-trade solutions. Our data strategy is centered on using our data offerings to support trading activity through our diverse trading protocols and growing our revenues from our commercial data offerings. We believe that our electronic trading platforms allow institutional investors to compile, sort and use information to discover investment opportunities that might have been difficult or impossible to identify using a manual information-gathering process or other electronic services. Our data products are based on the trading activity, completed transactions and trade reporting services that occur on or through our platforms, as well as public sources such as TRACE. 
 10 

Our data products include: 
 Composite+, a pricing algorithm generates near real-time prices for approximately 33,000 corporate and sovereign bonds based on a variety of data inputs, including feeds from our trading platforms, our post-trade services and TRACE. Composite+ is used by clients as a pre-trade reference price to enhance trading outcomes and transaction cost analysis. Composite+ can be combined with our auto-execution service, providing clients with an alert if a response is off market. 

Axess All, the first intra-day trade tape for the European fixed-income market, is sourced from approximately 71,000 bond transactions processed daily by our post-trade services business and includes aggregated volume and pricing for the most actively traded European fixed-income instruments. 

Axess All Prints , which is an enhanced, real-time transacted price service for the most actively traded European fixed-income instruments. 

BondTicker , which provides real-time TRACE data and enhances it with MarketAxess trade data and analytical tools in order to provide professional market participants with a comprehensive set of corporate bond price information with associated analytical tools that are not otherwise available. 

Relative Liquidity Score, a product that provides a defined measurement of the current liquidity for individual bonds and highlights the relative potential ease that a trader can expect when transacting in such instruments. 

Index Solutions 
 To meet the increasing need for passive fixed-income investment strategies, we have also introduced liquid indices powered by real-time data. In 2022, we introduced the MarketAxess U.S. Investment Grade Corporate Bond 400 Index (the MKTX 400 Index ), which is an index constructed to measure the performance of 400 U.S. dollar denominated investment grade corporate bonds with higher-than-average liquidity relative to the broader U.S. corporate bond market. The index utilizes Relative Liquidity Scores and Composite+ in the construction and evaluation processes. State Street Global Advisors has launched an exchange traded fund that seeks to track the MKTX 400 Index. In addition, in 2022, we also announced a strategic collaboration with MSCI Inc. to create co-branded fixed-income indices incorporating our liquidity data. The first of such indices, the MSCI MarketAxess USD HY Tradable Corporate Bond Index, which uses Relative Liquidity Scores to identify and select the liquid fixed-income securities, launched in November 2022. 
 Post-Trade Services 
 We provide trade matching and regulatory reporting services for European investment firms and market and reference data across a range of fixed-income products. In response to the requirements of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive MiFID II in Europe, we have developed a comprehensive suite of value-add solutions, including SensAI, pre-trade transparency services, systematic internaliser SI determination and monitoring, best execution reporting, commodity position reporting, data quality analysis and peer benchmarking. 
 In the E.U. and United Kingdom U.K. ), all firms regulated as investment firms under MiFID II are required to submit complete and accurate details of qualifying transactions to their national regulator no later than the close of the working day following the date of the transaction. This process is known as transaction reporting. Firms may either report directly to their regulator or use an entity that is licensed as an Approved Reporting Mechanism ARM ), such as our subsidiaries in the U.K. and the Netherlands, to validate and submit such reports to their regulator. Our multi-asset class ARM reporting solution allows our clients to report to 23 different European regulators. We have also collaborated with Equilend on a full front-to-back Securities Financing Transactions Regulation SFTR solution to support mutual clients with their SFTR reporting requirements. 
 Under the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation MiFIR ), all regulated investment firms in the U.K. and the E.U. are required to comply with pre- and post-trade transparency requirements pursuant to which quotes and trades must be made public subject to a system of waivers and deferrals. Firms are required to utilize an Approved Publication Arrangement APA ), such as our APAs in the U.K. and the Netherlands, to comply with the post-trade transparency requirement and many firms utilize a third-party provider to satisfy the pre-trade transparency requirement. The MarketAxess transparency and APA trade reporting solutions are available through our Insight platform, offering our clients a pre- and post-trade transparency solution, including APA trade reporting, quote publication, SI determination and instrument liquidity classification. We also offer a commodity position reporting service to assist firms in compliance with the commodity derivative position limit reporting requirements of MiFID II. 
 Trade matching enables counterparties to agree on the terms of a trade shortly after execution, reducing the risk of trade errors and fails during settlement. We provide a near real-time post-trade matching and exception management tool which covers a broad range of securities, including fixed-income and equities. By confirming all economic details within minutes of trade execution, we help our clients to mitigate their operational risk, improve STP and efficiency and address the complexities of MiFID II and the Central Securities Depositories Regulation. 
 MarketAxess has approximately 980 post-trade reporting, post-trade matching and transparency clients, including investment firms, venues and aggregators. In 2020, we acquired Regulatory Reporting Hub, which has helped us expand and improve our services across a broader European client base, predominantly in Germany, France and the Nordics regions. 
 11 

Our Clients 
 Over 2,000 institutional investor and broker-dealer firms are active users of our platforms. Although institutional investors, specialist market-making firms, proprietary trading firms and other non-traditional liquidity providers have increasingly provided liquidity on our platforms through Open Trading, we believe traditional broker-dealers still represent the principal source of secondary market liquidity in the markets in which we operate. Secondary market liquidity refers to the ability of market participants to buy or sell a security quickly and in large volume following the original issuance of the security, without substantially affecting the price of the security. 
 Our Technology 
 Proprietary Technology 
 Our electronic trading platforms are based on a secure and scalable architecture that makes broad use of distributed computing to achieve speed and reliability. Our technology supports the full trading lifecycle and provides clients with end-to-end and customizable connectivity to fixed-income markets. 
 We support the achievement of best execution through technologies such as our all-to-all Open Trading protocols, which increase the number of potential trading counterparties by allowing participants to interact anonymously in an all-to-all trading environment of over 1,700 potential counterparties. We believe this technology enhances our institutional investor clients ability to obtain a competitive price by allowing all Open Trading participants to interact with each other and increases the likelihood of receiving a competitive price response. We estimate that Open Trading generated approximately 945.3 million of price improvement for our clients in 2022. 
 In addition, our clients have access to automated trading technologies, such as Auto-X RFQ and Auto-Responder, which allow clients to set eligibility criteria for their orders that will determine whether a trade is executed on our platforms in accordance with their pre-defined parameters. These automated trading protocols are designed to help increase trading efficiency, freeing traders to focus on more complex or higher-value trades. 
 In addition to services directly related to the execution of trades, MarketAxess offers clients several other pre- and post-trade services. In the pre-trade period, our platforms assist our participants by providing them with value-added services, such as real-time and historical trade price information, liquidity and turnover analytics, bond reference data and trade order matching alerts. Following the execution of a trade, our platforms enable our participants to realize the full benefits of electronic trading and demonstrate best execution, including customization, real-time trade details, STP, account allocations, automated audit trails, regulatory trade reporting, trade detail matching and transaction cost analysis. 
 Technology Team 
 The design and quality of our technology products is supported by a team of approximately 300 full-time technology professionals led by managers with deep market knowledge and fixed-income expertise. This combination of market knowledge and industry expertise allows us to address client demand and to focus on solutions that can be scaled across client sectors, fixed-income classes and trading protocols. Our technology is critical to our growth and our ability to execute our business strategy. 
 Our technology team is focused on: 
 Continuing to evolve our technology platform . We believe that it is imperative that we continue to invest in and evolve our technology in order to continue innovating and delivering new features and protocols to our clients. For example, we increasingly utilize cloud technology to capitalize on innovative tooling, cost savings and improvements to development velocity. 

Investing in resiliency, scale and risk management . We recognize the value of investing in our capacity and risk management capabilities. The MarketAxess platforms are built on industry-standard technologies and have been designed to handle loads that exceed our current trading volume. In addition, all critical server-side components, including networks, application servers and databases, have backup solutions if the main equipment fails. This offers redundant system capacity designed to maximize uptime and minimize the potential for loss of transaction data in the event of an internal failure. We also seek to minimize the impact of external failures by automatically recovering connections in the event of a communications failure. Most of our broker-dealer clients and a significant number of our institutional investor clients have redundant dedicated high-speed communication paths to our network to provide fast data transfer. Our security measures include industry-standard communications encryption. 

Continuing product delivery and improvement of features . Our technology team is always focused on our product development cycle and the improvement of our platforms features. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we delivered approximately 710 unique new business and technical features to our clients. 

12 

Data Security 
 As a global technology company, and a marketplace for fixed-income securities, we view information security as fundamental to our business. Accordingly, we are committed to appropriately securing all of our business operations, including information that we generate in the performance of our services, and data provided to us by third parties. 
 We prioritize security throughout our platforms, operations and software development. We use architectural, design and implementation features to structurally address security risks, such as logical and physical access controls, perimeter firewall protection and embedded security processes in our systems development lifecycle. Our cybersecurity program is based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cyber Security Framework (the Framework and we are ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified, which is a global standard that specifies the requirements for establishing, implementing, maintaining, and continually improving information security management systems. The Framework consists of standards, guidelines and best practices to manage cybersecurity-related risks and promote the protection and resilience of critical infrastructure. Our Global Chief Information Security Officer, who reports directly to our Chief Information Officer and Chief Risk Officer, leads a cybersecurity team in assessing, managing and reducing the relevant risks with a goal of assuring continuous delivery of service. We constantly monitor connectivity and suspect events are escalated to our global risk and management teams. 
 The information security team guides our response during information security incidents. The Company s goal is to restore normal service operation as quickly as possible following an event, provide timely and accurate information to relevant stakeholders regarding such an event and minimize the impact of such an event on our business operations. In addition to the information security team, we have assembled a group of senior members of management and third-party consultants ready to react to an event, should one ever occur. 
 See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Technology, IT Systems and Cybersecurity Risks. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 We are focused on growing our business by delivering sustainable long-term value for our customers, employees, stockholders, and the communities where we live and work. At MarketAxess, our ESG strategy encompasses both corporate and commercial objectives. 
 Corporate ESG Objectives 
 As part of our vision to maximize stakeholder value, we strive to incorporate ESG principles into our business strategies and organizational culture. Our 2021 ESG Report, which can be found on our corporate website (available at https://www.marketaxess.com/sustainability), included the results of the Company's first comprehensive non-financial ESG materiality and prioritization assessment, which identified eighteen key ESG topics and six priority topics critical for MarketAxess to manage and drive long-term business performance and societal impact. In addition, in response to the increasing importance of climate change to the overall global economy and its effect on global credit markets, we responded to the Climate Disclosure Project's Climate Change Questionnaire in July 2022. Please also refer to Human Capital Resources for additional information on our human capital management strategies. 
 Our ESG Reports and CDP questionnaire responses are not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Form 10-K or incorporated into any of our other filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 Commercial ESG Objectives 
 In order to help our institutional investor and broker-dealer clients meet their ESG goals and strategies, we have begun to develop ESG-integrated product offerings. For example, in 2019, we launched our Trading for Trees program, under which five trees are planted by One Tree Planted, our partner charitable organization, for every 1.0 million of green bond trades executed on our platforms. In 2022, 63.3 billion in corporate and municipal green bond trading volume was executed globally on our platforms, an increase of 24.0 from 2021. In the U.S., where public data is available, MarketAxess ranks as the largest electronic corporate and municipal green bond marketplace with an estimated market share of 21.4 in TRACE-reported corporate and municipal green bond volume. 
 In addition, in 2021, we launched the Diversity Dealer Initiative to enable buy side firms to trade more easily with certain minority-, women- and veteran-owned broker-dealers, while still achieving best execution. The Diversity Dealer Initiative leverages our anonymous all-to-all Open Trading marketplace and provides enhanced trading connections by giving institutional investor clients the option to select a diversity dealer to intermediate an Open Trading transaction. 
 13 

Sales and Marketing 
 We promote our products and services using a variety of direct and indirect sales and marketing strategies. Our sales force, which works closely with our product management and technology teams, is responsible for client acquisition activity and the management of ongoing client relationships. Our sales team is also responsible for training and supporting new and existing clients on their use of our platforms and post-trade solutions, including how to optimize their trading performance and efficiency through our various trading protocols. We employ various strategies, including advertising, direct marketing, digital and social media, promotional mailings, and participation in industry conferences and media engagement, to increase awareness of our brand, our trading platforms and our other solutions. For example, we work with The Wall Street Journal to leverage BondTicker data as the source of information for its weekly distressed debt tables. 
 Seasonality 
 Our revenue can be impacted by seasonal effects caused by increased levels of new bond issuance, which often occurs in the first quarter of a year, or slow-downs in trading activity, particularly during the customary holiday periods in August and December. 
 Competition 
 The global fixed-income securities industry generally, and the electronic financial services markets in which we engage in particular, are highly competitive, and we expect competition to intensify in the future. We compete with a broad range of market participants globally. Some of these market participants compete with us in a particular market, while select others compete against the entire spectrum of our platforms and solutions. We believe our competitive position is enhanced by the familiarity and integration of our clients with our electronic trading platforms and other systems. 
 We primarily compete on the basis of our client network, the liquidity provided by our broker-dealer clients, the unique liquidity and the potential for price improvement offered by our Open Trading protocols, the total transaction costs associated with our services, the breadth of products, protocols and services offered, as well as the quality, reliability, security and ease of use of our platforms. We face the following main areas of competition: 
 Bilateral Trading We compete with bond trading business conducted over the telephone, e-mail or instant messaging directly between broker-dealers and their institutional investor clients. Institutional investors have historically purchased fixed-income securities by telephoning or otherwise communicating via e-mail or instant messaging with bond sales professionals at one or more broker-dealers and inquiring about the price and availability of individual bonds. This remains the manner in which the majority of corporate bond volumes are still traded between institutional investors and broker-dealers. 

Other multi-party electronic trading platforms There are numerous other electronic trading platforms currently in existence, including several that have only commenced operations in the last few years. We compete with Tradeweb, Bloomberg, Intercontinental Exchange, Trumid and others in the credit and municipal markets; and Tradeweb, Bloomberg, CME Group (BrokerTec), BGC Partners (Fenics UST) and others in the rates markets. In addition, some broker-dealers and institutional investors operate, or have invested in, proprietary electronic trading systems or information networks that enable institutional investors to trade directly with a broker-dealer, and/or with other institutional investors over an electronic medium. As we expand our business into new products, we will likely come into more direct competition with other electronic trading platforms or firms offering traditional services. 

EMS and OMS Providers There are various providers of execution management services EMS and order management services OMS that have announced plans to offer aggregation of trading venue liquidity, as well as direct-to-dealer fully electronic trading solutions. 

Securities and Futures Exchanges In recent years, exchanges have pursued acquisitions that have put them in competition with us. For example, the London Stock Exchange Group acquired a significant stake in Tradeweb and Intercontinental Exchange acquired BondPoint and TMC Bonds, retail-focused platforms, and IDC, a provider of fixed-income data, in an effort to expand its portfolio of fixed-income products and services. CME Group also operates platforms that compete with us. Exchanges also have data and analytics businesses, which increasingly put their offerings in direct competition with us. 

Market data and information vendors Several large market data and information providers, such as Bloomberg, the London Stock Exchange (Refinitiv), Intercontinental Exchange and S P Global currently have a data and analytics relationship with virtually every institutional firm. Some of these entities currently offer varying forms of electronic trading of fixed-income securities. Some of these entities have announced their intention to expand their electronic trading platforms or to develop new platforms. These entities are currently direct competitors to our information services business and already are or may in the future become direct competitors to our electronic trading platforms. 

Other approved regulatory reporting businesses We compete with other approved regulatory mechanisms in Europe that have ARM and APA designations, such as the London Stock Exchange s UnaVista and Tradeweb, to provide post-trade matching and regulatory transaction reporting and transparency services to European clients. 

14 

We face intense competition, and we expect competition to continue to intensify in the future. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Operating in the Electronic Fixed-Income Trading Markets We face substantial competition that could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely upon a combination of copyright, patent, trade secret and trademark laws, written agreements and common law to protect our proprietary technology, processes and other intellectual property. Our software code, elements of our electronic trading platforms, website and other proprietary materials are protected by copyright laws. We have been issued 13 patents covering significant trading protocols and other aspects of our trading system technology. 
 The written agreements upon which we rely to protect our proprietary technology, processes and intellectual property include agreements designed to protect our trade secrets. Examples of these written agreements include third party nondisclosure agreements, employee nondisclosure and inventions assignment agreements, and agreements with customers, contractors and strategic partners. Other written agreements upon which we rely to protect our proprietary technology, processes and intellectual property take many forms and contain provisions related to patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret rights. 
 We have registered the MarketAxess name and logo for trademark in the U.S., Europe and in other parts of the world. We also have a number of other registered or pending trademarks and service marks globally, including Open Trading , BondTicker , Composite+ , Axess All and Now You re In The Market among others. In addition, we own, or have filed applications for, the rights to trade names, copyrights, domain names and service marks that we use in the marketing of products and services to clients. 
 In addition to our efforts to register our intellectual property, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, new product and service developments, frequent enhancements and reliability with respect to our services are essential to establishing and maintaining a technology and market leadership position. 
 Government Regulation 
 The securities industry and financial markets in the U.S. and elsewhere are subject to extensive regulation. In these jurisdictions, government regulators and self-regulatory organizations oversee the conduct of our business, and have broad powers to promulgate and interpret laws, rules and regulations that may serve to restrict or limit our business. As a matter of public policy, these regulators are charged with safeguarding the integrity of the securities and other financial markets and with protecting the interests of investors participating in those markets. Our active broker-dealer and regulated venue subsidiaries fall within the scope of their regulations. Rulemaking by regulators, including resulting market structure changes, has had an impact on our business by directly affecting our method of operation and, at times, our profitability. 
 As registered broker-dealers, trading venues and other types of regulated entities as described below, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and regulations (including the rules of self-regulatory organizations) that cover all aspects of their business, including manner of operation, system integrity, anti-money laundering and financial crimes, handling of material non-public information, safeguarding data, capital requirements, reporting, record retention, market access, licensing of employees and the conduct of officers, employees and other associated persons. 
 Regulation can impose, and has imposed, obligations on our regulated subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer subsidiary. These increased obligations require the implementation and maintenance of internal practices, procedures and controls, which have increased our costs. Many of our regulators, as well as other governmental authorities, are empowered to bring enforcement actions and to conduct administrative proceedings, examinations, inspections and investigations, which may result in increased compliance costs, penalties, fines, enhanced oversight, increased financial and capital requirements, additional restrictions or limitations, censure, suspension or disqualification of the entity and/or its officers, employees or other associated persons, or other sanctions, such as disgorgement, restitution or the revocation or limitation of regulatory approvals. Whether or not resulting in adverse findings, regulatory proceedings, examinations, inspections and investigations can require substantial expenditures of time and money and can have an adverse impact on a firm s reputation, client relationships and profitability. From time to time, we and our associated persons have been and are subject to routine reviews, none of which to date have had a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. As a result of such reviews, and any future actions or reviews, we may be required to, among other things, amend certain internal structures and frameworks such as our operating procedures, systems and controls. 
 15 

The regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to constant change. We are unable to predict how certain new laws and proposed rules and regulations will be implemented or in what form, or whether any changes to existing laws, rules and regulations, including the interpretation, implementation or enforcement thereof or a relaxation or amendment thereof, will occur in the future. We believe that uncertainty and potential delays around the final form of certain new rules and regulations may negatively impact our clients and trading volumes in certain markets in which we transact, although a relaxation of or the amendment of existing rules and requirements could potentially have a positive impact in certain markets. For example, regulators are speaking more regularly about the benefits of all-to-all trading to promote market resiliency in fixed-income products. While we generally believe the net impact of the laws, rules and regulations may be positive for our business, it is possible that unintended consequences may materially adversely affect us in ways yet to be determined. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks - Our business and the trading businesses of many of our clients are subject to increasingly extensive government and other regulation, which may affect our trading volumes and increase our cost of doing business. 
 U.S. Regulation 
 In the U.S., the SEC is the federal governmental agency primarily responsible for the administration of the federal securities laws, including adopting and enforcing rules and regulations applicable to broker-dealers. Our broker-dealer subsidiary operates an alternative trading system ATS subject to the SEC s Regulation ATS, which includes certain specific requirements and compliance responsibilities in addition to those faced by broker-dealers generally, and an exempt ATS for U.S. government bonds. Broker-dealers are also subject to regulation by state securities administrators in those states in which they conduct business or have registered to do business. We are also subject to the various anti-fraud provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Commodity Exchange Act, certain state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We also may be subject to vicarious and controlling person liability for the activities of our subsidiaries and our officers, employees and affiliated persons. 
 Much of the regulation of broker-dealers operations in the United States has been delegated to self-regulatory organizations. These self-regulatory organizations adopt rules (which are generally subject to approval by the SEC) that govern the operations of broker-dealers and conduct periodic inspections and examinations of their operations. In the case of our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary, the principal self-regulatory organization is FINRA. Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary is subject to both scheduled and unscheduled examinations by the SEC and FINRA. In addition, our broker-dealer s municipal securities-related activities are subject to the rules of the MSRB. 
 The SEC recently conducted a review of the regulatory framework for fixed-income electronic trading platforms for the purpose of evaluating the potential regulatory gaps that may exist among such platforms, including ours, with respect to access to markets, system integrity, surveillance, and transparency, among other things. In January 2022, as a result of this review, the SEC proposed rules that will expand Regulation ATS and Regulation SCI to alternative trading systems (ATS) that trade government securities and amend the SEC rule regarding the definition of an exchange to include Communication Protocol Systems, such as our RFQ protocols. In connection with these proposed rules, we expect that we will have to operate all of our trading protocols in compliance with Regulation ATS. The fixed-income industry is also in the process of complying with Rule 15c2-11 Publication or submission of quotations without specified information of the Exchange Act, which had not previously been applied to debt securities. In November 2022, the SEC issued a no-action letter that delayed the full implementation of Rule 15c2-11 until 2025. It is unknown at this time to what extent new legislation will be passed into law or whether pending or new regulatory proposals will be adopted or modified, or what effect such passage, adoption or modification will have, whether positive or negative, on our industry, our clients or us. 
 Non-U.S. Regulation 
 Outside of the United States, we are currently directly regulated by: the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA in the U.K., De Nederlandsche Bank DNB and the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets AFM in the Netherlands, the European Securities and Markets Authority ESMA in the E.U., the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS ), the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada (the IIROC and provincial regulators in Canada, and the Securities and Exchange Commission and Central Bank in Brazil. We also hold cross-border licenses or permissions to operate in other jurisdictions with other regulatory bodies, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA ), the Securities Futures Commission of Hong Kong, the Australian Securities and Investment Commission in Australia ASIC ), the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority, the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority BaFin ), the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of Luxembourg, the Italian Commissione Nazionale per le Societ e la Borsa Consob ), the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
 The FCA s strategic objective is to ensure that the relevant markets function properly and its operational objectives are to protect consumers, to protect and enhance the integrity of the U.K. financial system and to promote effective competition in the interests of consumers. It has investigative and enforcement powers derived from the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 FSMA and subsequent legislation and regulations. Subject to the FSMA, individuals or companies that seek to acquire or increase their control in a firm that the FCA regulates is required to obtain prior approval from the FCA. 
 16 

A draft U.K. Financial Services and Markets Bill FSMB was tabled to the U.K. Parliament in July 2022, which repeals the financial services framework inherited from the E.U. The FSMB offers the FCA increased regulatory authority, including the power to reform E.U. rules and the ability to devise a new financial services regime, and establishes a new secondary objective to promote economic growth and international competitiveness for the U.K. In December 2022, the FCA published its proposed approach and has invited feedback from industry participants. We currently expect the FSMB to become law during 2023. 
 The securities industry and financial markets in the 27 member states of the E.U. are regulated by the National Competent Authorities in each member state, or with respect to Data Reporting Services Providers DRSPs ), such as our E.U. post-trade business, by ESMA itself. E.U. regulations provide for a cross-border passporting regime , which allows us to provide our regulated services throughout the E.U. in reliance upon our authorization from any E.U. member state or ESMA. As a result of the U.K. s departure from the E.U. in 2020 (commonly referred to as Brexit ), we obtained AFM authorizations for our subsidiaries in the Netherlands and we now provide regulated services to our clients within the E.U. in reliance on the cross-border services passport held by our Dutch subsidiaries. 
 The legal framework in the Netherlands for financial undertakings is predominantly included in the Dutch Financial Supervision Act FSA ). The AFM, like DNB, is an autonomous administrative authority with independent responsibility for fulfilling its supervisory function. Pursuant to the FSA, the AFM authorizes investment firms. The AFM is legally responsible for business supervision. DNB is responsible for prudential supervision. The purpose of prudential supervision is to ensure the solidity of financial undertakings and to contribute to the stability of the financial sector. Holders of a qualifying holding (in short, shareholdings or voting rights of 10 or more) must apply to the DNB for a declaration of no objection and satisfy the applicable requirements of the FSA. 
 In January 2018, the E.U. implemented enhanced rules and regulations targeted at the financial services industry, including MiFID II and MiFIR. MiFID II and MiFIR introduced significant changes to the E.U. and U.K. financial markets that were designed to facilitate more efficient markets and greater transparency for participants by: (i) enhancing pre- and post-trade transparency for fixed-income instruments, (ii) increasing and enhancing post-trade reporting obligations with a requirement to submit post-trade data to ARMs, (iii) improving technology synchronization and best execution and (iv) establishing a consolidated tape for trade data. 
 The effectiveness of the changes introduced pursuant to MiFID II and MiFIR are currently under review by the European Parliament, the European Council and the European Commission. The review is focused on enhancing the transparency and availability of market data, leveling the playing field between execution venues and increasing the global competitiveness of E.U. markets. As part of the MiFIR review, the European Commission has begun the process of establishing the E.U. consolidated tape for all transactions executed on E.U. trading platforms, such as our MTFs. ESMA is expected to select a single consolidated tape provider (the CTP for bonds under its authorization and all trading venues will be obliged to share their trading data with the CTP. We currently expect the selection process for the E.U. CTP for bonds to be completed in 2024. 
 Likewise, the U.K. is also reviewing and amending the MiFID II and MiFIR regime and we expect that such review will introduce similar changes, such as repealing pre-trade transparency for quote driven protocols, simplifying the post-trade transparency regime and introducing a consolidated tape for bonds, during the next twenty-four months. 
 Although MiFID II and MiFIR were intended to help improve the functioning of the E.U. single market by achieving a greater consistency of regulatory standards, Brexit has introduced additional operational complexity as the regulatory standards are diverging between the U.K. and the E.U. In general, MiFID II and MiFIR continue to cause us to expend significantly more compliance, business and technology resources, to incur additional operational costs and has created additional regulatory exposure for our trading and post-trade businesses. While we generally believe the net impact of the rules and regulations, and the ongoing changes has been positive for our businesses, unintended consequences of the rules and regulations (or ongoing amendments thereto) may adversely affect us in ways yet to be determined. In particular, the divergence of the U.K. from the E.U. following Brexit in relation to the future development of MIFID II and MiFIR and other rules and regulations within the financial markets (such as the Central Securities Depository Regulation or the selection of a CTP) may further increase the complexity, operational costs and compliance requirements of our business in the U.K. and E.U. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks - The growing divergence of the U.K. and European Union legal and regulatory requirements following Brexit could materially adversely impact our business, clients, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Capital Requirements 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to jurisdictional specific regulatory capital requirements, designed to maintain the general financial integrity and liquidity of a regulated entity. In general, they require that at least a minimum amount of a regulated entity s assets be kept in relatively liquid form. Failure to maintain required minimum capital may subject a regulated subsidiary to a fine, requirement to cease conducting business, suspension, revocation of registration or expulsion by the applicable regulatory authorities, and ultimately could require the relevant entity s liquidation. 
 In addition, as a result of its self-clearing activities, our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary is required to finance certain transactions, maintain deposits with various clearing organizations and clearing broker-dealers and maintain a special reserve bank account for the benefit of customers pursuant to Rule 15c3-3 of the Exchange Act. These requirements can fluctuate based on trading activity, market volatility or other factors which may impact our liquidity or require us to use our capital resources. 
 17 

Regulatory Status of MarketAxess Entities 
 Our operations span jurisdictions across the Americas, Europe and Asia, and we operate through various regulated entities. The current regulatory status of many of our business entities is described below. We also provide our platforms in other countries pursuant to exemptions from registration under the laws of such countries. 
 Americas 
 MarketAxess Corporation is an SEC registered broker-dealer, a member of FINRA, the MSRB, and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation SIPC ). MarketAxess Corporation is registered as a clearing broker with FINRA. 
 MarketAxess Canada Company is registered as an Alternative Trading System with the Ontario Securities Commission OSC ), the Autorit des March s Financiers AMF ), the British Columbia Securities Commission BCSC and the Alberta Securities Commission ASC and is a member of IIROC. 
 MarketAxess Plataforma de Negociacao Ltda. is authorized through its parent (MarketAxess Holdings Inc.) by Comiss o de Valores Mobili rios CVM and BACEN (Central Bank of Brazil) to provide a system in Brazil for the trading of fixed-income securities by sophisticated institutional investors. 
 MarketAxess Colombia Corporation is registered with the Superintendence of Finance of Colombia SOFC as an Information System. 
 U.K. and Europe 
 MarketAxess Capital Limited is authorized and regulated by the FCA as a MiFID investment firm and acts as a matched principal counterparty for Open Trading transactions. 
 MarketAxess Europe Limited is authorized and regulated by the FCA to operate a multilateral trading facility MTF ), licensed by ASIC to have an Australian Markets License, recognized by FINMA as a foreign trading venue, licensed by BaFin under the German Securities Trading Act, licensed by the Securities Futures Commission of Hong Kong as an Automated Trading Service and licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore as a Recognized Market Operator. In addition, following Brexit, MarketAxess Europe Limited is recognized or licensed on a cross-border basis to provide its services in Italy and Finland and on a temporary cross-border basis in each of Luxembourg, Denmark and Norway. 
 MarketAxess NL B.V. is authorized and regulated by the AFM in the Netherlands as an MTF. MarketAxess NL B.V. may provide cross-border services throughout the 27 member states of the E.U. and EEA countries under the MiFID passport and is approved by FINMA to provide cross-border services into Switzerland as a foreign trading venue, and has a MiFID branch in Germany. 
 MarketAxess Post-Trade NL B.V. is established in the Netherlands and holds a license to operate as a DRSP under the supervision of ESMA, specifically to act as an ARM and APA. MarketAxess Post-Trade NL B.V. may provide cross border services throughout the 27 member states of the E.U. and EEA countries under the MiFID passport, and has a MiFID branch in Germany. 
 MarketAxess Post Trade Limited is authorized and regulated by the FCA as a DRSP for ARM and APA services and as a service company. 
 Asia and Pacific 
 MarketAxess Singapore Pte. Limited is approved by the Monetary Authority of Singapore as a Recognized Market Operator. Additionally, MarketAxess Singapore Pte. Limited is approved on a cross-border basis by FINMA in Switzerland as a foreign trading venue, by Hong Kong as an ATS, by Germany as a foreign market operator, and holds an Australian Markets License from ASIC. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 744 employees, 462 of whom were based in the U.S. and 282 of whom were based outside of the U.S., principally in the U.K. During fiscal year 2022, we increased our number of employees by 68 or 10.1 compared to an increase of 70 or 11.6 , in 2021. None of our employees is represented by a labor union. We consider our relationships with our employees to be good and have not experienced any interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. 
 18 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We believe that a workforce that reflects our society as a whole better serves our clients. As such, we are committed to fostering an equitable environment that attracts and retains a diverse workforce. We continually strive to make our workforce more diverse, inclusive and supportive of all and the Company is committed to improving our diversity at all levels of the organization. As of December 31, 2022, (i) our global workforce was approximately 72.3 men and 27.7 women, and of our U.S. employees, our workforce was approximately 29.9 Asian, 5.2 Black or African American, 7.6 Hispanic or Latinx, 55.4 White and 1.9 identified with another race or ethnicity; (ii) our global management team was approximately 76.9 men and 23.1 women and was approximately 15.4 Asian and 84.6 White; and (iii) our Board of Directors (the Board was approximately 69.2 men and 30.8 women and was approximately 7.7 Asian, 7.7 Black or African American and 84.6 White. 
 We use diverse hiring sources to broaden our candidate pools, including employee referrals, recruitment vendors, postings on diversity job boards, partnering with diverse professional organizations and underrepresented student organizations, and attending various recruiting events. We also focus our diversity recruiting efforts on university campuses. We have been able to further diversify our workforce through our summer intern and graduate hire programs, which represent a spectrum of schools, fields of study, interests and socio-economic backgrounds. During the spring and fall 2022 recruiting season, we hosted MarketAxess informational sessions, coffee chats, networking events, mock interviews, hackathons, and sponsorships focused on women and underrepresented students. We also hosted two pre-identification sophomore programs that serve as an early talent pipeline for internships the following year. These two programs, one focused on women and the other on underrepresented students, are geared towards sophomores interested in the financial technology sector. 
 Human Capital Development 
 Our talent management strategy is focused on attracting, developing and retaining top talent within the Company. The market for qualified staff, especially technology professionals, has become increasingly competitive in our talent markets. Many companies, including both our competitors and firms outside of our industry, are interested in hiring our experienced personnel. We believe that one of the ways we have successfully retained staff at a better rate than the market is through our hybrid work environment and remote opportunities for various technology-related positions. 
 We are committed to positioning MarketAxess for further growth through ongoing talent management, succession planning and the deepening of our leadership bench. In 2022, we identified critical roles throughout the organization and built short- and long-term succession plans for our executive leadership team. We also evaluated the Company s formal learning and development and talent acquisition initiatives in order to ensure that our employees have the skills, capabilities and experience to effectively lead our existing, and future, global business. We believe that these plans will enable us to grow talent from within the Company. 
 In 2022, we increased the level of investment in learning and development for all of our employees. Currently, we offer a customized management training program for new managers and an accelerated leadership program for our more seasoned leaders who we believe may assume broader or more complex roles within the Company in the future. We offer a range of live and on-demand technical, markets-related, product management and professional skills development to all employees globally to enable employees to develop a broad spectrum of skills and continue their career growth at MarketAxess. 
 In 2022, MarketAxess completed our second firm-wide employee engagement survey, in which 86 of our employees participated. Based on their responses, our overall employee engagement measured at 81 , which is consistent with the global averages for financial services and mid-size financial and technology companies as reported by Willis Towers Watson. 
 Employee Health Wellbeing 
 Throughout 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic (the Pandemic had less of an impact on how we manage our business than in the prior two years. Most of our employees have transitioned to a hybrid employment model with an emphasis on safety and employee wellbeing. We continue to monitor the impact of the Pandemic on our communities, including the spread of any variants, and we remain confident that we could continue to maintain business continuity and serve our clients if a return to an all-virtual environment becomes necessary to promote employee and public safety. 
 19 

Company Information 
 MarketAxess was incorporated in Delaware in April 2000. Our internet website address is www.marketaxess.com. Through our internet website, we will make available, free of charge, the following reports as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing them with, or furnishing them to, the SEC: our annual report on Form 10-K; our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; our current reports on Form 8-K; and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our Proxy Statements for our Annual Meetings are also available through our internet website. Our internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You may also obtain copies of our reports without charge by writing to: 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 
 55 Hudson Yards 
 New York, NY 10001 
 Attn: Investor Relations 
 Our Board has standing Audit, Compensation and Talent, Nominating and Corporate Governance, Risk and Finance Committees. Each of these committees has a written charter approved by our Board and our Board has also adopted a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines. Copies of the committee charters and the Corporate Governance Guidelines are also posted on our website. 
 The SEC maintains an internet website that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information that issuers (including the Company) file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s internet website is www.sec.gov. 
 20 

I tem 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties described in more detail in this annual report: 
 Risks Related to Global Economic and Market Conditions 
 Global economic, political and market factors beyond our control could reduce demand for our services, and our profitability and business could suffer. 

Our business and our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely impacted by the outbreak of, and global response to, the Pandemic. 

Our operations, businesses and clients could be materially adversely affected by climate change and we are subject to other ESG risks that could adversely affect our reputation. 

Risks Related to Operating in the Electronic Fixed-Income Trading Markets 
 Decreases in trading volumes in the fixed-income markets generally or on our platforms would harm our business and profitability. 

The industry in which we operate is rapidly evolving. If we are unable to adapt our business effectively to keep pace with industry changes, we may not be able to compete effectively, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We face substantial competition that could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance. 

We are exposed to potential reputational and credibility concerns related to our data products and index business. 

Risks Related to our Future Levels of Business, Profitability and Growth 
 Neither the sustainability of our current level of business nor any future growth can be assured. Even if we do experience growth, we cannot assure you that we will grow profitably. 

We may enter into new fee plans, the impact of which may be difficult to evaluate; past trends in commissions are not necessarily indicative of future commissions. 

As we enter new markets, we may not be able to successfully attract clients and adapt our technology and marketing strategy for use in those markets. 

We may face increasing challenges in our growing international operations that we may not be able to meet in the future. 

Risks Related to our Customer Concentration 
 We are dependent on our broker-dealer clients, who are not restricted from using their own proprietary or third-party platforms to transact with our institutional investor clients. 

We could lose significant sources of revenue and trading volume if we lose any of our significant institutional investor clients. 

Credit and Operational Risks 
 We are exposed to risks in connection with certain transactions in which we act as a matched principal intermediary. 

Self-clearing exposes us to significant operational, liquidity, financing and regulatory risks. 

Economic sanctions levied against states or individuals could expose us to significant operational and regulatory risks. 

Technology, IT Systems and Cybersecurity Risks 
 Rapid market or technological changes may render our technology obsolete or decrease the attractiveness of our products and services to our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients. 

We depend on third-party suppliers for key products and services. 

Our success depends on maintaining the integrity and capacity of our electronic trading platforms, systems and infrastructure. 

Systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events and resulting interruptions in the availability of our trading platforms could materially harm our business and reputation. 

If we experience design defects, errors, failures or delays with our platforms, products or services, including our auto-execution technology and pricing algorithms, our business could suffer serious harm. 

21 

Malicious cyber-attacks, attempted data security breaches, and other adverse events affecting our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses or regulatory penalties. 

Our actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws, regulations, and obligations could harm our business. 

Intellectual Property Risks 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights or technology effectively, which would allow competitors to duplicate or replicate our electronic trading platforms or any of our other current or future functionalities, products or services. This could adversely affect our ability to compete. 

Defending against intellectual property infringement or other claims could be expensive and disruptive to our business. If we are found to infringe the proprietary rights of others, we could be required to redesign our technology, pay royalties or enter into license agreements with third parties. 

Risks Related to Possible Transactions or Investments 
 If we acquire or invest in other businesses, products or technologies, and are unable to integrate them with our business, our financial performance may be impaired or we may not realize the anticipated financial and strategic goals for any such transactions or any strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures, which we may enter into. 

Risks Related to Key Personnel and Employees 
 We are dependent on our management team, and the loss of any key member of this team may prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner. 

Because competition for our employees is intense, we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled employees we need to support our business. 

Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry and we may face restrictions with respect to the way we conduct certain of our operations. 

Our business and the trading businesses of many of our clients are subject to increasingly extensive government and other regulation, which may affect our trading volumes and increase our cost of doing business. 

The growing divergence of the U.K. and European Union legal and regulatory requirements following Brexit could materially adversely impact our business, clients, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The extensive regulation of our business means we have ongoing exposure to potentially significant costs and penalties. 

We are subject to the risks of litigation and securities laws liability. 

Liquidity and Funding Risks 
 We cannot predict our future capital needs or our ability to obtain additional financing if we need it. 

Our credit agreement contains restrictive and financial covenants that could limit our operating flexibility, and we may incur additional debt in the future that may include similar or additional restrictions. 

Risks Related to Global Economic and Market Conditions 
 Global economic, political and market factors beyond our control could reduce demand for our services, and our profitability and business could suffer. 
 The global financial services business is, by its nature, risky and volatile and is directly affected by many national and international factors that are beyond our control, including the Pandemic and Russia's invasion of Ukraine (the Russia-Ukraine War ), each of which created significant volatility in the markets we serve and increased uncertainty and economic disruption. Any one of these factors may cause a substantial decline in the U.S. and/or global financial services markets, resulting in reduced trading volume. These events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include: 
 economic and political conditions in the United States, Europe and elsewhere; 

adverse market conditions, including unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading; 

broad trends in business and finance; 

consolidation or contraction in the number of market participants; 

the current or anticipated impact of climate change, extreme weather events or natural disasters; 

the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, including the Pandemic; 

22 

actual or threatened acts of war or terrorism or other armed hostilities, including the Russia-Ukraine War, as well as international sanctions levied against countries and other parties; 

actual or threatened trade war, including between the United States and China, or other governmental action related to tariffs, international trade agreements or trade policies; 

concerns over, or actual increased levels of, inflation and weakening consumer confidence levels due to a recession (in the United States or globally) or otherwise; 

the availability of cash for investment by mutual funds, exchange traded funds and other wholesale and retail investors; 

the level and volatility of interest rates, the difference between the yields on corporate securities being traded and those on related benchmark securities and foreign currency exchange rates; 

the effect of monetary policy adopted by the Federal Reserve Board or foreign banking authorities, increased capital requirements for banks and other financial institutions, and other regulatory requirements and political impasses; 

credit availability and other liquidity concerns; 

concerns over credit default or bankruptcy of one or more sovereign nations or corporate entities; and 

legislative and regulatory changes, including changes to financial industry regulations and tax laws. 

There have been significant declines in trading volumes in the financial markets generally in the past and there may be similar declines in trading volumes generally or across our platforms in particular in the future. Any one or more of the above factors may contribute to reduced trading volumes. Our revenues and profitability are likely to decline significantly during periods of stagnant economic conditions, low volatility or low trading volume in the U.S. and global financial markets. 
 While we are expanding our businesses to new geographic areas, our business operations have historically been substantially located in the U.S. and the U.K. Due to the concentration of our operations in the U.S. and U.K. we are subject to greater regional risks than those of some of our competitors. 
 Our business and our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely impacted by the outbreak of, and global response to, the Pandemic. 
 The global spread of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has created significant volatility in the markets we serve and has increased uncertainty and economic disruption. The extent to which the Pandemic impacts our business, operations, and financial results is uncertain and will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: 
 the duration and scope of the Pandemic and the effects of new variants; 

governmental and business actions taken in response to the Pandemic, and in response to economic disruption, and the impact of those actions on global economic activity; 

the impact of the economic and business disruptions on the trading needs of our clients and the resulting impact on their demand for our electronic trading platforms and solutions; 

adverse market conditions, including unforeseen market closures, disruptions in trading, significant declines in market and trading volumes, credit availability and other liquidity concerns; and 

our ability to provide our electronic trading platforms and other solutions, including as a result of our employees' health or our employees or our clients employees working remotely and/or closures of offices and facilities. 

As a result of the Pandemic, the global economy has been experiencing a period of significant turmoil and we have experienced significant changes in our daily operations. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Factors Affecting our Industry and our Company Economic, Political and Market Factors. Due to the uncertainty of the duration, scope and severity of the Pandemic, including the effects of new variants, the uncertainty as to what additional governmental measures may yet be taken in response to the Pandemic and the unpredictable effect on our business, our employees and our clients, we are not able to reasonably estimate the extent of any potential future impact of the Pandemic on our financial condition or results of operations, but the impact could be material. Even after the Pandemic has subsided, our business may continue to be impacted as a result of the Pandemic s global economic impact. Further, our operating and financial results may be affected in a manner that is not presently known to us or in a manner that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations given the continuously evolving nature of the Pandemic. 
 23 

Our operations, businesses and clients could be materially adversely affected by climate change and we are subject to other ESG risks that could adversely affect our reputation. 
 There is increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. The physical risks of climate change include rising average global temperatures, rising sea levels and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, including floods, wildfires, hurricanes and tornadoes. The impact of such events could increase because of the geographical concentration of our operations and personnel in certain areas of the U.S. Any of our primary locations or those of third parties on which we rely may be vulnerable to the adverse physical effects of climate change, which could result in risk of loss incurred as a result of physical damage, power outages, or business interruption caused by such events. 
 In addition, governments, investors, employees, customers, and the general public are increasingly focused on ESG practices and disclosures. For example, certain investors are beginning to incorporate the business risks of climate change and the adequacy of companies responses to climate change and other ESG matters as part of their investment theses and policies. Our reputation could be adversely impacted by our sustainability practices and ESG disclosures or investor perceptions thereof, including if we fail to establish measurable environmental goals or subsequently fail to meet any such goals. Any negative publicity we receive regarding ESG, low ESG scores or ratings, or shifts in investing priorities may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock or our business, operations and earnings if investors, employees, customers, or other stakeholders determine that we have not adequately considered or addressed ESG matters. In addition, if the Company does not adapt to or comply with new regulations or fails to meet the ESG goals under its strategy or evolving investor, industry or stakeholder expectations and standards, or if the Company is perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, these or other climate changes could lead to increased operating costs or capital expenses. 
 Risks Related to Operating in the Electronic Fixed-Income Trading Markets 
 Decreases in trading volumes in the fixed-income markets generally or on our platforms would harm our business and profitability. 
 We have experienced significant decreases in overall market volumes in the past and may experience similar decreases in market volumes in the future. Declines in the overall volume of fixed-income securities trading and in market liquidity generally, as well as declines in interest rate volatility, could result in lower revenues from commissions for trades executed on our electronic trading platforms and fees generated from related activities. 
 Likewise, decreases in our share of the segments of the fixed-income trading markets in which we operate, or shifts in trading volume to segments of clients which we have not penetrated, could result in lower trading volume on our platforms and, consequently, lower commissions and revenue. During periods of increased volatility in credit markets, the use of electronic trading platforms by market participants may decrease dramatically as institutional investors may seek to obtain additional information during the trade process through conversations with broker-dealers. In addition, during rapidly moving markets, broker-dealers are less likely to post prices electronically. Our market share of the fixed-income trading markets is also impacted by a variety of other factors, including the amount of new issuances of corporate debt, the level of bond fund inflows or outflows, the percentage of volumes comprised of Rule 144A transactions, the percentage of volumes comprised of larger trades known as block trades , the level of credit spreads and credit volatility and whether the prevalent market environment is an offer wanted or bid wanted environment. 
 A decline in overall market volumes, trading volumes on our platforms or our platforms market share for any reason would negatively affect our commission revenue and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The industry in which we operate is rapidly evolving. If we are unable to adapt our business effectively to keep pace with industry changes, we may not be able to compete effectively, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The electronic financial services industry is characterized by rapidly changing and increasingly complex technologies and systems, changing and increasingly sophisticated client demands (including access to new technologies, functionalities and markets), frequent technology and service introductions, evolving industry standards, changing regulatory requirements and new business models. If we are not able to keep pace with changing market conditions or client demands and if our competitors release new functionality or technology before we do, our existing platforms, solutions and technologies may become obsolete or our competitive position may be materially harmed, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Operating in a rapidly evolving industry involves a high degree of risk and our future success depends in part on our ability to: 
 attract and retain market participants on our platforms on a cost-effective basis; 

expand and enhance reliable and cost-effective product and service offerings for our clients; 

develop and introduce new features to, and new versions of, our electronic trading platforms; 

respond effectively to competitive pressures; 

24 

respond effectively to the loss of any of our significant broker-dealer or institutional investor clients, including due to merger, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation or other cause (including, among other things, the collection of any amounts due from such clients); 

operate, support, expand and develop our operations, technology, website, software, communications and other systems; 

defend our trading platforms and other systems from cybersecurity threats; and 

respond to regulatory changes or demands. 

If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks or in executing our business strategy, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
 We face substantial competition that could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance. 
 The fixed-income securities industry generally, and the electronic financial services markets in which we operate in particular, are highly competitive, and we expect competition to intensify in the future. Within our markets, we compete based on our ability to provide our clients with deep liquidity, a broad network of market participants, a wide range of products and protocols, and comprehensive pre-trade, trade and post-trade functionality, as well as the reliability, security and ease of use of our electronic platforms and solutions, among other factors. We primarily compete with other electronic trading platforms and trading businesses conducted directly between broker-dealers and their institutional investor clients over the telephone, email or instant messaging. Our current and prospective competitors are numerous and include: (1) other multi-party electronic trading platforms; (2) EMS and OMS Providers; (3) securities and futures exchanges; (4) market data and information vendors; (5) technology, software, and information services or other companies that have existing commercial relationships with broker-dealers or institutional investors; and (6) other approved regulatory reporting businesses. 
 Many of our current and potential competitors are more established and substantially larger than we are and have substantially greater market presence, as well as greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources. These competitors may aggressively reduce their pricing to enter into, or otherwise compete in, market segments in which we provide services, potentially subsidizing any losses with profits from trading in other fixed-income or equity securities or other business operations. In addition, many of our competitors offer a wider range of services, have broader name recognition and have larger customer bases than we do. Some of them may be able to respond more quickly to new or evolving opportunities, technologies and client requirements than we can and may be able to undertake more extensive promotional activities. 
 Competition in the markets in which we operate has intensified due to consolidation, which has resulted in increasingly large and sophisticated competitors. In recent years, our competitors have made acquisitions and/or entered into joint ventures and consortia to improve the competitiveness of their electronic trading offerings. If, as a result of industry consolidation, our competitors are able to offer lower cost and/or a wider range of trading venues and solutions, obtain more favorable terms from third-party providers or otherwise take actions that could increase their market share, our competitive position and therefore our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our operations also include the sale of pre- and post-trade services, analytics and market data and index services. There is a high degree of competition among market data and information vendors in solutions for pre- and post-trade data, analytics and reporting, and such businesses may become more competitive in the future as new competitors emerge. Some of these companies are already in or may enter the electronic trading business. Accordingly, some of our competitors may be able to combine use of their electronic trading platforms with complementary access to market data and analytical tools and/or leverage relationships with existing clients to obtain additional business from such clients, which could preempt use of our platforms or solutions. For example, Bloomberg, Refinitiv and Intercontinental Exchange own trading platforms that compete with ours and also have a data and analytics relationships with the vast majority of institutional, wholesale and retail market participants. If we are not able to compete successfully in this area in the future, our revenues could be adversely impacted and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. 
 We are exposed to potential reputational and credibility concerns related to our data products and index business. 
 To the extent that our data or index business, or the Company as a whole, suffers a reputational or credibility loss, it could have a material adverse impact on our business. Real or perceived factors that may affect our reputation or credibility include: the appearance of a conflict of interest; the independence of our index composition; the influence of third parties on our decisions; the performance of companies relative to their index inclusion; the timing and nature of changes to our indexes; disagreement with our methodologies or models, including for calculating indexes as well as our data, information and analysis; and the accuracy and completeness of our data, information and analytics. Damage to our reputation, brand or credibility could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 25 

Risks Related to our Future Levels of Business, Profitability and Growth 
 Neither the sustainability of our current level of business nor any future growth can be assured. Even if we do experience growth, we cannot assure you that we will grow profitably. 
 The success of our business strategy depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and expand the network of market participants that use our electronic trading platforms. Our business strategy also depends on increasing the use of our platforms by these participants for a wide range of fixed-income products and trade sizes. Individuals at broker-dealers or institutional investors may have conflicting interests, which may discourage their use of our platforms. We cannot assure you that the growth rates for the use of our electronic trading services that we have experienced in recent years will continue. 
 Our growth may also be dependent on our ability to diversify our revenue base. We currently derive approximately 40.2 of our revenues from secondary trading in U.S. high-grade corporate bonds. Our long-term business strategy includes expanding our service offerings and increasing our revenues from other fixed-income products and other sources. We cannot assure you that our efforts will be successful or result in increased revenues or continued profitability. In recent years, we have experienced significant growth in trading volumes, revenues and profitability. We cannot assure you that our business will continue to grow at a similar rate, if at all. 
 We may enter into new fee plans, the impact of which may be difficult to evaluate; past trends in commissions are not necessarily indicative of future commissions. 
 From time to time, we may introduce new fee plans for the market segments in which we operate. Any new fee plan may include different fee structures or provide volume incentives. We cannot assure you that any new fee plans will result in an increase in the volume of transactions executed over our platforms or that our revenues will increase as a result of the implementation of any such fee plans. It is possible that our broker-dealer or institutional investor clients could respond to a new fee plan by either reducing the amount of their business conducted on our platforms or terminating their contractual relationship with us, which could have an adverse impact on our fees and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, under certain of our fee plans, our fees are designated in basis points in yield (and, as a result, are subject to fluctuation depending on the duration of the bond traded) or our fees vary based on trade size or maturity. For example, during 2022, a significant rise in corporate bond yields contributed to a decrease in the duration of the bonds traded on our platforms, which had a negative effect on our average credit variable transaction fee per million. We anticipate that our average fees per million may continue to vary in the future due to changes in yield, years-to-maturity and nominal size of bonds traded on our platforms. Consequently, past trends in commissions are not necessarily indicative of future commissions. 
 As we enter new markets, we may not be able to successfully attract clients and adapt our technology and marketing strategy for use in those markets. 
 Our strategy includes leveraging our electronic trading platforms to enter new markets, including new asset classes, products and geographies, including markets where we have little or no operating experience. We may have difficulties identifying and entering into new markets due to established competitors, lack of recognition of our brand and lack of acceptance of our platforms and solutions, as has occurred with certain of our initiatives in the past. 
 Expansion, particularly in new geographic markets, may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time. In particular, we may need to make additional investments in management and new personnel, infrastructure and compliance systems. Furthermore, our expansion efforts may divert management s attention or inefficiently utilize our resources. If we are not able to manage our expansion effectively, our expansion costs could increase at a faster rate than our revenues from these new markets. If we cannot successfully implement the necessary processes to support and manage our expansion, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully adapt our proprietary software and technology for use in any new markets. Even if we do adapt our products, services and technologies, we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract clients to our platforms and compete successfully in any such new markets. We cannot assure you that our marketing efforts or our pursuit of any of these opportunities will be successful. If these efforts are not successful, we may realize less than expected earnings, which in turn could result in a decrease in the market value of our common stock. 
 26 

We may face increasing challenges in our growing international operations that we may not be able to meet in the future. 
 We operate electronic trading platforms in Europe, Latin America and Asia and we may further expand our operations throughout these and other regions. We have invested significant resources in our foreign operations and the increasing globalization of our platforms and services. However, there are certain risks inherent in doing business in international markets. These risks include: 
 difficulty in obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals for planned expansion, if at all, and the possibility that any approvals that are obtained may impose restrictions on the operation of our business; 

the inability to manage and coordinate the various regulatory requirements of multiple jurisdictions that are constantly evolving and subject to unexpected change; 

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including as a result of Brexit, our access to, and our ability to compete for and hire, skilled employees in both the U.K. and the E.U.; 

less developed technological infrastructures and generally higher costs, which could result in lower client acceptance of our services or clients having difficulty accessing our trading platforms; 

fluctuations in exchange rates; 

reduced or no protection for intellectual property rights; 

seasonal reductions in business activity; and 

potentially adverse tax consequences. 

Further, we may face unexpected challenges in our international operations due to global competitors, established local markets, and economic and political instability. Our inability to manage these risks effectively could adversely affect our business and limit our ability to expand our international operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to our Customer Concentration 
 We are dependent on our broker-dealer clients, who are not restricted from using their own proprietary or third-party platforms to transact with our institutional investor clients. 
 We rely on our broker-dealer clients to provide liquidity on our electronic trading platforms by posting prices for bonds in their inventory and responding to institutional investor client inquiries. The contractual obligations of our broker-dealer clients to us are minimal, non-exclusive and terminable by such clients. Our broker-dealer clients buy and sell fixed-income securities through traditional methods, including by telephone, e-mail and instant messaging, and through other electronic trading platforms. Some of our broker-dealer clients have developed electronic trading networks that compete with us or have announced their intention to explore the development of such electronic trading networks, and many of our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients are involved in other ventures, including other electronic trading platforms or other distribution channels, as trading participants and/or as investors. These competing trading platforms may offer some features that we do not currently offer. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that such broker-dealers primary commitments will not be to one of our competitors. 
 If bank-affiliated entities reduce their trading activity and that activity is not replaced by other market participants, the level of liquidity and pricing available on our trading platforms would be negatively impacted, which could adversely affect our operating results. Over the past several years, there has been significant consolidation among firms in the banking and financial services industries and several of our large broker-dealer clients have reduced their sales and trading businesses in fixed-income products. Further consolidation, instability, and layoffs in the financial services industry could result in a smaller client base and heightened competition, which may lower volumes. 
 Any reduction in the use of our electronic trading platforms by our broker-dealer clients could reduce the volume of trading on our platforms, which could, in turn, reduce the use of our platforms by our institutional investor clients. The occurrence of any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could lose significant sources of revenue and trading volume if we lose any of our significant institutional investor clients. 
 We rely on our institutional investor clients to launch inquiries over our trading platforms and, increasingly, to provide liquidity through our Open Trading protocols. A limited number of such clients can account for a significant portion of our trading volume. The obligations of our institutional investor clients to us under our standard contractual agreements are minimal, non-exclusive and terminable by such clients. Our institutional investor clients also buy and sell fixed-income securities through traditional methods, including by telephone, e-mail and instant messaging, and through other electronic trading platforms. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain our major institutional investor clients or that such clients will continue to use our trading platform. The loss of a major institutional investor client or any reduction in the use of our electronic trading platforms by such clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 27 

Credit and Operational Risks 
 We are exposed to risks in connection with certain transactions in which we act as a matched principal intermediary. 
 In connection with our Open Trading protocols, we execute certain bond transactions between and among institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller in trades which are then settled by us or through a third-party clearing broker. Settlement typically occurs within one to two trading days after the trade date. Cash settlement of the transaction occurs upon receipt or delivery of the underlying instrument that was traded. 
 We are exposed to credit and performance risks in our role as matched principal trading counterparty to the clients on our platforms, including the risk that counterparties that owe us money or securities will not perform their obligations. These parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. Adverse movements in the prices of securities that are the subject of these transactions can increase our risk. In connection with Open Trading or other anonymous protocols, we expect that the number of transactions in which we act as a matched principal will increase. 
 In the process of executing matched principal transactions, miscommunications and other errors by our clients or us can arise that involve substantial risks of liability. These risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes over the terms of a trade, the settlement of the trade, or claims that we resolved an error trade dispute incorrectly or that a system malfunction or delay caused monetary loss to a client. In addition, because of the ease and speed with which trades can be executed on our electronic platforms, clients can lose substantial amounts by inadvertently entering trade instructions or by entering trade orders inaccurately. A significant error trade or a large number of error trades could result in participant dissatisfaction and a decline in participant willingness to trade on our platforms. Although we maintain error trade policies designed to protect our anonymous trading participants and enable us to manage the risks attendant in acting as a matched principal counterparty, depending on the cause, number and value of the trades that are the subject of an alleged error or dispute, such trades have the potential to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if we are required to hold a securities position as a result of an error, there may also be financing costs or regulatory capital charges required to be taken by us. 
 We have policies, procedures and automated controls in place to identify and manage our credit risk, though there can be no assurance that they will effectively mitigate our credit risk exposure. Some of our risk management procedures are reliant upon the evaluation of information regarding the fixed-income markets, our clients or other relevant matters that are publicly available or otherwise acquired from third party sources. Such information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly assessed and interpreted by us. If our risk management procedures fail, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, our insurance policies are unlikely to provide coverage for such risks. 
 Self-clearing exposes us to significant operational, liquidity, financing and regulatory risks. 
 We self-clear substantially all of our bond transactions for our U.S. operations and we may expand self-clearing to certain of our foreign operations in the future. Self-clearing requires us to finance transactions and maintain margin deposits at clearing organizations. Self-clearing exposes our business to operational risks, including business and technology disruption; operational inefficiencies; liquidity, financing and regulatory risks; and potentially increased expenses. In connection with our conversion to self-clearing for our U.S. operations in 2020, we experienced operational inefficiencies and technology issues which, in combination with the capital and liquidity requirements that are imposed on all new self-clearing members, resulted in increased fail rates in the immediate period following the conversion. Although the initial conversion issues for our U.S. clearing operations have been resolved, in the future, we may encounter difficulties with self-clearing that lead to operating inefficiencies, technology issues, dissatisfaction amongst our client base, disruption in the infrastructure that supports the business, inadequate liquidity, increased margin requirements with clearing organizations and third-party settlement agents who provide financing with respect to transactions, reductions in available borrowing capacity and financial loss. Any such delay, disruption, expense or failure could adversely affect our ability to effect transactions and manage our exposure to risk. Moreover, any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Economic sanctions levied against states or individuals could expose us to significant operational and regulatory risks. 
 In February 2022, following the onset of the Russia-Ukraine War, the U.S., the U.K., and the European Union, among others, adopted sanctions that, in various ways, prohibited transactions with numerous Russian entities, including major Russian banks, and individuals; limited transactions in Russian sovereign debt; and constrained investment, trade and financing to, from or in certain regions of Ukraine. We did not incur any material losses on trades that were unsettled at the time sanctions were imposed and our business has not otherwise been materially affected by the recent sanctions. To the extent the sanctions are further expanded or the ongoing war, sanctions, or geopolitical tensions have further adverse effects on the global economy or the participants on our platforms, our financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 28 

Technology, IT Systems and Cybersecurity Risks 
 Rapid market or technological changes may render our technology obsolete or decrease the attractiveness of our products and services to our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients. 
 We must continue to enhance and improve our electronic trading platforms. The electronic financial services industry is characterized by significant structural changes, increasingly complex systems and infrastructures, changes in clients needs and preferences, constant competition and new business models. If new industry standards and practices emerge and our competitors release new technology before us, our existing technology, systems and electronic trading platforms may become obsolete or our existing business may be harmed. Our future success will depend on our ability to: (1) enhance our existing products and services; (2) develop and/or license new products and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients and prospective clients; (3) continue to attract highly-skilled technology personnel; and (4) respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. 
 Developing our electronic trading platforms and other technology entails significant technical and business risks. We may use new technologies ineffectively or we may fail to adapt our electronic trading platforms, information databases and network infrastructure to broker-dealer or institutional investor client requirements or emerging industry or regulatory standards. If we face material delays in introducing new services, products and enhancements, our clients may forego the use of our platforms and use those of our competitors. 
 Further, the adoption of new internet, networking, cloud, telecommunications or blockchain technologies may require us to devote substantial resources to modify and adapt our services. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our proprietary technology and transaction-processing systems to client requirements or emerging industry or regulatory standards. We cannot assure you that we will be able to respond in a timely manner to changing market conditions or client requirements. 
 We depend on third-party suppliers for key products and services. 
 We rely on a number of third parties to supply elements of our trading, information and other systems, as well as computers and other equipment, and related support and maintenance. We cannot assure you that any of these providers will be willing and/or able to continue to provide these services in an efficient, cost-effective manner, if at all, or that they will be able to adequately expand their services to meet our needs. If we are unable to make alternative arrangements for the supply of critical products or services in the event of a malfunction of a product or an interruption in or the cessation of service by an existing service provider, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 In particular, we depend on third-party vendors for our bond reference databases, the clearing and settlement of certain of our Open Trading transactions and to provide the technology underpinning key portions of our MarketAxess Rates platform. We obtain essential reference data and information services from external sources, including data received from certain competitors, clients, self-regulatory organizations, rating agencies and other third-party data providers. Our reference data sources and information providers could increase the price for or withdraw their data or information services for a variety of reasons. Further, as has occurred in the past, our competitors could revise the current terms on which they provide us with data or information services or could cease providing us with data or information services altogether for a variety of reasons, including competition. Disruptions in the services provided by those third-parties to us, including as a result of their inability or unwillingness to continue to license products or provide technology services that are critical to the success of our business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We also rely, and expect in the future to continue to rely, on third parties for various computer and communications systems and services, such as telephone companies, online service providers, data processors, cloud computing and data centers, software and hardware vendors. Any interruption in these or other third-party services or deterioration in their performance could impair the quality of our service. We cannot be certain of the financial viability of all of the third parties on which we rely. 
 We license software from third parties, much of which is integral to our electronic trading platform and our business. We also hire contractors to assist in the development, quality assurance testing and maintenance of our electronic trading platform and other systems. Continued access to these licensors and contractors on favorable contract terms or access to alternative software and information technology contractors is important to our operations. Adverse changes in any of these relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We attempt to negotiate favorable pricing, service, confidentiality and intellectual property ownership or licensing and other terms in our contracts with our third-party service providers. These contracts usually have multi-year terms. However, there is no guarantee that these contracts will not terminate and that we will be able to negotiate successor agreements or agreements with alternate service providers on competitive terms. Further, the existing agreements may bind us for a period of time to terms and technology that become obsolete as our industry and our competitors advance their own operations and use of technology. 
 29 

Our success depends on maintaining the integrity and capacity of our electronic trading platforms, systems and infrastructure. 
 In order to be successful, we must provide reliable, secure, real-time access to our electronic trading platforms for our clients. If our trading platforms cannot cope, or expand to cope, with demand, or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience disruptions in service, slow delivery times and insufficient capacity. These consequences could result in our clients deciding to stop using or reduce their use of our platforms, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As our operations grow in both size and scope, we will need to continually improve and upgrade our electronic trading platforms and infrastructure to accommodate potential increases in order message volume and trading volume, the trading practices of new and existing clients, regulatory changes and the development of new and enhanced trading platform features, functionalities and ancillary products and services. The expansion of our electronic trading platforms and infrastructure has required, and will continue to require, substantial financial, operational and technical resources. These resources will typically need to be committed well in advance of any actual increase in trading volumes and order messages. We cannot assure you that our estimates of future trading volumes and order messages will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volumes and order messages without failure or degradation of performance. Furthermore, we use new technologies to upgrade our established systems, and the development of these new technologies also entails technical, financial and business risks. We cannot assure you that we will successfully implement new technologies or adapt our existing electronic trading platforms, technology and systems to the requirements of our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients or to emerging industry standards. The inability of our electronic trading platforms to accommodate increasing trading volume and order messages would also constrain our ability to expand our business. 
 Systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events and resulting interruptions in the availability of our trading platforms could materially harm our business and reputation. 
 Our business depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our trading platforms, systems, networks and infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we, or our third-party providers, will not experience systems failures or business interruptions, as has occurred in the past. Our systems, networks, infrastructure and other operations, in particular our trading platforms, are vulnerable to impact or interruption from a wide variety of causes, including: irregular or heavy use of our trading platforms during peak trading times or at times of increased market volatility; power, internet or telecommunications failures; hardware failures or software errors; human error, acts of vandalism or sabotage; catastrophic events, including those that are occurring with increasing frequency due to climate change such as natural disasters and extreme weather events; acts of war or terrorism; malicious cyberattacks or cyber incidents, such as unauthorized access, ransomware, loss or destruction of data, computer viruses or other malicious code; and the loss or failure of systems over which we have no control, such as loss of support services from critical third-party providers. In addition, we may also face significant increases in our use of power and data storage and may experience a shortage of capacity and/or increased costs associated with such usage. 
 Failures of, or significant interruptions, delays or disruptions to, or security breaches affecting, our systems, networks or infrastructure have in the past, and could in the future, result in: disruption to our operations, including disruptions in service to our clients; slower response times; distribution of untimely or inaccurate market data to clients who rely on this data for their trades; delays in trade execution; incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades; significant expense to repair, replace or remediate systems, networks or infrastructure; financial losses and liabilities to clients; loss of clients; legal or regulatory claims, proceedings, penalties or fines. Any system failure or significant interruption, delay or disruption in our operations, or decreases in the responsiveness of our platforms, could materially harm our reputation and business and lead our clients to decrease or cease their use of our platforms. We internally support and maintain many of our systems and networks, including those underlying our trading platforms; however, we may not have sufficient personnel to properly respond to all systems, networks or infrastructure problems. Our failure to monitor or maintain our systems, networks and infrastructure, including those maintained or supported by our third-party providers, or to find a replacement for defective or obsolete components within our systems, networks and infrastructure in a timely and cost-effective manner when necessary, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we generally have disaster recovery and business continuity plans that utilize industry standards and best practices for much of our business, including redundant systems, networks, computer software and hardware and data centers to address interruption to our normal course of business, our systems, networks and infrastructure may not always be fully redundant and our disaster recovery and business continuity plans may not always be sufficient or effective. Similarly, although some contracts with our third-party providers, such as our hosting facility providers, require adequate disaster recovery or business continuity capabilities, we cannot be certain that these will be adequate or implemented properly. Our disaster recovery and business continuity plans are heavily reliant on the availability of the internet and mobile phone technology, so any disruption of those systems would likely affect our ability to recover promptly from a crisis situation. If we are unable to execute our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, or if our plans prove insufficient for a particular situation or take longer than expected to implement in a crisis situation, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur. 
 30 

If we experience design defects, errors, failures or delays with our platforms, products or services, including our auto-execution technology and pricing algorithms, our business could suffer serious harm. 
 Our platforms, products and services, including our auto-execution technology and pricing algorithms, may and have, from time to time, contained design defects and errors when first introduced or when new updates or enhancements are released. In our development of new protocols, platform features and updates and enhancements to our existing platforms, products and services, including our auto-execution technology and pricing algorithms, we may make a design error that causes the platform, protocol or feature to operate incorrectly or less effectively. Many of our protocols also rely on data and services provided by third-party providers over which we have limited or no control and may be provided to us with defects, errors or failures. Our clients may also use our platforms, products or services together with their own software, data or products from other companies. As a result, when problems occur, it might be difficult to identify their source. 
 If design defects, errors or failures are discovered in our current or future platforms or protocols, we may not be able to correct or work around them in a cost-effective or timely manner or at all. The existence of design defects, errors, failures or delays that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could also result in rejection or delay in market acceptance of our platforms or protocols, damage to our reputation, loss of clients and related revenues, diversion of resources, product liability claims, regulatory actions or increases in costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Malicious cyber-attacks, attempted data security breaches, and other adverse events affecting our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses or regulatory penalties. 
 The operation of our electronic trading platforms relies on the secure processing, storage and transmission of a large amount of transactional data and other confidential sensitive data (including confidential client and personal information). Our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data (including confidential and personal customer information), ransomware, unavailability or disruption of service, computer viruses, acts of vandalism, or other malicious code, cyber-attack and other adverse events that could have an adverse security impact. 
 Despite the defensive measures we have taken, we have been, and will continue to be, subject to attacks and attempted data security breaches, which may come from external factors such as governments, organized crime, hackers, and other third parties such as infrastructure-support providers and application developers, or may originate internally from an employee or service provider to whom we have granted access to our computer systems. If our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to trading or other confidential or personal information, our reputation could be damaged, our business would suffer and we could incur material liability. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage computer systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. 
 Our business also depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our platforms, systems, networks and infrastructure. Any failure of, or significant interruption, delay or disruption to, our systems, networks or infrastructure due to a ransomware attack or other cyber-attack could result in: disruption to our operations, including disruptions in service to our clients; slower response times; distribution of untimely or inaccurate market data to clients who rely on this data for their trades; delays in trade execution; incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades; significant expense to repair, replace or remediate systems, networks or infrastructure; financial losses and liabilities to clients; loss of clients; legal or regulatory claims, proceedings, penalties or fines. We also face the risk of operational disruption, failure or capacity constraints of any of the third-party service providers that facilitate our business activities, including clients, clearing agents and trading system software, network or data providers. Such parties could also be the source of a cyber-attack on or breach of our operational systems, data or infrastructure. In addition, despite the re-opening of our offices, the increased flexibility for our employees to continue to work remotely has amplified certain risks related to, among other things, the increased demand on our information technology resources and systems, the increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and the increased number of points of possible attack, such as laptops and mobile devices (both of which are now being used in increased numbers), to be secured. Any system failure or significant interruption, delay or disruption in our operations, or decreases in the responsiveness of our platforms, could materially harm our reputation and business and lead our clients to decrease or cease their use of our trading platform. 
 31 

There have been an increasing number of cyber-attacks in recent years in various industries, including ours, and cybersecurity risk management has been the subject of increasing focus by our regulators. Our regulators in recent years have increased their examination and enforcement focus on matters relating to cybersecurity threats, including the assessment of firms vulnerability to cyber-attacks. In particular, regulatory concerns have been raised about firms establishing effective cybersecurity governance and risk management policies, practices and procedures; protecting firm networks and information; identifying and addressing risks associated with clients, vendors, and other third parties; preventing and detecting unauthorized activities; adopting effective mitigation and business continuity plans to address the impact of cybersecurity breaches; and establishing protocols for reporting cybersecurity incidents. Any insurance that we may have that covers a specific cybersecurity incident would not protect us from the effects of adverse regulatory actions that may result from the incident or a finding that we had inadequate cybersecurity controls, including the reputational harm that could result from such regulatory actions. 
 Our remediation costs and lost revenues could be significant if we fall victim to a cyber-attack. If an actual, threatened or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and could cause our clients to reduce or stop their use of our electronic trading platforms. We may be required to expend significant resources to repair system damage, pay a ransom, protect against the threat of future security breaches or to alleviate problems, including reputational harm, loss of clients and revenues and litigation, caused by any breaches. We may be found liable to our clients for any misappropriated confidential or personal information. Although we intend to continue to implement industry-standard security measures, we cannot assure you that those measures will be sufficient. 
 Our actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws, regulations, and obligations could harm our business. 
 Data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations in countries where we do business. For example, the E.U. adopted the General Data Protection Regulations GDPR ), which requires entities both in the European Economic Area and outside to comply with new regulations regarding the handling of personal data. Brexit has created additional uncertainty with regard to the regulation of data protection as the U.K. now has its own data protection laws which are separate from the E.U. GDPR. We are also subject to certain U.S. federal, state and foreign laws governing the protection of personal privacy and data in those jurisdictions. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number. In addition to the increased cost of compliance, our failure to successfully implement or comply with appropriate processes to adhere to the GDPR and other laws and regulations relating to personal data could result in substantial financial penalties for non-compliance, expose us to litigation risk and could result in significant liability, increased costs or cause our clients to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 
 Intellectual Property Risks 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights or technology effectively, which would allow competitors to duplicate or replicate our electronic trading platforms or any of our other current or future functionalities, products or services. This could adversely affect our ability to compete. 
 Intellectual property is critical to our success and ability to compete, and if we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors might gain access to our technology. We rely primarily on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements, third-party non-disclosure and other agreements and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our intellectual property rights. We attempt to negotiate beneficial intellectual property ownership provisions in our contracts and also require employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements in order to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information. We have been issued 13 patents covering aspects of our technology and/or business, but can give no assurances that any such patents will protect our business and processes from competition or that any patents applied for in the future will be issued. Additionally, laws and our contractual terms may not be sufficient to protect our technology from use or theft by third parties. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that these protections will be adequate to prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology. 
 We may have legal or contractual rights that we could assert against illegal use of our intellectual property rights, but lawsuits claiming infringement or misappropriation are complex and expensive, and the outcome would not be certain. In addition, the laws of some countries in which we now or in the future provide our services may not protect software and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If our efforts to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights are inadequate, or if any third party misappropriates, dilutes or infringes on our intellectual property, the value of our brand may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 32 

Defending against intellectual property infringement or other claims could be expensive and disruptive to our business. If we are found to infringe the proprietary rights of others, we could be required to redesign our technology, pay royalties or enter into license agreements with third parties. 
 In the technology industry, there is frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As the number of participants in our market increases and the number of patents and other intellectual property registrations increases, the possibility of an intellectual property claim against us grows. Although we have never been the subject of a material intellectual property dispute, we cannot assure you that a third party will not assert in the future that our technology or the manner in which we operate our business violates its intellectual property rights. From time to time, in the ordinary course of our business, we may become subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others, and we expect that third parties may assert intellectual property claims against us, particularly as we expand the complexity and scope of our business, the number of electronic trading platforms increases and the functionality of these platforms further overlaps. Any claims, whether with or without merit, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend, make it more difficult to operate or prevent us from operating our business, or portions of our business, and result in significant monetary liability. 
 We cannot assure you that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us, as they have done in the past, with respect to our electronic trading platforms or any of our other current or future products or services or that any such assertion will not require us to cease providing such services or products, try to redesign our products or services, enter into royalty arrangements, if available, or engage in litigation that could be costly to us. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Possible Transactions or Investments 
 If we acquire or invest in other businesses, products or technologies, and are unable to integrate them with our business, our financial performance may be impaired or we may not realize the anticipated financial and strategic goals for any such transactions or any strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures, which we may enter into. 
 From time to time, we may pursue acquisitions, which may not be completed or, if completed, may not be as beneficial to us as expected. We have made acquisitions in the past, including the purchases of LiquidityEdge in 2019, the regulatory reporting business of Deutsche B rse in 2020 and MuniBrokers in 2021. We also may consider potential divestitures of businesses from time to time. We routinely evaluate potential acquisition and divestiture candidates and engage in discussions and negotiations regarding potential acquisitions and divestitures on an ongoing basis; however, even if we execute a definitive agreement, there can be no assurance that we will consummate the transaction within the anticipated closing timeframe, or at all. Moreover, there is significant competition for acquisition and expansion opportunities in the electronic financial services industry. 
 If we do succeed in acquiring or investing in a business, product or technology, such acquisitions and investments may involve a number of risks, including: 
 we may find that the acquired company or assets do not further our business strategy, or that we overpaid for the company or assets, or the economic conditions underlying our acquisition decision may change; 

we may have difficulty integrating the acquired technologies or products with our existing electronic trading platforms products and services; 

we may have difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired business, or retaining the key personnel of the acquired business; 

there may be client confusion if our services overlap with those of the acquired company and we may have difficulty retaining key customers, vendors and other business partners of the acquired business; 

our ongoing business and management s attention may be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity of managing geographically or culturally diverse enterprises; 

we may enter into markets in which we have limited experience and where competitors hold stronger market positions; 

potential failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant problems, liabilities or other challenges of an acquired company or product; and 

exposure to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition, including but not limited to, claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders or other third parties. 

These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, particularly in the case of a larger acquisition or multiple acquisitions in a short period of time. From time to time, we may enter into negotiations for acquisitions or investments that are not ultimately consummated. Such negotiations could result in significant diversion of management time, as well as out-of-pocket costs. 
 33 

The consideration paid in connection with an investment or acquisition also affects our financial results. If we were to proceed with one or more significant acquisitions in which the consideration included cash, we could be required to use a substantial portion of our available cash to consummate any acquisition. To the extent we issue shares of capital stock or other rights to purchase capital stock, including options or other rights, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. In addition, acquisitions may result in the incurrence of debt, large one-time write-offs, such as of acquired in-process research and development costs, and restructuring charges. 
 We may also enter into strategic alliances, partnerships or joint ventures as a means to accelerate our entry into new markets, provide new solutions or enhance our existing capabilities. For example, in 2022, we made a significant minority investment in RFQ-hub, a bilateral multi-asset and multi-dealer request for quote platform. Entering into strategic alliances, partnerships and joint ventures entails risks, including: (i) difficulties in developing or expanding the business of newly formed alliances, partnerships and joint ventures; (ii) exercising influence over the activities of joint ventures in which we do not have a controlling interest; (iii) potential conflicts with or among our partners; (iv) the possibility that our partners could take action without our approval or prevent us from taking action; and (v) the possibility that our partners become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations. 
 Risks Related to Key Personnel and Employees 
 We are dependent on our management team, and the loss of any key member of this team may prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner. 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key personnel, including Richard M. McVey and Christopher Concannon. In January 2023, we announced that Mr. McVey, currently Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors, would become Executive Chairman, and Mr. Concannon, currently President and Chief Operating Officer and a member of our Board of Directors, would become Chief Executive Officer and remain on the Board, each effective April 2023. The terms of Messrs. McVey s and Concannon's employment agreements with us do not require them to continue to work for us and allow them to terminate their respective employment at any time, subject to certain notice requirements and forfeiture of non-vested equity compensation awards. We do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our executive officers and other key personnel. Although we have invested in succession plans and we have short-term contingency plans in place, any loss or interruption of Mr. McVey s or Mr. Concanon's services or that of one or more of our other executive officers or key personnel for any reason, as well as any negative market or industry perception arising from such loss or interruption, could result in our inability to manage our operations effectively and/or pursue our business strategy. 
 Because competition for our employees is intense, we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled employees we need to support our business. 
 We strive to provide high-quality services that will allow us to establish and maintain long-term relationships with our clients. Our ability to provide these services and maintain these relationships, as well as our ability to execute our business plan generally, depends in large part upon our employees. We must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense, especially for software engineers with extensive experience in designing and developing software and internet-related services, product managers and senior sales executives. 
 The market for qualified personnel, especially software developers, has become increasingly competitive in our talent markets. Many companies, including both our competitors and firms outside of our industry, are interested in hiring our experienced personnel. Additionally, highly innovative technology firms both in and outside our traditional geographic markets may offer attractive employment opportunities to our technology personnel through remote work opportunities. Many of these firms have greater resources than we have and are able to offer more lucrative compensation packages. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in our efforts to recruit and retain the required personnel. The failure to attract new personnel or to retain and motivate our current personnel may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry and we may face restrictions with respect to the way we conduct certain of our operations. 
 Our business is subject to increasingly extensive governmental and other regulations. These regulations are designed to protect public interests generally rather than the interests of our stockholders. The SEC, FINRA and other agencies extensively regulate the United States financial services industry, including most of our operations in the United States. Much of our international operations are subject to similar regulations in their respective jurisdictions, including regulations overseen by the FCA in the U.K., the AFM in the Netherlands, ESMA in the E.U., the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada and provincial regulators in Canada, and the Securities and Exchange Commission and Central Bank in Brazil. In addition, our regulatory reporting business is registered as an ARM and APA with the FCA and ESMA. We also hold several cross-border licenses and permissions with various other regulatory bodies. See Part I, Item 1 Business Government Regulation Non-U.S. Regulation. 
 34 

As a matter of public policy, these regulatory bodies are responsible for safeguarding the integrity of the securities and other financial markets and protecting the interests of investors in those markets. These regulatory bodies have broad powers to promulgate and interpret, investigate and sanction non-compliance with their laws, rules and regulations. Most aspects of our broker-dealer and other licensed subsidiaries are highly regulated, including the way we deal with our clients; our capital requirements; our financial and regulatory reporting practices; required record-keeping and record retention procedures; the licensing of our employees; and the conduct of our directors, officers, employees and affiliates. 
 We cannot assure you that we and/or our directors, officers and employees will be able to fully comply with these laws, rules and regulations. If we fail to comply with any of these laws, rules or regulations, we may be subject to censure, fines, cease-and-desist orders, suspension of our business, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of our membership in FINRA and registration as a broker-dealer. 
 Certain of our regulated subsidiaries, including our registered broker-dealer and MTFs, are subject to U.S. or foreign regulations which prohibit repayment of borrowings from us or our affiliates, paying cash dividends, making loans to us or our affiliates or otherwise entering into transactions that result in a significant reduction in regulatory net capital or financial resources, without prior notification to or approval from such subsidiary s principal regulator. 
 Our ability to operate our platforms in a jurisdiction may be dependent on continued registration or authorization in that jurisdiction or the maintenance of a proper exemption from such registration or authorization. Our ability to comply with all applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on our compliance, credit approval, audit and reporting systems and procedures, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance, credit approval, audit and risk management personnel. Our systems and procedures may not be sufficiently effective to prevent a violation of all applicable rules and regulations. In addition, the growth and expansion of our business may create additional strain on our compliance systems, procedures and personnel and has resulted, and we expect will continue to result, in increased costs to maintain and improve these systems. 
 In addition, because our industry is heavily regulated, regulatory approval may be required in order to continue or expand our business activities and we may not be able to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals on a timely or cost-effective basis, or at all. Even if approvals are obtained, they may impose restrictions on our business or we may not be able to continue to comply with the terms of the approvals or applicable regulations. The implementation of unfavorable regulations or unfavorable interpretations of existing regulations by courts or regulatory bodies could require us to incur significant compliance costs or cause the development or continuation of business activities in affected markets to be curtailed or become impractical. For a further description of the regulations which may limit our activities, see Part I, Item 1. Business Government Regulation. 
 Some of our subsidiaries are subject to regulations regarding changes in control of their ownership. These regulations generally provide that regulatory approval must be obtained in connection with any transaction resulting in a change in control of the subsidiary, which may include changes in control of MarketAxess. As a result of these regulations, our future efforts to sell shares or raise additional capital may be delayed or prohibited in circumstances in which such a transaction would give rise to a change in control as defined by the applicable regulatory body. 
 Our business and the trading businesses of many of our clients are subject to increasingly extensive government and other regulation, which may affect our trading volumes and increase our cost of doing business. 
 Our business, and the business of many of our clients, is subject to extensive regulation. Governmental and regulatory authorities periodically review legislative and regulatory initiatives, and may promulgate new or revised, or adopt changes in the interpretation and enforcement of existing, rules and regulations at any time. In addition, we must comply with the laws, regulations and registration rules of foreign governments and regulatory bodies for each country in which we conduct business. Any such changes in laws, rules or regulations or in governmental policies could create additional regulatory exposure for our business, cause us to incur significant additional costs, require us to change or cease aspects of our business or restrict or limit our ability to grow our business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. There have been in the past, and could be in the future, significant technological, operational and compliance costs associated with the obligations that derive from compliance with evolving laws, rules and regulations. 
 35 

We cannot predict whether additional changes to the laws, rules and regulations that govern our business and operations, including changes to their interpretation, implementation or enforcement, will occur in the future or the extent to which any such changes will impact our business and operations, but they may cause us to expend significantly more compliance, business and technology resources, incur additional operational costs and create additional regulatory exposure. For example, the SEC has proposed rules that will expand Regulation ATS and Regulation SCI to alternative trading systems (ATS) that trade government securities and amend the SEC rule regarding the definition of an exchange to include Communication Protocol Systems, such as our RFQ protocols. In connection with these proposed rules, we expect that we will have to operate all of our trading protocols in compliance with Regulation ATS. The fixed-income industry is also in the process of complying with Rule 15c2-11 Publication or submission of quotations without specified information of the Exchange Act, which had not previously been applied to debt securities. In November 2022, the SEC issued a no-action letter that delayed the full implementation of Rule 15c2-11 until 2025. The impact of any of these reform efforts on us and our operations remains uncertain. Further, we and/or our clients could become subject to future legislation and regulatory requirements beyond those currently proposed, adopted or contemplated in the U.S. or abroad. Additionally, unintended consequences of such new laws, rules and regulations may adversely affect our industry, our clients and us in ways yet to be determined. Any such legal and regulatory changes could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The growing divergence of the U.K. and European Union legal and regulatory requirements following Brexit could materially adversely impact our business, clients, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The exit of the U.K. has increased the operational complexity and cost of conducting business in both the E.U. and the U.K., and introduces significant new barriers to cross-border trading, including uncertainties with respect to the legal and regulatory requirements to which we and our clients are subject. Brexit has led to a growing divergence between the U.K. and E.U. financial regulations, which may impact our ability to comply with the extensive government regulation to which we are subject. In addition, the cost and complexity of operating across increasingly divergent regulatory regimes has required us to make changes to the technology underlying our trading platforms and regulatory reporting systems in the U.K. and E.U., which has resulted in new regulatory and operational costs and challenges. We expect the cost and complexity of complying with diverging E.U. and U.K. financial regulations will increase following the implementation of the FSMB in the U.K. see Part I, Item 1. Business Government Regulation Non-U.S. Regulation. In addition, as a result of Brexit, the E.U. regulatory authorities may enact regulatory changes that may affect our business by creating further market fragmentation. 
 Although it is not possible at this point in time to predict fully the effects of Brexit, any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The extensive regulation of our business means we have ongoing exposure to potentially significant costs and penalties. 
 Our businesses are subject to regulation by governmental and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. Many of these regulators, including U.S. and non-U.S. government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions in the U.S., are empowered to bring enforcement actions and to conduct administrative proceedings and examinations, inspections, and investigations, which may result in costs, penalties, fines, enhanced oversight, additional requirements, restrictions, or limitations, and censure, suspension, or expulsion. Self-regulatory organizations such as FINRA, along with statutory bodies such as the SEC and the FCA, and other international regulators, require strict compliance with their rules and regulations. 
 Firms in the financial services industry have experienced increased scrutiny in recent years, and penalties, fines and other sanctions sought by regulatory authorities, including the SEC, FINRA, state securities commissions and state attorney generals in the U.S., and the FCA in the U.K. and other international regulators, have increased accordingly. Accordingly, we face the risk of regulatory intervention, investigations and proceedings, any of which could involve extensive scrutiny of our activities and result in significant fines and liability. Any of these developments would require significant time and financial resources and could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. 
 We are subject to the risks of litigation and securities laws liability. 
 Many aspects of our business, and the businesses of our clients, involve substantial risks of liability. Dissatisfied clients have in the past, and may in the future, make claims against us regarding quality of trade execution, improperly settled trades, resolution of trade error claims, system failures, failure to protect their confidential or personal information, mismanagement or even fraud. In connection with our entry into the index business, we may face with claims related to errors in our methodology or models used to calculate the indices. We may become subject to these claims as the result of delays, failures or malfunctions of our electronic trading platform and the services provided by us. We could incur significant legal expenses defending claims, even those without merit. An adverse resolution of any lawsuits or claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 36 

Liquidity and Funding Risks 
 We cannot predict our future capital needs or our ability to obtain additional financing if we need it. 
 Our business is dependent upon the availability of adequate funding and regulatory capital under applicable regulatory requirements. The growth of our Open Trading protocols, in particular, is dependent on the willingness of our customers and counterparties to engage in transactions with us and any perceived issues with our capital levels or access to funding could have a material adverse effect on business. As a result of our self-clearing activities, we are also required to finance certain transactions, maintain deposits with various clearing organizations and clearing broker-dealers and maintain a special reserve bank account for the benefit of customers pursuant to Rule 15c3-3 of the Exchange Act. Although we believe that our available cash resources and borrowing capacity under our credit agreement are sufficient to meet our presently anticipated liquidity needs and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months, we may in the future need to raise additional funds to, among other things: (1) support more rapid growth of our business; (2) finance transactions and maintain margin deposits at clearing organizations; (3) acquire complementary companies or technologies; (4) increase the regulatory net capital necessary to support our operations; or (5) respond to unanticipated or changing capital requirements. 
 In addition, our liquidity could be impaired due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects our trading customers or counterparties, other third parties or us. 
 All or part of any debt financing could be pursuant to the terms of our credit agreements with third party lenders, which include restrictive covenants with respect to dividends, issuances of additional capital and other financial and operational matters related to our business. 
 In the future, we may not be able to obtain additional financing, if needed, in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If sufficient funds are not available or are not available on terms acceptable to us, our ability to fund our expansion, finance transactions and maintain margin deposits at clearing organizations, take advantage of acquisition opportunities, develop or enhance our services or products, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. These limitations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our credit agreement contains restrictive and financial covenants that could limit our operating flexibility, and we may incur additional debt in the future that may include similar or additional restrictions. 
 We are party to a credit agreement that provides for revolving loans and letters of credit up to an aggregate of 500.0 million. Subject to the satisfaction of certain specified conditions, we are permitted to upsize the borrowing capacity of the credit agreement by an additional 250.0 million. Our credit agreement contains certain covenants that, among other things, may restrict our ability to take certain actions, even if we believe them to be in our best interests. These covenants may restrict or prohibit, among other things, our ability to: 
 incur or guarantee additional debt; 

create or incur liens; 

change our line of business; 

sell or transfer assets; 

make certain investments or acquisitions; 

pay dividends or distributions, redeem or repurchase our equity or make certain other restricted payments; 

consummate a merger or consolidation; 

enter into certain swap, derivative or similar transactions; 

enter into certain transactions with affiliates; and 

incur restrictions on our ability to grant liens or, in the case of subsidiaries, pay dividends or other distributions. 

We are also required by our credit agreement to maintain a maximum consolidated total net leverage ratio and a minimum regulatory net capital balance for certain subsidiaries. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet these requirements or satisfy these covenants in the future. A breach of any of these covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial covenants could result in an event of default under the credit agreement. If any such event of default occurs, the lenders under the credit agreement could elect to declare all amounts outstanding and accrued and unpaid interest under the credit agreement to be immediately due and payable, and could foreclose on the assets securing the credit agreement. The lenders would also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further credit extensions. We may incur other indebtedness in the future that may contain financial or other covenants more restrictive than those applicable to the credit agreement. 
 37 

I tem 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . 
 None. 
 I tem 2. Properties. 
 Our corporate headquarters and principal U.S. office is located at 55 Hudson Yards in New York, New York, where we lease approximately 83,000 square feet under a lease expiring in August 2034. We also collectively lease approximately 39,000 square feet for our other office locations in jurisdictions such as the U.S., United Kingdom, Brazil, the Netherlands, Hong Kong and Singapore under various leases expiring between January 2022 and January 2027. 
 I tem 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 In the normal course of business, we and our subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements may be involved in various lawsuits, proceedings and regulatory examinations. We assess liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal proceedings, if any, utilizing the latest information available. Based on currently available information, the outcome of our outstanding matters is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our financial position. It is not presently possible to determine our ultimate exposure to these matters and there is no assurance that the resolution of the outstanding matters will not significantly exceed any reserves accrued by us. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our commitments and contingencies. 
 I tem 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 38 

P ART II 
 I tem 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol MKTX . 
 On February 17, 2023, the last reported closing price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market was 355.17. 
 Holders 
 There were 11 holders of record of our common stock as of February 17, 2023. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Please see the section entitled Equity Compensation Plan Information in Item 12. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased the following shares of common stock: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans and Programs 

(In thousands) 

October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 

204 

222.49 

100,016 

November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 

613 

238.57 

100,016 

December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

19,163 

283.16 

100,016 

19,980 

281.17 

During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 19,980 shares of common stock that were surrendered to us to satisfy withholding tax obligations upon the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted shares and restricted stock units. There were no shares repurchased in connection with our share repurchase program during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 In January 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program for up to 100.0 million that commenced in April 2021 and was exhausted in January 2022. In January 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program for up to 150.0 million that commenced in March 2022. Shares repurchased under this program will be held in treasury for future use. As of December 31, 2022, we had 100.0 million of remaining capacity under the program. 
 39 

STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total return for (i) our common stock; (ii) the S P 500 Index; (iii) the Dow Jones U.S. Financials Index; and (iv) the NASDAQ Composite Index, in each case for the past five years. The Company historically compared the cumulative total return on its common stock with that of the NASDAQ Composite Index, but has selected the Dow Jones U.S. Financials Index for the stock performance graph in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because management believes the performance of the Dow Jones U.S. Financials Index provides a more meaningful comparison with the Company s performance. The performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The figures in this graph assume an initial investment of 100 in our common stock and in each index on December 31, 2017, and that all dividends were reinvested. The returns illustrated below are based on historical results during the period indicated and should not be considered indicative of future stockholder returns. 

40 

I tem 6. [Reserved] 
 41 

I tem 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements relating to future events and the future performance of MarketAxess that are based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about us and our industry. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and timing of various events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors, as more fully described in this section, in Item 1A. Risk Factors , in Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as may be required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. 
 The following discussion includes a comparison of our Financial Results, Cash Flow Comparisons and Liquidity and Capital Resources for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A discussion of changes in our Financial Results and Cash Flow Comparisons from the year ended December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021 may be found in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Executive Overview 
 MarketAxess operates leading electronic trading platforms delivering greater trading efficiency, a diversified pool of liquidity and significant cost savings to our clients across the global fixed-income markets. Over 2,000 institutional investor and broker-dealer firms use our patented trading technology to efficiently trade U.S. high-grade bonds, U.S. high-yield bonds, emerging market debt, Eurobonds, municipal bonds, U.S. government bonds and other fixed-income securities. Our award-winning Open Trading marketplace is widely regarded as the preferred all-to-all trading solution in the global credit markets, creating a unique liquidity pool for a broad range of credit market participants. Drawing on a diverse set of trading protocols, including request-for-quote, live order books, sessions-based trading and portfolio trading solutions, as well as our deep data and analytical resources, we believe that we connect the most robust network of participants through an advanced full trading lifecycle solution that also includes automated trading solutions, intelligent data and index products and a range of post-trade services. 
 We operate in a large and rapidly growing market that provides us with a significant opportunity for future growth. Many of our largest current product areas, and areas of future growth, have relatively low levels of trading electronification, which further increases the size of our addressable market. Our platforms innovative technology solutions are designed to capitalize on this addressable market by increasing the number of potential trading counterparties and providing our clients with a menu of solutions to address the full lifecycle of fixed-income trading. We offer Open Trading and automated trading solutions for most of our products. We believe that Open Trading drives meaningful price improvement for our clients and reduces risk in fixed-income markets by creating a global, diversified pool of liquidity whereby our institutional investor clients, dealer clients and alternative liquidity providers can all interact on an anonymous basis. Institutional investors can also send trading inquiries directly to their traditional broker-dealer counterparties through a disclosed RFQ, while simultaneously accessing additional counterparties through our anonymous Open Trading solutions. 
 We also provide a number of integrated and actionable data offerings, including Composite+ and Axess All, to assist clients with real-time pricing and trading decisions and transaction cost analysis. We have a range of post-trade services, including straight-through processing, trade matching, trade publication, regulatory transaction reporting and market and reference data across fixed-income and other products. 
 We derive revenue from commissions for trades executed on our platforms, information services, post-trade services and other revenues. Our expenses consist of employee compensation and benefits, depreciation and amortization, technology and communication expenses, professional and consulting fees, occupancy, marketing and advertising, clearing costs and general and administrative expenses. 
 Our objective is to provide the leading global electronic trading platforms for fixed-income securities, connecting broker-dealers and institutional investors more easily and efficiently, while offering a broad array of trading information and technology services to market participants across the trading cycle. The key elements of our strategy are discussed in Part I, Item 1. Business Our Strategy. 
 42 

Critical Factors Affecting Our Industry and Our Company 
 Economic, Political and Market Factors 
 The global fixed-income securities industry is risky and volatile and is directly affected by a number of economic, political and market factors that may impact trading volume. These factors could have a material adverse or positive effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include, among others, credit market conditions, the current interest rate environment, including the volatility of interest rates and investors forecasts of future interest rates, the duration of bonds traded, economic and political conditions in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, and the consolidation or contraction of our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients. 
 We experienced improving operating conditions in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 with credit spreads widening, increased volatility and higher U.S. high-grade market volumes. In the year ended December 31, 2022, market volumes in U.S. high-grade corporate bonds as reported by TRACE increased 8.4 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Although our trading volumes increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 due mainly to increases in our estimated market share in several of our product areas, a significant rise in corporate bond yields during the year ended December 31, 2022 contributed to a decrease in the duration of the bonds traded on our platforms, which had a negative effect on our average variable transaction fee per million, principally in U.S. high-grade. 
 In February 2022, following the onset of the Russia-Ukraine War, the U.S., the U.K., and the European Union, among others, adopted sanctions that, in various ways, prohibited transactions with numerous Russian entities, including major Russian banks, and individuals; limited transactions in Russian sovereign debt; and constrained investment, trade and financing to, from or in certain regions of Ukraine. We did not incur any material losses on trades that were unsettled at the time sanctions were imposed and our business has not otherwise been materially affected by the recent sanctions. To the extent the sanctions are further expanded or the ongoing war, sanctions, or geopolitical tensions have further adverse effects on the global economy or the participants on our platforms, our financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Throughout 2022, the Pandemic had less of an impact on how we managed our business than in the prior two years. Most of our employees have transitioned to a hybrid employment model with an emphasis on safety and employee wellbeing. We continue to monitor the impact of the Pandemic on our communities, including the spread of any variants, and we remain confident that we could continue to maintain business continuity and serve our clients if a return to an all-virtual environment becomes necessary to promote employee and public safety. 
 There has been increased demand for green bonds and other securities linked to environmental, social and governance factors in the fixed-income markets in which we operate. Based on the interest we are receiving from investors, we expect such increased demand to continue. 
 Because the majority of our assets are short-term in nature, they are not significantly affected by inflation. However, the rate of inflation may affect our expenses, such as employee compensation, technology and communications expenses, which may not be readily recoverable in the prices of our services. To the extent inflation continues to result in rising interest rates or has other adverse effects on the securities markets or the economy, it may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 We expect that current cash and investment balances, in combination with cash flows that are generated from operations and the ability to borrow under our 2021 Credit Agreement (as defined below), will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs and planned capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet, no borrowings under our 2021 Credit Agreement and with capital significantly in excess of our regulatory requirements. 
 Competitive Landscape 
 The global fixed-income securities industry generally, and the electronic financial services markets in which we engage in particular, are highly competitive, and we expect competition to intensify in the future. Sources of competition for us will continue to include, among others, bond trading conducted directly between broker-dealers and their institutional investor clients over the telephone or electronically and other multi-dealer or all-to-all trading platforms. Competitors, including companies in which some of our broker-dealer clients have invested, have developed or acquired electronic trading platforms or have announced their intention to explore the development of electronic platforms or information networks that may compete with us. 
 We primarily compete on the basis of our client network, the liquidity provided by our dealer, and, to a growing extent, institutional investor clients, the total transaction costs associated with our services, the breadth of products, protocols and services offered, as well as the quality, reliability, security and ease of use of our platforms. We believe that our ability to grow volumes and revenues will largely depend on our performance with respect to these factors. 
 43 

Our competitive position is also enhanced by the unique liquidity provided by our Open Trading functionalities and the familiarity and integration of our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients with our electronic trading platforms and other systems. We have focused on the unique aspects of the credit markets we serve in the development of our platforms, working closely with our clients to provide a system that is suited to their needs. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulations in the United States and internationally, which may expose us to significant regulatory risk and cause additional legal costs to ensure compliance. The existing legal framework that governs the financial markets is periodically reviewed and amended, resulting in the enactment and enforcement of new laws and regulations that apply to our business. For example, the SEC recently proposed rules that will expand Regulation ATS and Regulation SCI to alternative trading systems (ATS) that trade government securities and amend the SEC rule regarding the definition of an exchange to include Communication Protocol Systems, such as our RFQ protocols. In connection with these proposed rules, we expect that we will have to operate all of our trading protocols in compliance with Regulation ATS. The fixed-income industry is also in the process of complying with Rule 15c2-11 Publication or submission of quotations without specified information of the Exchange Act, which had not previously been applied to debt securities. The impact of any of these reform efforts on us and our operations remains uncertain. 
 As a result of Brexit, we obtained authorizations from the AFM for our subsidiaries in the Netherlands in 2019. We now provide regulated services to our clients within the E.U. in reliance on the cross-border services passport held by our Dutch subsidiaries. Brexit has led to an ongoing divergence between the U.K. and E.U. financial regulations, which has made it more difficult and costly to comply with the extensive government regulation to which we are subject. The cost and complexity of operating across increasingly divergent regulatory regimes has increased and is likely to continue to increase in the future. 
 Compliance with regulations may require us to dedicate additional financial and operational resources, which may adversely affect our profitability. However, we believe new regulations may also increase demand for our platforms and we believe we are well positioned to benefit from those regulatory changes that cause market participants to seek electronic trading platforms that meet the various regulatory requirements and help them comply with their regulatory obligations. 
 For further description of the regulations which govern our business, see Part I, Item 1. Business Government Regulation. 
 Technology Environment 
 We must continue to enhance and improve our electronic trading platforms. The electronic financial services industry is characterized by increasingly complex systems and infrastructures and new business models. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing products and services, develop and/or license new products and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our existing and prospective broker-dealer and institutional investor clients and respond to technological advances and emerging industry and regulatory standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. We plan to continue to focus on technology infrastructure initiatives and continually improve our platforms to further enhance our leading market position. 
 As the overall share of electronic trading grows in global credit products, we are experiencing continued demand for, and growth in, our automated trading solutions. Trading volumes in Auto-X RFQ, one of our automated trading protocols, rose to 220.2 billion in 2022, up 31.7 from 167.2 billion in 2021. In addition, the use of dealer algorithms is continuing to grow on our platforms, with approximately 23.7 million dealer algorithmic responses on our platforms in 2022, up 29.2 from the prior year. 
 We experience cyber-attacks and attempted data security breaches, however, MarketAxess has not experienced any material information security breaches over the past three years. Cybersecurity incidents could impact revenue and operating income and increase costs. We therefore continue to make investments in our cybersecurity infrastructure and training of employees, which may result in increased costs, to strengthen our cybersecurity measures. 
 See also Part I, Item 1A. - Risk Factors, Technology, IT Systems and Cybersecurity Risks. 
 44 

Trends in Our Business 
 The majority of our revenue is derived from commissions for transactions executed on our platforms between and among our institutional investor and broker-dealer clients and monthly distribution fees. We believe that the following are the key variables that impact the notional value of such transactions on our platforms and the amount of commissions and distribution fees earned by us: 
 the number of participants on our platforms and their willingness to use our platforms instead of competitors' platforms or other execution methods; 

the frequency and competitiveness of the price responses by participants on our platforms; 

the number of markets that are available for our clients to trade on our platforms; 

the overall level of activity in these markets; 

the duration of the bonds trading on our platforms; and 

the particular fee plan under which we earn commissions and distribution fees. 

We believe that overall corporate bond market trading volume is affected by various factors including the absolute levels of interest rates, the direction of interest rate movements, the level of new issues of corporate bonds and the volatility of corporate bond spreads versus U.S. Treasury securities. Because a significant percentage of our revenue is tied directly to the volume of securities traded on our platforms, it is likely that a general decline in trading volumes, regardless of the cause of such decline, would reduce our revenues and have a significant negative impact on profitability. 
 As further described under Critical Factors Affecting our Industry and our Company Economic, Political and Market Factors , our trading volumes increased and our average variable transaction fee per million decreased in 2022. 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Commission Revenue 
 Commissions are recognized on a trade date basis, are generally calculated as a percentage of the notional dollar volume of bonds traded on our platforms and vary based on the type, size, yield and maturity of the bond traded, as well as individual client incentives. Bonds that are more actively traded or that have shorter maturities are generally charged lower commissions, while bonds that are less actively traded or that have longer maturities generally command higher commissions. 
 For Open Trading trades that we execute between and among institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller, we earn our commission through the difference in price between the two trades. For the majority of U.S. Treasury matched principal trades, commissions are invoiced and recorded on a monthly basis. 
 Credit Commissions. Credit includes U.S. high-grade corporate bonds, high-yield bonds, emerging markets bonds, Eurobonds, municipal bonds and leveraged loans. Our U.S. high-grade corporate bond fee plans generally incorporate variable transaction fees and fixed distribution fees billed to our broker-dealer clients on a monthly basis. Certain broker-dealers participate in fee programs that do not contain monthly distribution fees and instead incorporate additional per transaction execution fees and minimum monthly fee commitments. Under these fee plans, we electronically add the transaction fee to the spread quoted by the broker-dealer client. The U.S. high-grade transaction fee is generally designated in basis points in yield and, as a result, is subject to fluctuation depending on the duration of the bond traded. 
 Commissions for high-yield bonds, emerging markets bonds, Eurobonds, municipal bonds and leveraged loans generally vary based on the type of the instrument traded using standard fee schedules. Our high-yield fee plan structure is similar to our U.S. high-grade fee plans. Certain dealers participate in a high-yield fee plan that incorporates a variable transaction fee and fixed distribution fee, while other dealers participate in a plan that does not contain monthly distribution fees and instead incorporates additional per transaction execution fees and minimum monthly fee commitments. 
 The average credit fees per million may vary in the future due to changes in yield, years-to-maturity and nominal size of high-grade bonds traded on our platforms and changes in product mix or trading protocols. 
 Credit distribution fees include any unused monthly fee commitments under our variable fee plans and subscription revenues associated with the MuniBrokers platform. 
 Rates Commissions. Rates includes U.S. Treasury, U.S. agency and European government bonds. Commissions for rates products generally vary based on the type of the instrument traded. U.S. Treasury fee plans are typically volume tiered and can vary based on the trading protocol. The average rates fee per million may vary in the future due to changes in product mix or trading protocols. 
 We anticipate that average fees per million may change in the future. Consequently, past trends in commissions are not necessarily indicative of future commissions. 
 45 

Information Services 
 We generate revenue from data licensed to our broker-dealer clients, institutional investor clients and data-only subscribers; professional and consulting services; technology software licenses; and maintenance and support services. These revenues are either for subscription-based services transferred over time, and may be net of volume-based discounts, or one-time services. Revenues for services transferred over time are recognized ratably over the contract period while revenues for services transferred at a point in time are recognized in the period the services are provided. Customers are generally billed monthly, quarterly, or annually; revenues billed in advance are deferred and recognized ratably over the contract period. 
 Post-trade Services 
 We generate revenue from regulatory transaction reporting, trade publication and trade matching services. Customers are generally billed in the current month or monthly in arrears and revenue is recognized in the period that the transactions are processed. Revenues billed in advance are deferred and recognized ratably over the contract period. We also generate one-time implementation fees for onboarding clients which are invoiced and recognized in the period the implementation is complete. 
 Other Revenue 
 Other revenue includes revenue generated from telecommunications line charges to broker-dealer clients. 
 Expenses 
 In the normal course of business, we incur the following expenses: 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits. Employee compensation and benefits is our most significant expense and includes employee salaries, stock-based compensation costs, other incentive compensation, employee benefits and payroll taxes. 
 Depreciation and Amortization. We depreciate our computer hardware and related software, office hardware and furniture and fixtures and amortize our capitalized software development costs on a straight-line basis over three to seven years. We amortize leasehold improvements on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the life of the improvement or the remaining term of the lease. Intangible assets with definite lives, including purchased technologies, customer relationships and other intangible assets, are amortized over their estimated useful lives, which range from one to 15 years, using either a straight-line or accelerated amortization method based on the pattern of economic benefit that we expect to realize from such assets. Intangible assets are assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate a possible impairment. 
 Technology and Communications. Technology and communications expense consists primarily of costs relating to maintenance on software and hardware, our internal network connections, data center hosting costs, data feeds provided by outside vendors and U.S. government bonds technology platform licensing fees. The majority of our broker-dealer clients have dedicated high-speed communication lines to our network in order to provide fast data transfer. We charge our broker-dealer clients a monthly fee for these connections, which is recovered against the relevant expenses we incur. 
 Professional and Consulting Fees. Professional and consulting fees consist primarily of accounting fees, legal fees and fees paid to information technology and other consultants for services provided for the maintenance of our trading platforms, information and post-trade services products and other services. 
 Occupancy. Occupancy costs consist primarily of office and equipment rent, utilities and commercial rent tax. 
 Marketing and Advertising. Marketing and advertising expense consists primarily of print and other advertising expenses we incur to promote our products and services. This expense also includes costs associated with attending or exhibiting at industry-sponsored seminars, conferences and conventions, and travel and entertainment expenses incurred by our sales force to promote our trading platforms, information services and post-trade services. 
 Clearing Costs. Clearing costs consist of fees that we are charged by third-party clearing brokers and depositories for the clearing and settlement of matched principal trades, regulatory reporting fees and variable transaction fees assessed by the provider of our third-party middle office system. 
 General and Administrative. General and administrative expense consists primarily of general travel and entertainment, board of directors expenses, charitable contributions, provision for doubtful accounts, various state franchise and U.K. value-added taxes and other miscellaneous expenses. 
 Expenses may continue to grow in the future, notably in employee compensation and benefits as we increase headcount to support investment in new products, operational support and geographic expansion, depreciation and amortization due to increased investment in new products and enhancements to our trading platforms, and technology and communication costs. Expenses may also grow due to acquisitions or the continued effects of inflation. 
 46 

Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest Income . Interest income consists of interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, deposits and investments. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense consists of financing charges incurred on short-term borrowings. 
 Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Affiliate. Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate represents the proportionate share of our equity method investee's net income. 
 Other, Net. Other, net consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading security investments and foreign currency forward contracts, foreign currency transaction gains or losses, investment advisory fees, credit facility administrative fees, gains or losses on revaluations of contingent consideration payable and other miscellaneous revenues and expenses. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under varying assumptions or conditions. Critical accounting estimates for us include stock-based compensation and contingent consideration payable. 
 Stock-based compensation 
 We maintain the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan which provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, performance shares, performance units, restricted stock units, performance stock units, or other stock-based awards as incentives to encourage employees, consultants and non-employee directors to participate in our long-term success. We make critical accounting estimates related to performance shares and performance stock units granted under the 2020 Plan. 
 In 2020, annual performance share awards PSAs ), and in 2021 and 2022, performance stock units (together with the PSAs, performance equity awards were granted to the executive officers and certain senior managers. Each performance equity award is earned or forfeited based on our level of achievement of certain predetermined metrics, including pre-tax adjusted operating margin and market share for the 2020 and 2021 awards, and pre-tax adjusted operating margin, U.S. credit market share, and revenue growth excluding U.S. credit for the 2022 awards. The vested share pay-out ranges from zero to 150 for the awards granted in 2020, and zero to 200 , for the awards granted in 2021 and 2022, of the performance equity award target. The number of performance equity awards that vest, if any, will be determined by the level of achievement of the performance metrics during the three-year performance periods, as certified by the Board following the conclusion of the performance period. In addition, participants must provide continued service through the vesting date (subject, to death, disability and, in the case of the awards granted in 2021 and 2022, qualified retirement exceptions). Compensation expense for performance equity awards is measured using the fair value of our stock at the grant date and estimates of future performance and actual share payouts. Each period, we make estimates of the current expected share payouts and adjust the life-to-date compensation expense recognized since the grant date. As of December 31, 2022, a 10 change in the expected final share payouts would increase or decrease the life-to-date compensation expense by 1.6 million. The estimated final share payouts for the 2020 and 2021 awards as of December 31, 2022 decreased 2.9 compared to December 31, 2021. 
 Contingent consideration payable 
 In connection with our acquisitions of MuniBrokers and Regulatory Reporting Hub, we recognized contingent consideration payables with payment dates ranging from 18-24 months from the acquisition dates. These contingent consideration payables are classified as Level 3 liabilities in the fair value hierarchy and are valued using unobservable inputs and estimates of various factors, including client retention rates, electronic order flow levels, future license fees we earn and discount rates. Changes in these estimates or the final figures on the payment dates could have an impact on the contingent consideration payable liabilities we record on our balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, a 10 change in the projected annual subscription and license fees would not have a material impact on the expected contingent consideration payable. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining outstanding contingent consideration payable was 12.3 million. Refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information related to the changes in contingent consideration payable during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 47 

Segment Results 
 We operate electronic platforms for the trading of fixed-income securities and provide related data, analytics, compliance tools and post-trade services. We consider our operations to constitute a single business segment because of the highly integrated nature of these product and services, the financial markets in which we compete and our worldwide business activities. We believe that results by geographic region or client sector are not necessarily meaningful in understanding our business. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for certain geographic information about our business required by GAAP. 
 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table summarizes our financial results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Revenues 
 
 718,300 

698,951 

19,349 

2.8 

Expenses 
 
 391,424 

361,716 

29,708 

8.2 

Operating income 
 
 326,876 

337,235 

(10,359) 

(3.1) 

Other income (expense) 
 
 11,412 

(3,312) 

14,724 

NM 

Income before income taxes 
 
 338,288 

333,923 

4,365 

1.3 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 88,064 

76,035 

12,029 

15.8 

Net income 
 
 250,224 

257,888 

(7,664) 

(3.0) 

Net income per common share - Diluted 
 
 6.65 

6.77 

(0.12) 

(1.8) 

NM - not meaningful 

Changes in average foreign currency exchange rates compared to the U.S. dollar had the effect of decreasing revenues and expenses by 11.6 million and 10.5 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Revenues 
 Our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

in thousands) 

of Revenues 

of Revenues 
 
 Change 

Change 

Commissions 
 
 641,183 

89.3 

621,008 

88.8 

20,175 

3.2 

Information services 
 
 39,314 

5.5 

38,175 

5.5 

1,139 

3.0 

Post-trade services 
 
 36,877 

5.1 

38,922 

5.6 

(2,045) 

(5.3) 

Other 
 
 926 

0.1 

846 

0.1 

80 

9.5 

Total revenues 
 
 718,300 

100.0 

698,951 

100.0 

19,349 

2.8 

48 

Commissions 
 Our commission revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

in thousands) 

Variable transaction fees 

Credit 
 
 491,680 

485,005 

6,675 

1.4 

Rates 
 
 22,341 

16,572 

5,769 

34.8 

Total variable transaction fees 
 
 514,021 

501,577 

12,444 

2.5 

Fixed distribution fees 

Credit 
 
 126,915 

119,178 

7,737 

6.5 

Rates 
 
 247 

253 

(6) 

(2.4) 

Total fixed distribution fees 
 
 127,162 

119,431 

7,731 

6.5 

Total commissions 
 
 641,183 

621,008 

20,175 

3.2 

Credit variable transaction fees increased 6.7 million driven by a 12.2 increase in trading volume, partially offset by a 9.6 decrease in total credit average variable transaction fee per million. Open Trading credit volume totaled 939.6 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022, up 11.5 , and Open Trading credit variable transaction fees represented 33.7 and 31.8 of total variable transaction fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 34.8 increase in variable transaction fees for rates was mainly attributable to higher U.S. Treasury trading volume. 
 Credit fixed distribution fees increased 7.7 million mainly due to the migration of certain dealers from all-variable fee plans to plans that incorporate a monthly distribution fee, certain dealers moving to plans with higher fixed distribution fees and an increase in unused monthly minimum commitment fees. 
 Our trading volumes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

in millions) 

Trading volume data 

Credit 

High-grade 
 
 1,364,530 

1,243,180 

121,350 

9.8 

High-yield 
 
 424,812 

371,116 

53,696 

14.5 

Emerging markets 
 
 693,560 

649,455 

44,105 

6.8 

Eurobonds 
 
 362,713 

334,899 

27,814 

8.3 

Other credit 
 
 99,225 

26,134 

73,091 

279.7 

Total credit 
 
 2,944,840 

2,624,784 

320,056 

12.2 

Rates 

U.S. Government Bonds 
 
 5,347,607 

4,074,451 

1,273,156 

31.2 

Agency and other government bonds 
 
 96,782 

70,513 

26,269 

37.3 

Total rates 
 
 5,444,389 

4,144,964 

1,299,425 

31.3 

Total trading volume 
 
 8,389,229 

6,769,748 

1,619,481 

23.9 

Number of U.S. Trading Days 
 
 249 

250 

Number of U.K. Trading Days 
 
 250 

253 

For volume reporting purposes, transactions in foreign currencies are converted to U.S. dollars at average monthly rates. The 9.8 increase in our U.S. high-grade volume was principally due to an increase in overall market volume. Estimated U.S. high-grade TRACE volume increased by 8.4 to 6.4 trillion for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5.9 trillion for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our estimated market share of total U.S. high-grade corporate bond volume increased to 21.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 21.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 49 

High-yield, emerging markets, and Eurobond volumes increased by 14.5 , 6.8 , and 8.3 , respectively, due to increases in our estimated market share which more than offset declines in estimated market volumes. Other credit volumes increased 279.7 , driven by higher municipal bonds volume, which reflects the inclusion of MuniBrokers variable subscription related trading volume in 2022. Rates trading volume increased 31.3 primarily due to increased U.S. government bonds dealer-to-dealer estimated average daily trading volume and higher estimated market share. 
 Our average variable transaction fee per million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Average variable transaction fee per million 

Credit 
 
 166.96 

184.78 

(17.8) 

(9.6) 

Rates 
 
 4.10 

4.00 

0.1 

2.5 

Credit average variable transaction fee per million decreased 9.6 to 166.96 per million for the year ended December 31, 2022 mainly due to a decrease in the duration of U.S. high-grade bonds traded on our platforms and dealer migration to fixed distribution fee plans that provide for lower transaction fees. 
 Information Services. Information services revenue increased 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 mainly due to net new data contract revenue of 3.4 million, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations of 2.3 million. 
 Post-Trade Services . Post-trade services revenue decreased 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 principally due to the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations of 4.2 million and planned customer attrition in connection with the Regulatory Reporting Hub integration, partially offset by net new contract revenue of 2.2 million. 
 Expenses 
 The following table summarizes our expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

in thousands) 

Expenses 

Employee compensation and benefits 
 
 182,104 

170,916 

11,188 

6.5 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 61,446 

53,447 

7,999 

15.0 

Technology and communications 
 
 52,964 

42,474 

10,490 

24.7 

Professional and consulting fees 
 
 33,949 

41,925 

(7,976) 

(19.0) 

Occupancy 
 
 14,121 

13,320 

801 

6.0 

Marketing and advertising 
 
 9,977 

9,059 

918 

10.1 

Clearing costs 
 
 17,663 

16,074 

1,589 

9.9 

General and administrative 
 
 19,200 

14,501 

4,699 

32.4 

Total expenses 
 
 391,424 

361,716 

29,708 

8.2 

Employee compensation and benefits increased by 11.2 million primarily due increases in salaries, taxes and benefits on higher employee headcount of 8.7 million and stock-based compensation of 2.0 million. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased by 8.0 million primarily due to higher amortization of software development costs of 6.7 million and higher amortization of acquired intangibles of 2.7 million, partially offset by lower depreciation of software licenses of 1.5 million. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 13.1 million and 17.5 million, respectively, of equipment purchases and leasehold improvements and 38.7 million and 33.1 million, respectively, of software development costs were capitalized. 
 Technology and communications expenses increased by 10.5 million primarily due to higher software subscription costs of 8.2 million and higher cloud hosting costs of 2.1 million. 
 Professional and consulting fees decreased by 8.0 million primarily due to lower acquisition-related integration consulting fees of 3.5 million, lower recruiting fees of 1.9 million, lower other consulting fees of 1.4 million and lower consulting costs related to our self-clearing operations of 1.2 million. 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 4.7 million primarily due to higher litigation reserves of 2.0 million, higher travel and entertainment costs of 1.5 million and higher regulatory fees of 1.0 million. 
 50 

Other Income (Expense) 
 Our other income (expense) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

in thousands) 

Interest income 
 
 5,040 

401 

4,639 

NM 

Interest expense 
 
 (700) 

(842) 

142 

(16.9) 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate 
 
 1,126 

1,126 

NM 

Other, net 
 
 5,946 

(2,871) 

8,817 

NM 

Total other income (expense) 
 
 11,412 

(3,312) 

14,724 

NM 

NM - not meaningful 

Interest income increased by 4.6 million primarily due to higher interest rates. 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate represents the proportionate share of net income of our equity method investee. 
 Other, net increased by 8.8 million principally due to higher foreign exchange gains of 9.1 million and higher income due to revaluations of contingent consideration payable of 0.6 million offset by losses of 0.9 million on foreign exchange forward contracts. 
 Provision for Income Taxes. 
 The provision for income taxes and effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

in thousands) 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 88,064 

76,035 

12,029 

15.8 

Effective tax rate 
 
 26.0 

22.8 

The provision for income taxes reflected 0.5 million and 11.7 million of excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation awards that vested or were exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the provision for income taxes included 3.2 million of expense related to a settlement with New York State to resolve the 2010 to 2014 audits. We recorded a provision for unrecognized tax benefits of 0.2 million and a benefit from unrecognized tax benefits of 1.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our consolidated effective tax rate can vary from period to period depending on the geographic mix of our earnings, changes in tax legislation and tax rates and the amount and timing of excess tax benefits related to share-based payments, among other factors. 
 51 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we have met our funding requirements through cash on hand, internally generated funds and short-term borrowings. Cash and cash equivalents and investments totaled 514.5 million as of December 31, 2022. Our investments generally consist of U.S. Treasury securities. We limit the amounts that can be invested in any single issuer and invest in short- to intermediate-term instruments whose fair values are less sensitive to interest rate changes. 
 In October 2021, we entered into a new three-year revolving credit facility (the 2021 Credit Agreement provided by a syndicate of lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, that provides aggregate commitments totaling 500.0 million, consisting of a revolving credit facility and a 5.0 million letter of credit sub-limit for standby letters of credit. The 2021 Credit Agreement replaced the 2020 Credit Agreement and will mature on October 15, 2024, with our option to request up to two additional 364-day extensions at the discretion of each lender and subject to customary conditions. As of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding and 500.0 million in available borrowing capacity under the 2021 Credit Agreement. The 2021 Credit Agreement requires that we satisfy certain covenants, which include a leverage ratio. We were in compliance with all applicable covenants at December 31, 2022. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 In connection with its self-clearing operations, our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary entered into an agreement (the Collateralized Agreement with its settlement bank to provide loans up to an aggregate of 200.0 million on an uncommitted basis. Borrowings under the Collateralized Agreement are collateralized by securities pledged by the U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary to the settlement bank, subject to applicable haircuts and concentration limits. As of December 31, 2022, the U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary had no borrowings outstanding and 200.0 million in available borrowing capacity under the Collateralized Agreement. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the Collateralized Agreement. 
 Under arrangements with their settlement banks, certain of our U.S. and U.K. operating subsidiaries may receive overnight financing in the form of bank overdrafts. As of December 31, 2022, we had no overdrafts payable outstanding. 
 As a result of our self-clearing and settlement activities, we are required to finance certain transactions, maintain deposits with various clearing organizations and clearing broker-dealers and maintain a special reserve bank account for the benefit of customers pursuant to Rule 15c3-3 of the Exchange Act. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the positions financed, deposits and customer reserve balances associated with our self-clearing and settlement activities was 221.7 million. These requirements can fluctuate based on trading activity, market volatility or other factors which may impact our liquidity or require us to use our capital resources. 
 Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Our cash flows were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

in thousands) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 289,231 

282,091 

7,140 

2.5 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 
 (86,272) 

(67,694) 

(18,578) 

27.4 

Net cash (used in) financing activities 
 
 (242,378) 

(189,775) 

(52,603) 

27.7 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 
 (13,484) 

(7,105) 

(6,379) 

89.8 

Net (decrease) increase for the period 
 
 (52,903) 

17,517 

(70,420) 
 
 NM 

NM - not meaningful 

The 7.1 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in the change in net receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers associated with our clearing activities of 87.9 million and higher stock-based compensation expense of 2.6 million, offset by higher net purchases of trading investments of 44.0 million, an increase in the change in accounts receivable of 30.7 million, lower net income of 7.7 million and lower amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets of 1.1 million. 
 The 18.6 million increase in net cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to an increase in cash used for an equity method investment of 34.4 million and an increase in capital expenditures of 1.3 million, offset by lower cash used for acquisitions of 17.1 million. 
 The 52.6 million increase in net cash used in financing activities was principally due to 26.2 million in payments of contingent consideration related to acquisitions, an increase in repurchases of our common stock of 24.4 million, an increase in cash dividends paid on common stock of 6.2 million and a decrease in exercises of stock options of 6.4 million, offset by a decrease in withholding tax payments on restricted stock vesting and stock option exercises of 10.5 million. 
 The 6.4 million change in the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents was driven by a higher cumulative translation adjustment due to the strengthening U.S. dollar. 
 Past trends of cash flows are not necessarily indicative of future cash flow levels. A decrease in cash flows may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, business and financial condition. 
 52 

Other Factors Influencing Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We believe that our current resources are adequate to meet our liquidity needs and requirements, including commitments for capital expenditures, in the short-term (during the next 12 months). However, our future liquidity and capital requirements will depend on a number of factors, including liquidity requirements associated with our self-clearing operations and expenses associated with product development and expansion and new business opportunities that are intended to further diversify our revenue streams. We may also acquire or invest in technologies, business ventures or products that are complementary to our business. In the event we require any additional financing, it will take the form of equity or debt financing. Any additional equity offerings may result in dilution to our stockholders. Any debt financings, if available at all, may involve restrictive covenants with respect to dividends, issuances of additional capital and other financial and operational matters related to our business. In addition, in the long-term (beyond 12 months), we believe our liquidity needs and requirements will be affected by the factors discussed above. 
 One of our U.S. subsidiaries is registered as a broker-dealer and therefore is subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and FINRA. These rules contain minimum net capital requirements, as defined in the applicable regulations. Certain of our foreign subsidiaries are regulated by the FCA in the U.K. or other foreign regulators and must maintain financial resources, as defined in the applicable regulations, in excess of the applicable financial resources requirement. As of December 31, 2022, each of our subsidiaries that are subject to these regulations had net capital or financial resources in excess of their minimum requirements. As of December 31, 2022, our subsidiaries maintained aggregate net capital and financial resources that were 518.2 million in excess of the required levels of 27.1 million. 
 Each of our U.S. and foreign regulated subsidiaries are subject to local regulations which generally limit, or require the prior notification to or approval from such regulated entity s principal regular before, the repayment of borrowings from our affiliates, paying cash dividends, making loans to our affiliates or otherwise entering into transactions that result in a significant reduction in regulatory net capital or financial resources. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of unrestricted cash held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries was 203.1 million. 
 We execute bond transactions between our institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller in trades. Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary operates under a self-clearing model for the settlement of such transactions. Our subsidiaries also settle their transactions through third-party clearing brokers or settlement agents. Settlement typically occurs within one to two trading days after the trade date. Cash settlement of the transaction occurs upon receipt or delivery of the underlying instrument that was traded. Under both the self-clearing and the third-party clearing models, we may be exposed to credit risk in the event a counterparty does not fulfill its obligation to complete a transaction or if there is an error in executing a matched principal transaction. Pursuant to the terms of the securities clearing agreements, each third-party clearing broker has the right to charge us for any losses they suffer resulting from a counterparty s failure on any of our trades. We did not record any liabilities or losses with regard to counterparty failures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Substantially all of our open securities failed-to-deliver and securities failed-to-receive transactions as of December 31, 2022 have subsequently settled at the contractual amounts. 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into contracts that contain a variety of representations, warranties and indemnification provisions. Our maximum exposure from any claims under these arrangements is unknown, as this would involve claims that have not yet occurred. 
 We have operating leases for corporate offices with initial lease terms ranging from one year to 15 years. We have total future contractual rent payments on these leases of 112.7 million, with 11.0 million due within the next 12 months and 101.7 million due beyond 12 months. 
 We enter into one-month foreign currency forward contracts to economically hedge our exposure to variability in certain foreign currency transaction gains and losses. As of December 31, 2022, the notional value of our foreign currency forward contract outstanding was 62.2 million and the fair value of the liability was 1.7 million. 
 On April 9, 2021, we acquired MuniBrokers. The purchase price consisted of 17.1 million in cash paid at closing and up to 25.0 million in contingent consideration payable in cash within approximately two years of the closing. In May 2022, we made a payment of 8.3 million to settle the first earn-out period consideration. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining outstanding contingent consideration payable was 12.3 million. 
 In January 2021, our Board authorized a new share repurchase program for up to 100.0 million that commenced in April 2021 and was exhausted in January 2022. In January 2022, our Board authorized a new share repurchase program for up to 150.0 million that commenced in March 2022. Shares repurchased under the program will be held in treasury for future use. As of December 31, 2022, we had 100.0 million of remaining capacity under the program. 
 See Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion of our repurchases of our common stock and our dividend policy. 
 53 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures: earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), EBITDA margin and free cash flow. We define EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by revenues. We define free cash flow as cash flow from operating activities excluding the net change in trading investments and net change in securities failed-to-deliver and securities failed-to-receive from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers, less expenditures for furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements and capitalized software development costs. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures, when taken into consideration with the corresponding GAAP financial measures, are important in understanding our operating results. EBITDA, EBITDA margin and free cash flow are not measures of financial performance or liquidity under GAAP and therefore should not be considered an alternative to net income or cash flow from operating activities as an indicator of operating performance or liquidity. We believe that EBITDA, EBITDA margin and free cash flow provide useful additional information concerning profitability of our operations and business trends and the cash flow available to pay dividends, repurchase stock and meet working capital requirements. 
 The table set forth below presents a reconciliation of our net income to EBITDA and net income margin to EBITDA margin, as defined, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Net income 
 
 250,224 

257,888 

Add back: 

Interest expense 
 
 700 

842 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 88,064 

76,035 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 61,446 

53,447 

EBITDA 
 
 400,434 

388,212 

Net income margin 1 
 
 34.8 

36.9 

Add back: 

Interest expense 
 
 0.1 

0.1 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 12.3 

10.9 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 8.6 

7.6 

EBITDA margin 2 
 
 55.7 

55.5 

1 Net income margin is derived by dividing net income by total revenues for the applicable period. 

2 EBITDA margin is derived by dividing EBITDA by total revenues for the applicable period. 

The table set forth below presents a reconciliation of our net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow, as defined, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 289,231 

282,091 

Exclude: Net change in trading investments 
 
 49,527 

5,574 

Exclude: Net change in fail-to-deliver/receive from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers 
 
 (25,994) 

59,651 

Less: Purchases of furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements 
 
 (13,142) 

(17,493) 

Less: Capitalization of software development costs 
 
 (38,730) 

(33,123) 

Free cash flow 
 
 260,892 

296,700 

54 

I tem 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Market risk is the risk of the loss resulting from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Market Risk 
 The global financial services business is, by its nature, risky and volatile and is directly affected by many national and international factors that are beyond our control. Any one of these factors may cause a substantial decline in the U.S. and global financial services markets, resulting in reduced trading volume and revenues. These events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 74.4 million of investments in U.S. Treasuries that were classified as trading securities. Adverse movements, such as a decrease in the value of these securities or a downturn or disruption in the markets for these securities, could result in a substantial loss. A 10 decrease in the market value of our U.S. Treasuries would result in a loss of approximately 7.4 million. In addition, principal gains and losses resulting from these securities could on occasion have a disproportionate effect, positive or negative, on our financial condition and results of operations for any particular reporting period. 
 See also Part I, Item 1A . Risk Factors Risks Related to Global Economic and Market Conditions Global economic, political and market factors beyond our control could reduce demand for our services, and our profitability and business could suffer. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk represents our exposure to interest rate changes with respect to our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and deposits. As of December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and deposits amounted to 572.7 million. A hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would increase or decrease our interest income by approximately 5.7 million, assuming no change in the amount or composition of our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and deposits. In addition, fluctuations in interest rates could result in unrealized gains or losses on our U.S. Treasuries. 
 We do not maintain an inventory of bonds that are traded on our platform. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We conduct operations in several different countries outside of the U.S., most notably the U.K., and substantial portions of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are generated and denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies. Since our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Accordingly, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against the other currencies will affect our net operating revenues, operating expenses, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 14.5 of our revenue and 26.1 of our expenses were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, most notably the British Pound Sterling. Based on actual results over the past year, a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the U.S. dollar against all other currencies would have increased or decreased revenue by approximately 10.5 million and operating expenses by approximately 10.2 million. 
 Credit Risk 
 Through certain of our subsidiaries, we execute bond transactions between our institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller in trades. Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary operates a self-clearing model for the settlement of such transactions. Our subsidiaries also settle their transactions through third-party clearing brokers or settlement agents. Settlement typically occurs within one to two trading days after the trade date. Cash settlement of the transaction occurs upon receipt or delivery of the underlying instrument that was traded. 
 We are exposed to credit and performance risks in our role as matched principal trading counterparty to our clients executing bond trades on our platform, including the risk that counterparties that owe us money or securities will not perform their obligations. These parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. Adverse movements in the prices of securities that are the subject of these transactions can increase our risk. In connection with Open Trading or other anonymous protocols, we expect that the number of transactions in which we act as a matched principal will increase. 
 We have policies, procedures and automated controls in place to identify and manage our credit risk. There can be no assurance that these policies, procedures and automated controls will effectively mitigate our credit risk exposure. Some of our risk management procedures are reliant upon the evaluation of information regarding the fixed-income markets, our clients or other relevant matters that are publicly available or otherwise acquired from third party sources. Such information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly assessed and interpreted by us. If our risk management procedures fail, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, our insurance policies are unlikely to provide coverage for such risks. 
 55 

Cash and cash equivalents include cash and money market instruments that are primarily maintained at three major global banks. Given this concentration, we are exposed to certain credit risk in relation to our deposits at these banks. 
 Derivative Risk 
 Our limited derivative risk stems from our activities in the foreign currency forward contract market. We use this market to economically hedge our foreign exchange gains and losses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations that arise from our U.S. dollar versus British Pound Sterling exposure from the activities of our U.K. subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the notional amount of our foreign currency forward contract was 60.5 million. We do not hold derivative instruments for purposes other than economically hedging foreign currency risk. 
 56 

I tem 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 58 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 59 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 61 

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 62 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 63 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 64 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 66 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 67 

57 

M ANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . 
 Based on its assessment and those criteria, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by (PCAOB ID ), an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 58 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of changes in stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 59 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition - Open Trading Commissions 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company executes trades between and among institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller Open Trading ). Open Trading variable transaction fees, which represent commissions for matched principal trades, were 175.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Variable transaction fees are generally calculated as a percentage of the notional dollar volume of bonds traded on the platform and vary based on the type, size, yield, maturity of the bond traded, and individual client incentives. For Open Trading trades, the Company earns its commission through the difference in price between the two trades. As disclosed by management, commissions are determined based on the fee schedule associated with the instrument being traded. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition for Open Trading commissions is a critical audit matter are the significant audit effort in performing procedures and evaluating evidence related to this revenue type, which is calculated based on the instrument being traded, volume of the instrument being traded, and individual client incentives. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the completeness and accuracy of Open Trading commission. These procedures also included, among others, testing a sample of Open Trading transactions by (i) agreeing the details of the trade to underlying documentation, (ii) agreeing fees charged to the fee schedule based on the trade details, and as applicable, any individual client incentives, and (iii) recalculating the Open Trading commission variable transaction fee. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2000. 

60 

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

As of 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash segregated under federal regulations 

Investments, at fair value 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 

Furniture, equipment, leasehold improvements and capitalized software, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Liabilities 

Accrued employee compensation 

Payables to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers 

Income and other tax liabilities 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 15) 

Stockholders' equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series A Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock voting, par value, shares authorized, shares and shares issued and shares and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock non-voting, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock - Common stock voting, at cost, shares and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 
 () 

() 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 () 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

61 

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Revenues 

Commissions 

Information services 

Post-trade services 

Other 

Total revenues 

Expenses 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Depreciation and amortization 

Technology and communications 

Professional and consulting fees 

Occupancy 

Marketing and advertising 

Clearing costs 

General and administrative 

Total expenses 

Operating income 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Interest expense 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense) 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Net income per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Cash dividends declared per common share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

62 

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(In thousands) 

Net income 

Net cumulative translation adjustment and foreign currency exchange hedge, net of tax of , ), and ), respectively 
 
 () 

() 

Net unrealized gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale, net of tax of , and ), respectively 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

63 

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 64 

Common Stock Voting 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Treasury Stock - Common Stock Voting 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Net income 

Cumulative translation adjustment and foreign currency exchange hedge, net of tax 

Unrealized net (loss) on securities available-for-sale, net of tax 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Withholding tax payments on restricted stock vesting and stock option exercises 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

Cash dividend on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net income 

Cumulative translation adjustment and foreign currency exchange hedge, net of tax 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Withholding tax payments on restricted stock vesting and stock option exercises 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

Cash dividend on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Net income 

Cumulative translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Withholding tax payments on restricted stock vesting and stock option exercises 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

Treasury stock reclassification 

() 

Cash dividend on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

65 

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Deferred taxes 
 
 () 

Foreign currency transaction gains 
 
 () 

Other 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in accounts receivable 
 
 () 

() 

(Increase) in receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers 
 
 () 

() 

() 

(Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets 
 
 () 

() 

(Increase) decrease in trading investments 
 
 () 

() 

Decrease (increase) in mutual funds held in rabbi trust 

() 

() 

(Decrease) increase in accrued employee compensation 
 
 () 

() 

Increase in payables to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers 

(Decrease) increase in income and other tax liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

Increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

(Decrease) in operating lease liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired 

() 

() 

Acquisition of equity method investment 
 
 () 

Available-for-sale investments 

Proceeds from maturities and sales 

Purchases 

() 

Purchases of furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Capitalization of software development costs 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 
 () 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Cash dividend on common stock 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Withholding tax payments on restricted stock vesting and stock option exercises 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Payment of contingent consideration 
 
 () 

Proceeds from short-term borrowings 

Repayments of short-term borrowings 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) financing activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 
 () 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash 

Net (decrease) increase for the period 
 
 () 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activity: 

Exercise of stock options - cashless 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Contingent consideration payable recognized in connection with acquisitions 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

66 

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 . Through its subsidiaries, MarketAxess operates leading electronic trading platforms delivering expanded liquidity opportunities, improved execution quality and significant cost savings across global fixed-income markets. Over 2,000 institutional investor and broker-dealer firms are active users of MarketAxess patented trading technology, accessing global liquidity on its platforms in U.S. investment-grade bonds, U.S. high-yield bonds, emerging market debt, Eurobonds, municipal bonds, U.S. government bonds and other fixed-income securities. Through its Open Trading protocols, MarketAxess executes bond trades between and among institutional investor and broker-dealer clients in the leading all-to-all anonymous trading environment for corporate bonds. MarketAxess also offers a number of trading-related products and services, including: Composite+ pricing and other market data products to assist clients with trading decisions; auto-execution and other execution services for clients requiring specialized workflow solutions; connectivity solutions that facilitate straight-through processing; and technology services to optimize trading environments. The Company also provides a range of pre- and post-trade services, including trade matching, trade publication, regulatory transaction reporting and market and reference data across a range of fixed-income and other products. 

67 
 
 MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

and are derived from trading-related fees and commissions and revenues from products and services. The Company continually monitors collections and payments from its customers and maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance for credit losses is based on an estimate of the amount of potential credit losses in existing accounts receivable, as determined from a review of aging schedules, past due balances, historical collection experience and other specific collection issues that have been identified. Account balances are grouped for evaluation based on various risk characteristics, including billing type, legal entity, and geographic region. Additions to the allowance for credit losses are charged to bad debt expense, which is included in general and administrative expense in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Balances that are determined to be uncollectable are written off against the allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The provision for bad debts was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Write-offs and other charges against the allowance for credit losses were million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 . The Company amortizes leasehold improvements on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the life of the improvement or the remaining term of the lease. 
 . The Company reviews the amounts capitalized for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be recoverable. 
 . The Company reviews the amounts capitalized for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be recoverable. 
 Operations. The Company records the fair value of the forward contract asset in prepaid expenses and other assets or the fair value of the forward contract liability in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 revenue streams as described below. Commission Revenue The Company charges its broker-dealer clients variable transaction fees for trades executed on its platforms and, under certain plans, distribution fees or monthly minimum fees to use the platforms for a particular product area. Variable transaction fees are recognized on a trade date basis, are generally calculated as a percentage of the notional dollar volume of bonds traded on the platforms and vary based on the type, size, yield and maturity of the bond traded, as well as individual client incentives. Bonds that are more actively traded or that have shorter maturities generally generate lower commissions, while bonds that are less actively traded or that have longer maturities generally command higher commissions. Under the Company s disclosed trading transaction fee plans, variable transaction fees, distribution fees and unused monthly fee commitments are invoiced and recorded on a monthly basis. For Open Trading trades that the Company executes between and among institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller, the Company earns its commission through the difference in price between the two trades. The commission is collected upon settlement of the trade, which typically occurs within one to two trading days after the trade date. For the majority of the Company s U.S. Treasury matched principal trades, commissions are invoiced and recorded on a monthly basis. 

Open Trading - matched principal trading 

U.S. government bonds - matched principal trading 

Total variable transaction fees 

Distribution fees and unused minimum fees 

Total commissions 

Information services Information services includes data licensed to the Company s broker-dealer clients, institutional investor clients and data-only subscribers; professional and consulting services; technology software licenses; and maintenance and support services. The nature and timing of each performance obligation may vary as these contracts are either subscription-based services transferred over time, and may be net of volume-based discounts, or one-time services that are transferred at a point in time. Revenues for services transferred over time are recognized ratably over the contract period as the Company s performance obligation is met whereas revenues for services transferred at a point in time are recognized in the period the services are provided. Customers are generally billed monthly, quarterly, or annually; revenues billed in advance are deferred and recognized ratably over the contract period. 

Services transferred at a point in time 

Total information services revenues 

Post-trade services Post-trade services revenue is generated from regulatory transaction reporting, trade publication and trade matching services. Customers are generally billed monthly in arrears and revenue is recognized in the period transactions are processed. Revenues billed in advance are deferred and recognized ratably over the contract period. The Company also generates one-time implementation fees for onboarding clients which are invoiced and recognized in the period the implementation is completed. 

Services transferred at a point in time 

Total post-trade services revenues 

Other revenues Other revenues primarily includes revenue from telecommunications line charges to broker-dealer clients. Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenues that the Company records when cash payments are received or due in advance of services to be performed. 

() 

Post-trade services 

() 

() 

Total deferred revenue 

() 

() 

The majority of the Company s contracts are short-term in nature with durations of less than one year. For contracts with original durations extending beyond one year, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was million as of December 31, 2022. The Company expects to recognize revenue associated with the remaining performance obligations over the next months. 

Business combinations are accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. The total cost of an acquisition is allocated to the underlying net assets based on their respective estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash flows, discount rates, growth rates, customer attrition rates and asset lives. The Company operates as a single reporting unit. Following an acquisition, goodwill no longer retains its identification with a particular acquisition, but instead becomes identifiable with the entire reporting unit. As a result, all of the fair value of the Company is available to support the value of goodwill. An impairment review of goodwill is performed on an annual basis, at year-end, or more frequently if circumstances change. Intangible assets with definite lives, including purchased technologies, customer relationships and other intangible assets, are amortized over their estimated useful lives which range from one to using either a straight-line or accelerated amortization method based on the pattern of economic benefit the Company expects to realize from such assets. Intangible assets are assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate the existence of a possible impairment. 

million in excess of the required levels of million. The Company s U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary is required to segregate funds in a special reserve bank account for the benefit of customers pursuant to Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). As of December 31, 2022, the U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary had a balance of million in its special reserve bank account. This U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary also maintained net capital that was million in excess of the required level of million. Each of the Company s U.S. and foreign regulated subsidiaries are subject to local regulations which generally limit, or require the prior notification to or approval from such regulated entity s principal regulator before, the repayment of borrowings from the Company or affiliates, paying cash dividends, making loans to the Company or affiliates or otherwise entering into transactions that result in a significant reduction in regulatory net capital or financial resources. 

71 
 
 MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Trading securities 

U.S. Treasuries 

Mutual funds held in rabbi trust 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Contingent consideration payable 

Foreign currency forward position 

Total liabilities 

As of December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Money market funds 

Trading securities 

U.S. Treasuries 

Mutual funds held in rabbi trust 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Contingent consideration payable 

Money market funds are included in cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Securities classified within Level 2 were valued using a market approach utilizing prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving comparable assets. The foreign currency forward contracts are classified within Level 2 as the valuation inputs are based on quoted market prices. The mutual funds held in a rabbi trust represent investments associated with the Company s deferred cash incentive plan. Liabilities classified within Level 3 reflect contingent consideration payable recognized in connection with acquisitions. Significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of contingent consideration payable include estimates of client retention, electronic trading volume and variable fees over periods of to from the acquisition dates. 

() 

() 

() 

The table below presents the range and average significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of the Company's Level 3 liabilities: 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Inputs 
 
 Range 
 
 Average 

in thousands) 

As of December 31, 2022 

Contingent consideration payable 
 
 Discounted cash flows 
 
 Present value factor 

April 2022-March 2023 variable fee 
 
 - 

Percentage of electronic trading volume 
 
 - 

As of December 31, 2021 

Contingent consideration payable 
 
 Discounted cash flows 
 
 Present value factor 
 
 - 

Customer retention rate 

April 2021-March 2022 variable fee 
 
 - 

Percentage of electronic trading volume 
 
 - 

. 

Cash segregated under federal regulations 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance 

Receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers 

Total 

Financial liabilities not measured at fair value: 

Payables to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers 

As of December 31, 2021 

Financial assets not measured at fair value: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash segregated under federal regulations 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance 

Receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers 

Total 

Financial liabilities not measured at fair value: 

Payables to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 securities. The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts as an economic hedge against foreign currency transaction gains and losses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. These forward contracts are for one-month periods and are used to limit exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. The Company records the fair value of the asset in prepaid expenses and other assets or the fair value of the liability in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 

Fair value of notional 

Fair value of the liability 

Realized and unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts are included in other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recorded a realized gain of million and an unrealized loss of million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company maintained a collateral deposit of million with its counterparty bank as of December 31, 2022, which is included within prepaid expenses and other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 

() 

Mutual funds held in rabbi trust 

() 

Total investments 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

Trading securities 

U.S. Treasuries 

() 

Mutual funds held in rabbi trust 

Total investments 

() 

Due in 1 - 5 years 

Total 

There were proceeds from the sales and maturities of investments during the year ended December 31, 2022. Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were million and million, respectively. Net unrealized losses on trading securities were million, million, million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. The Company did t incur any realized gains or losses on trading securities for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net realized gains were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Securities failed-to-deliver - customers 

Deposits with clearing organizations and broker-dealers 

Other 

Total 

Payables to broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers: 

Securities failed-to-receive - broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Securities failed-to-receive - customers 

Other 

Total 

million to acquire a minority ownership stake in RFQ hub Holdings LLC, an entity formed with a consortium of market participants to support the growth of RFQ-hub, a bilateral multi-asset request for quote platform. The Company possesses significant influence over RFQ hub Holdings LLC and is accounting for its investment under the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company s investment is recorded at carrying value of million within prepaid expenses and other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The Company s proportionate share of RFQ hub Holdings LLC s net earnings was million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and is recorded within equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. On April 9, 2021, the Company acquired MuniBrokers LLC MuniBrokers ), a central electronic venue serving municipal bond brokers and dealers. The purchase price consisted of million in cash paid at closing and up to million of contingent consideration payable within approximately of the acquisition date. The Company accounted for the transaction as a business combination and utilized an independent third-party to assist in determining the fair value of the acquired intangible assets. The accounting purchase price was million, comprised of million of cash and million of contingent consideration payable, which was included within accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The Company recorded million of amortizable intangible assets and million of goodwill as of the acquisition date. The acquired intangible assets consist of customer relationships and technology and have useful lives ranging from to years. In 2022, the Company recognized a decrease of million to the contingent consideration payable due to the finalization of the first earn-out period consideration, which was recorded as a gain in other, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In May 2022, the Company made a payment of million to settle the first earn-out period consideration. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining outstanding contingent consideration payable was million . On November 30, 2020, the Company acquired Regulatory Services GmbH, the pan-European regulatory reporting business of Deutsche B rse Group Regulatory Reporting Hub ). The purchase price consisted of million in cash paid at closing and up to million in contingent consideration payable in cash within months of the closing. The Company accounted for the transaction as a purchase of assets and recorded million in amortizable intangible assets as of the acquisition date. In April 2022, the Company made a final payment of million to settle the contingent consideration payable. 

million as of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Intangible assets that are subject to amortization, including the related accumulated amortization, are comprised of the following: 

() 

() 

Technology and other intangibles 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Amortization expense associated with identifiable intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Annual estimated total amortization expense is million, million, million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023 through 2027 , respectively. 

76 
 
 MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Computer hardware and related software 

Office hardware 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 
 () 

() 

Total 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, software development costs totaling million and million, respectively, were capitalized. Non-capitalized software costs and routine maintenance costs are expensed as incurred and are included in employee compensation and benefits and professional and consulting fees in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

77 
 
 MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

State and local 

Foreign 

Total current provision 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 
 () 

State and local 
 
 () 

Foreign 

Total deferred provision 
 
 () 

Provision for income taxes 

Pre-tax income from U.S. operations was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Pre-tax income from foreign operations was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. and the Company's effective tax rate is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

U.S. federal statutory tax rate 

State and local taxes - net of federal benefit 

Credits and deductions related to research activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Foreign rate differential benefit 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Other, net 

Effective tax rate 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred Compensation 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 
 
 () 

() 

Capitalized software development costs 
 
 () 

() 

Goodwill and intangible assets 
 
 () 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 () 

() 

Deferred tax (liability) asset, net 
 
 () 

() 

The Company or one of its subsidiaries files U.S. federal, state and foreign income tax returns. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company's provision for income taxes included million of expense related to a settlement with New York State to resolve the 2010 to 2014 audits. The Company is currently under a New York State income tax examination for tax years through and a New York City income tax examination for the tax years through . At this time, the Company cannot estimate when the examinations will conclude or the impact such examinations will have on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, if any. Generally, other than the New York City and New York State audits, the Company is no longer subject to tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2019. 

Increases based on tax positions related to the current period 

Increases based on tax positions related to prior periods 

(Decreases) based on tax positions related to prior periods 

() 

(Decreases) related to cash settlements with taxing authorities 
 
 () 

Balance at end of year 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of net unrecognized tax benefits which, if recognized, would affect the Company s effective tax rate. Due to the uncertainty related to the timing and potential outcome of the audits, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the amount of the unrecognized tax benefit that could be adjusted in the next 12 months. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized gross expenses of million, million and million, respectively, in penalties and interest. The Company had million and million accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company will recognize any U.S. income tax expense the Company may incur on global intangible low-taxed income as income tax expense in the period in which the tax is incurred. 

authorized shares of voting common stock and authorized shares of non-voting common stock. Voting common stock entitles the holder to vote per share of common stock held. 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of restricted stock, net of cancellations 

Shares withheld for withholding tax payments 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Repurchases 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Outstanding shares of voting common stock at the end of year 

In January 2019, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program for up to million, which commenced in and expired in March 2021. In January 2021, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program for up to million that commenced in April 2021 and was exhausted in January 2022. In January 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program for up to million. Shares repurchased under each program will be held in treasury for future use. Dividends During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid quarterly cash dividends of per share, per share and per share, respectively. Any future declaration and payment of dividends will be at the sole discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may take into account such matters as general business conditions, the Company s financial results and condition, capital requirements, contractual obligations, and legal and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends to the Company s stockholders or by the Company s subsidiaries to their respective parent entities, and any such other factors as the Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

 shares available for grant under the 2020 Plan. 

Stock options 

Non-employee directors: 

Restricted stock 

Total stock-based compensation 

The Company records stock-based compensation expense for employees in employee compensation and benefits and for non-employee directors in general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Stock Options The exercise price of each option granted is equal to the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Generally, option grants have provided for vesting over a three or five -year period. Options generally expire in six or from the date of grant. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by the Company s stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables, including the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, the risk-free interest rate, the expected dividend yield rate and the expected term. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the Company s stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury securities with a maturity value approximating the expected term of the option. The dividend yield rate is based on the expected annual dividends to be paid divided by the expected stock price. The expected term represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding based on actual and projected employee stock option exercise behavior. The weighted-average fair value for options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. awards based on the Monte Carlo model discussed below: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

In addition to the option grants above, stock options were granted to the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer in January 2019 with an aggregate grant date fair value of million, as determined by an independent third party using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The exercise price is for of the stock options and for the remaining stock options, which is equal to and , respectively, of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. Subject to the grantee s continued service with the Company, the options will vest and become exercisable on . The options expire on . Key assumptions used for the Monte Carlo model included a risk-free interest rate of , volatility of and a dividend yield of . In November 2018, stock options were granted to the Company s Chief Executive Officer with a grant date fair value of million, as determined by an independent third party using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The exercise price is for of the stock options and for the remaining stock options, which is equal to and , respectively, of the fair market value of the Company s stock on the grant date. Subject to the grantee s continued service with the Company, the options will vest and become exercisable on . The options expire on . Key assumptions used for the Monte Carlo model included a risk-free interest rate of , volatility of and a dividend yield of . 

Granted 

Canceled 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Canceled 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Canceled 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The intrinsic value is the amount by which the closing price of the Company s common stock on December 31, 2022 of or the price on the day of exercise exceeds the exercise price of the stock options multiplied by the number of shares. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of year. Service-Based Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Awards Our annual compensation program includes share-based compensation awards as a component of certain employees total compensation. These awards are generally subject to annual vesting requirements over a three-year period beginning at the date of grant, which occurs in the first quarter of each year. Accordingly, the expense is generally amortized over the stated vesting period. In addition, we grant shared-based compensation awards in conjunction with certain new hires and for retention purposes. These awards generally vest over a three-year period and expense is recognized over the requisite service period. Performance Equity Awards The Company grants performance equity awards to certain executives and senior managers of the firm as a component of their total compensation and in conjunction with new hires and for retention purposes. Annual performance equity awards generally vest over a three-year period and contain both performance- and service-based elements. The Company has also granted awards with a five-year vesting period with performance- and service-based elements. In January 2020 and January 2021, annual performance equity awards were granted with three-year performance periods, whereby the final amount that vests will be determined based on the level of achievement by the Company of certain predetermined metrics, including pre-tax adjusted operating margin and market share for the following three fiscal years, including the year of grant. The final awarded pay-out for the awards granted in 2020 was certified at in January 2023. The final awarded pay-out for the awards granted in 2021 will range from to . Subject to the grantee s continued service, any performance equity awarded to a participant will vest on the three-year anniversary of the grant date. Compensation expense for the three-year performance shares is measured at the grant date and expensed over the requisite service period with performance target achievement assessed at the end of each reporting period. In August 2021, the Chief Financial Officer received a performance equity award of target shares in connection with his promotion to Chief Financial Officer. The award is substantially similar to the annual bonus performance equity awards granted in January 2021, except that the performance achievement will be determined using 2022 and 2023 fiscal years only. The award will fully vest on after certification of the performance criteria, subject to continued employment by the Chief Financial Officer through such date. In January 2022, annual performance equity awards were granted with a three-year performance period, whereby the final amount that vests will be determined based on the level of achievement by the Company of certain predetermined metrics, including pre-tax adjusted operating margin, U.S. credit market share, and revenue growth excluding U.S. credit for the following three fiscal years, including the year of grant. The final awarded payout for the awards granted in 2022 will range from to . Subject to the grantee s continued service, any performance equity awarded to a participant will vest on the three-year anniversary of the grant date. Compensation expense for the three-year performance shares is measured at the grant date and expensed over the requisite service period with performance target achievement assessed at the end of each reporting period. In March 2022, the Chief Information Officer received a one-time sign-on equity award consisting, in part, of a performance stock unit award with a target of shares. The award is substantially similar to the annual bonus performance equity awards granted in January 2022. The award will fully vest on after certification of the performance criteria, subject to continued employment by the Chief Information Officer through such date. 

In addition to the grants above, performance shares were granted to the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer in January 2019 with an aggregate fair value of million as determined by an independent third party using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The performance share award provides that the number of shares earned will be based on the Company s achievement of certain share price levels during the five-year performance period. The performance level is for of the performance shares and for the remaining performance shares, which is equal to and , respectively, of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. Each of the performance levels have been achieved. Subject to the grantee s continued service with the Company, earned shares will vest on . Key assumptions used for the Monte Carlo simulation included a risk-free interest rate of , volatility of and a dividend yield of . In November 2018, performance shares were granted to the Company s Chief Executive Officer with a grant date fair value of million as determined by an independent third party using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The performance share award provides that the number of shares earned will be based on the Company s achievement of certain share price levels during the five-year performance period. The performance level is for of the performance shares and for the remaining performance shares, which is equal to and , respectively, of the fair market value of the Company s stock on the grant date. Each of the performance levels have been achieved. Subject to the grantee s continued service with the Company, earned shares will vest on . Key assumptions used for the Monte Carlo model included a risk-free interest rate of , volatility of and a dividend yield of . 

Granted 

Performance share pay-out 

Canceled 

() 

Vested 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Performance share pay-out 

Canceled 

() 

Vested 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Performance share pay-out 

Canceled 

() 

Vested 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock and performance shares. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Employee Stock Purchase Plans The Company previously maintained the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Prior ESPP ), a non-qualified employee stock purchase plan for non-executive employees. Under the Prior ESPP, participants were granted the right to purchase shares of the Company's common stock based on the fair market value on the last day of the six-month offering period. On the purchase date, the Company granted to the participants a number of restricted stock units equal to of the aggregate shares purchased by the participant. These matching restricted stock units vested over a period. The Company issued , and matching restricted stock units in connection with the Prior ESPP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. . In June 2022, the Company s stockholders approved the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP pursuant to which a total of shares of the Company s Common Stock will be made available for purchase by employees. The ESPP is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan meeting the requirements of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. The ESPP was adopted by the Company s Board of Directors in April 2022 and approved by the Company s stockholders in June 2022. The ESPP has a series of six-month offering periods, with a new offering period beginning on the first trading day on or after February 16 and August 16 of each year. Subject to certain limitations, employees may contribute up to of such employee s total eligible compensation per month towards the purchase of common stock via payroll deductions. Purchase dates occur on the first trading day on or after February 15 and August 15 of each year and shares are purchased at a discount off the lesser of: (i) the fair market value per share on the first day of each offering period; and (ii) the fair market value per share on the purchase date, but in no event less than par value. The first offering period under the ESPP began on August 16, 2022. 

 83 
 
 MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Stock options and restricted stock totaling shares, shares and shares for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because their effect would have been antidilutive. The computation of diluted shares can vary among periods due, in part, to the change in the average price of the Company s common stock. 

 million. The 2015 Credit Agreement matured on and the Company entered into a new credit agreement (the 2020 Credit Agreement with a syndicate of lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, that provided aggregate commitments totaling million, consisting of a revolving credit facility and a million letter of credit sub-limit for standby letters of credit. Borrowings under the 2020 Credit Agreement bore interest at a rate per annum equal to the base rate or adjusted LIBOR plus an applicable margin that varies with the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio. The 2020 Credit Agreement required that the Company satisfy certain covenants, which include leverage ratios and minimum earnings before interest, tax, and depreciation and amortization EBITDA requirements. The Company did not incur any interest expense under the 2020 Credit Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company incurred million of interest expense under the 2015 Credit Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2020. 2021 Credit Agreement revolving credit facility (the 2021 Credit Agreement provided by a syndicate of lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, which provides aggregate commitments totaling million, consisting of a revolving credit facility and a million letter of credit sub-limit for standby letters of credit. The 2021 Credit Agreement will mature on , with the Company s option to request up to two additional -day extensions at the discretion of each lender and subject to customary conditions. Subject to satisfaction of certain specified conditions, the Company is permitted to upsize the 2021 Credit Agreement by up to million in total . As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had letters of credit outstanding and million in available borrowing capacity under the 2021 Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the base rate or adjusted LIBOR plus an applicable margin that varies with the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio. The 2021 Credit Agreement requires that the Company satisfy certain covenants, which include a leverage ratio. The Company incurred million of interest expense under the 2021 Credit Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022 . The Company did t incur any interest expense under the 2021 Credit Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2021. Collateralized Agreement In connection with its self-clearing operations, the Company s U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary entered into an agreement (the Collateralized Agreement with its settlement bank to provide loans to the subsidiary in amounts up to an aggregate of million on an uncommitted basis. Borrowings under the Collateralized Agreement are collateralized by securities pledged by the Company s broker-dealer subsidiary to the settlement bank, subject to applicable haircuts and concentration limits. Borrowings under the Collateralized Agreement will bear interest at a base rate per annum equal to the higher of the upper range of the Federal Funds Rate, 0.25 or one-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), plus . The Company did t incur any interest expense on borrowings under the Collateralized Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company incurred million of interest expense on borrowings under the Collateralized Agreement for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022 the Company had borrowings outstanding and million in available borrowing capacity under the Collateralized Agreement. Short-term Financing Under arrangements with their settlement banks, certain of the Company s U.S. and U.K. operating subsidiaries may receive overnight financing in the form of bank overdrafts. The Company incurred interest expense on such overnight financing of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had overdrafts payable outstanding. 

to years. . The Company accounts for the option to extend when it is reasonably certain of being exercised. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees, restrictions or covenants. 

Operating lease cost for subleased/assigned properties 
 
 Other, net 

Variable lease costs 
 
 Occupancy 

Sublease income for subleased/assigned properties 
 
 Other, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net lease cost 

The Company determines whether an arrangement is, or includes, a lease at contract inception. Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date and are initially measured based on the present value of lease payments over the defined lease term. As the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company used its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the adoption date in determining the present value of lease payments. 

Weighted average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

after the trade date. Cash settlement of the transaction occurs upon receipt or delivery of the underlying instrument that was traded. Under both the self-clearing and the third-party clearing models, the Company may be exposed to credit risk in the event a counterparty does not fulfill its obligation to complete a transaction or if there is an error in executing a matched principal transaction. Pursuant to the terms of the securities clearing agreements, each third-party clearing broker has the right to charge the Company for any losses they suffer resulting from a counterparty s failure on any of the Company s trades. The Company did not record any liabilities or losses with regard to counterparty failures for the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts that contain a variety of representations, warranties and indemnification provisions. The Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown, as this would involve future claims that may be made against the Company that have not yet occurred. However, based on experience, the Company expects the risk of loss to be remote . 

86 
 
 MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
 or more of the total revenues or total long-lived assets. Revenues and long-lived assets are attributed to a geographic area based on the location of the particular subsidiary. Long-lived assets are defined as furniture, equipment, leasehold improvements and capitalized software . 

Europe 

Asia 

Total 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Long-lived assets, as defined 

Americas 

Europe 

Asia 

Total 

million, million and million, respectively, to the plans. The Company offers a non-qualified deferred cash incentive plan to certain officers and other employees. Under the plan, eligible employees may defer up to of their annual cash incentive pay. The Company has elected to fund its deferred compensation obligations through a rabbi trust. The rabbi trust is subject to creditor claims in the event of insolvency, but such assets are not available for general corporate purposes. Assets held in the rabbi trust are invested in mutual funds, as selected by the participants, which are designated as trading securities and carried at fair value. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the mutual fund investments and deferred compensation obligations were million and million, respectively. Changes in the fair value of securities held in the rabbi trust and offsetting increases or decreases in the deferred compensation obligation are recognized in other, net in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

87 
 
 MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Cash segregated for regulatory purposes 
 Cash segregated under federal regulations 

Deposits with clearing organizations and broker-dealers 
 Receivables from broker-dealers, clearing organizations and customers 

Other deposits 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total 

88 
 
 MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Investments, at fair value 

Accounts receivable 

Receivable from subsidiaries 

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 

Furniture, equipment, leasehold improvements and capitalized software, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Investments in subsidiaries 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Income and other tax receivable 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Liabilities 

Accrued employee compensation 

Income and other tax liabilities 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Preferred stock 

Series A Preferred Stock 

Common stock voting 

Common stock non-voting 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock 
 
 () 

() 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 () 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Expenses 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Depreciation and amortization 

Professional and consulting fees 

General and administrative 

Total expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Interest expense 
 
 () 

() 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliate 

Other, net 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense) 
 
 () 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

() 

Benefit from income taxes 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries 

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net 
 
 () 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Deferred taxes 
 
 () 

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in accounts receivable 
 
 () 

() 

Decrease (increase) in receivable from subsidiaries 

() 

(Increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Decrease (increase) in mutual funds held in rabbi trust 

() 

() 

(Increase) decrease in income and other tax receivables 
 
 () 

() 

(Decrease) increase in accrued employee compensation 
 
 () 

Increase (decrease) in income and other tax liabilities 

() 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

() 

(Decrease) in operating lease liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Acquisition of business, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired 

() 

Acquisition of equity method investment 
 
 () 

Investments in subsidiaries 
 
 () 

Available-for-sale investments 

Proceeds from maturities and sales 

Purchases 

() 

Purchases of furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 
 () 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Cash dividend on common stock 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Withholding tax payments on restricted stock vesting and stock option exercises 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Proceeds from short-term borrowings 

Repayments of short-term borrowings 
 
 () 

() 

Net cash (used in) financing activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on investments 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash 

Net increase (decrease) for the period 
 
 () 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activity: 

Exercise of stock options - cashless 

91 

I tem 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by MarketAxess in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and to ensure that information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 identified in connection with the evaluation thereof by our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm appears in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 I tem 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 92 
 
 P ART III 
 I tem 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Corporate Governance and Board Matters, and Executive Officers in our definitive Proxy Statement (the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in the second quarter of 2023. We intend to file the Proxy Statement within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year (i.e., on or before April 30, 2023). Our Code of Conduct applicable to directors and all employees, including senior financial officers, and our Code of Ethics of the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, including the Chief Financial Officer (the Code of Ethics ), are available on our website at www.marketaxess.com . If we make any amendments to or waivers from our Code of Ethics that are required to be disclosed pursuant to the Exchange Act, we will make such disclosures on our website. 
 I tem 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Report of the Compensation and Talent Committee of the Board of Directors, Executive Compensation and Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director compensation in our Proxy Statement. 
 I tem 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item with respect to the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our Proxy Statement. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides certain information regarding common stock authorized for issuance under our incentive plan as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) 

Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 

306,253 

290.65 

2,476,930 

I tem 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions in our Proxy Statement. 
 I tem 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled Proposal 2 Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit and other fees in our Proxy Statement. 
 
 93 

P ART IV 
 I tem 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules 
 The financial statements are set forth under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included. 
 (b) Exhibit Listing 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.1(a) 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No.2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 dated May 7, 2004 (Registration No. 333-112718)) 

3.1(b) 
 
 Form of Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated June 3, 2008) 

3.2(a) 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Amendment No.2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 dated May 7, 2004 (Registration No. 333-112718)) 

3.2(b) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 25, 2013) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 dated May 7, 2004 (Registration No. 333-112718)) 

4.2(a) 
 
 See Exhibits 3.1 for provisions defining the rights of holders of common stock and non-voting common stock of the registrant 

4.2(b) 
 
 See Exhibits 3.2 for provisions defining the rights of holders of common stock and non-voting common stock of the registrant 

4.3 
 
 Description of registrant s securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019) 

10.1 
 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 10, 2020)# 

10.2 
 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan as Amended and Restated Effective June 7, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the registrant s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting for Stockholders held on June 7, 2016, filed on April 25, 2016)# 

10.3 
 
 Amendment Number One to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan as Amended and Restated Effective June 7, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 21, 2017)# 

10.4 
 
 Amendment to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated Effective June 7, 2016), as amended (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the registrant s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 7, 2018, filed April 25, 2018)# 

10.5 
 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2004 Annual Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 dated May 7, 2004 (Registration No. 333-112718))# 

10.6 
 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

94 
 
 EXHIBIT LISTING (CONTINUED) 

10.7 
 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 8, 2022)# 

10.8 
 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2009 Employee Performance Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021)# 

10.9 
 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021)# 

10.10 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017)# 

10.11 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees other than Richard M. McVey pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 15, 2008)# 

10.12 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for executive officers other than Richard M. McVey pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 22, 2016)# 

10.13 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (annual vesting) for Christopher R. Concannon pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 4, 2019)# 

10.14 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (cliff vesting) for Christopher R. Concannon pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 4, 2019)# 

10.15 
 
 Guidelines for Restricted Stock Units granted under the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 19, 2011)# 

10.16 
 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement for Christopher R. Concannon pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 4, 2019)# 

10.17 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement for Christopher R. Concannon pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 4, 2019)# 

10.18 
 
 Employment Letter Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2015, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Richard M. McVey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 15, 2015)# 

10.19 
 
 Amendment to Richard M. McVey Employment Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2017, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Richard M. McVey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 6, 2017)# 

10.20 
 
 Second Amendment to Richard M. McVey Employment Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2018, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Richard M. McVey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6, 2018)# 

10.21 
 
 Employment Letter Agreement dated as of January 6, 2023, by and between Richard M. McVey and MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 9, 2023)# 

95 
 
 EXHIBIT LISTING (CONTINUED) 

10.22 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2018, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Richard M. McVey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6, 2018)# 

10.23 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2018, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Richard M. McVey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6, 2018)# 

10.24 
 
 Performance Award Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2018, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Richard M. McVey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6, 2018)# 

10.25 
 
 Performance Award Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2018, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Richard M. McVey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K November 6, 2018)# 

10.26 
 
 Contract of Employment, dated March 15, 2017, between MarketAxess Europe Limited and Christophe Roupie (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017)# 

10.27 
 
 Employment Letter Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2019, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Christopher R. Concannon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 4, 2019)# 

10.28 
 
 Employment Letter Agreement dated as of January 6, 2023, by and between Christopher R. Concannon and MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 9, 2023)# 

10.29 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Christopher R. Concannon pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 9, 2023)# 

10.30 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement for Christopher R. Concannon pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 9, 2023)# 

10.31 
 
 Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Deferred) for U.S. based Executive Officers pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

10.32 
 
 Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Deferred) for U.S. based Executive Officers pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

10.33 
 
 Guidelines for Restricted Stock Units granted under the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

10.34 
 
 Form of 2021 Performance Stock Unit Agreement for U.S. based Executive Officers pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

10.35 
 
 Form of 2021 Incentive Stock Option Agreement for U.S. based Executive Officers pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

96 
 
 EXHIBIT LISTING (CONTINUED) 

10.36 
 
 Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Agreement for U.K. based Executive Officers pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

10.37 
 
 Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Agreement (Performance) for U.K. based Executive Officers pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

10.38 
 
 Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Agreement for Directors pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

10.39 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Directors pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

10.40 
 
 Form of 2022 and 2023 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Deferred) for U.S. based Executive Officers pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 27, 2022)# 

10.41 
 
 Form of 2022 and 2023 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Deferred) for U.S. based Executive Officers pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 27, 2022)# 

10.42 
 
 Form of 2022 and 2023 Performance Stock Unit Agreement for Mr. McVey pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 27, 2022)# 

10.43 
 
 Form of 2022 and 2023 Performance Stock Unit Agreement for U.S. based Executive Officers other than Mr. McVey pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 27, 2022)# 

10.44 
 
 Form of 2022 and 2023 Incentive Stock Option Agreement for Mr. McVey pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 27, 2022)# 

10.45 
 
 Form of 2022 and 2023 Incentive Stock Option Agreement for U.S. based Executive Officers other than Mr. McVey pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 27, 2022)# 

10.46 
 
 Form of 2022 and 2023 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for U.K. based Executive Officers pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 27, 2022)# 

10.47 
 
 Form of 2022 and 2023 Performance Stock Unit Agreement for U.K. based Executive Officers pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 27, 2022)# 

10.48 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit (Buyout) for Naineshkumar Panchal pursuant to the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 27, 2022)# 

10.50 
 
 Severance Protection Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2020, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Scott Pintoff (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2020)# 

97 
 
 EXHIBIT LISTING (CONTINUED) 

10.51 
 
 Severance Protection Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2020, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Kevin McPherson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2020)# 

10.52 
 
 Severance Protection Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Naineshkumar Shantilal Panchal# 

10.53 
 
 Proprietary Information and Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Naineshkumar Shantilal Panchal# 

10.54 
 
 MarketAxess Europe Limited Severance Protection Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2020, by and between MarketAxess Europe and Christophe Roupie (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2020)# 

10.55 
 
 Form of Amendment of Severance Protection Agreement for U.S. based Executive Officers, except Messrs. Gerosa and Panchal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

10.56 
 
 Form of Amendment of Severance Protection Agreement for U.K. based Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the registrant's Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020)# 

10.57 
 
 Severance Protection Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2021, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Christopher N. Gerosa (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 12, 2021)# 

10.58 
 
 Offer Letter, dated November 24, 2021, by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc. and Naineshkumar Shantilal Panchal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021)# 

10.59 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2021, among MarketAxess Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 15, 2021) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

98 
 
 EXHIBIT LISTING (CONTINUED) 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 has been formatted in Inline XBRL and is included in Exhibits 101. 

Filed herewith. 
 Certain confidential information, identified by bracketed asterisks [ ] has been omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 99 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 100 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ RICHARD M. MCVEY 

Richard M. McVey 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 
 February 22, 2023 

101 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title(s) 
 
 Date 

/s/ RICHARD M. MCVEY Richard M. McVey 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (principal executive officer) 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/s/ CHRISTOPHER N. GEROSA Christopher N. Gerosa 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/s/ CHRISTOPHER R. CONCANNON Christopher R. Concannon 
 
 Director, President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 February 22, 2023 

/s/ NANCY ALTOBELLO 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Nancy Altobello 

/s/ STEVEN L. BEGLEITER 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Steven L. Begleiter 

/s/ STEPHEN P. CASPER 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Stephen P. Casper 

/s/ JANE CHWICK 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Jane Chwick 

/s/ WILLIAM CRUGER 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

William Cruger 

/s/ KOURTNEY GIBSON 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Kourtney Gibson 

/s/ JUSTIN GMELICH 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Justin Gmelich 

/s/ RICHARD G. KETCHUM 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Richard G. Ketchum 

/s/XIAOJIA CHARLES LI 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Xiaojia Charles Li 

/s/ EMILY PORTNEY 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Emily Portney 

/s/ RICHARD PRAGER 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Richard Prager 

102 

<EX-10>
 2
 mktx-ex10_52.htm
 EX-10.52

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.52 
 
 MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. SEVERANCE PROTECTION AGREEMENT 
 THIS SEVERANCE PROTECTION AGREEMENT (the Agreement is dated as of March 1, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Naineshkumar Shantilal Panchal (the Executive ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Executive is a senior management employee of Company; 
 WHEREAS, the Company recognizes the value of the Executive to the Company and has determined that appropriate steps should be taken to ensure the Company of the Executive s continued attention and dedication to duty, and to ensure the availability of the Executive s continued service, including in the event of a Change in Control of the Company; and 
 WHEREAS, in order to fulfill the above purposes, and recognizing that the Executive shall be entitled to rely on various benefits, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that it is appropriate and in the best interests of the Company to enter into this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
 1. Term . The term of this Agreement (the Term shall initially be for a period of five (5) years following the Effective Date, and shall renew thereafter for successive one (1) year terms, unless the Company provides written notice to the Executive at least twelve (12) months prior to any then-applicable expiration date of its intent not to renew the Agreement; provided , that if this Agreement is in effect at the time of a Change in Control, then the Term shall continue in perpetuity thereafter. In addition, the Term shall not terminate while any payment or benefit obligation of the Company that is triggered hereunder shall remain outstanding. The Term shall automatically terminate upon a termination of Executive s employment that does not entitle the Executive to the severance benefits provided hereunder. The Proprietary Information and Non-Competition Agreement executed by you as a condition of your employment (the Restrictive Covenant Agreement shall survive the end of the Term and any termination of this Agreement. 

2. Severance Benefits Outside of the Change in Control Protection Period . If (i) the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause prior to the effective date of a Change in Control, or (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or the Executive resigns for Good Reason, in either case, following the expiration of the CIC Protection Period (as defined below), in each case, the Company shall provide the Executive with the following payments and benefits, in addition to the Accrued Payments: 

(a) Severance Payment . An amount equal to 1.0 times the sum of (A) the Executive s Base Salary plus (B) the Executive s Average Annual Bonus, payable in regular installments over 12 months in accordance with the Company s general payroll practices beginning on the first payroll date following the Release Effective Date, with the first such installment including any accrued but unpaid amounts; 

(b) Prorated Bonus Payment; Prior Year Bonus . An amount equal to the Average Annual Bonus, prorated based on the number of days during the year of termination that the Executive was employed prior to the Termination Date, payable in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the Release Effective Date; provided, however , if the Company chooses to terminate Executive s employment without Cause prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date, Executive shall receive an amount equal to 880,000, prorated based on the number of days during the year of termination that the Executive was employed prior to the Termination Date. In addition, to the extent not paid as of the Termination Date, the annual bonus (if any) earned by the Executive for the year immediately preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs, determined in good faith on a basis consistent with the Company s annual incentive compensation program and payable at the same time as bonuses paid to senior executives of the Company, or, if later, the first payroll date following the Release Effective Date; 

(c) Medical Benefits . If continued coverage under the Company s health and welfare plans is timely elected by the Executive, payment of any COBRA health and welfare premiums for twelve (12) months following the Termination Date; provided, however, that if the Company determines that payment or reimbursement of COBRA health and welfare premiums would violate the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, the Company will, in lieu thereof, for twelve (12) months following the Termination Date provide the Executive with a taxable monthly payment, payable on the last day of a given month, in an after-tax amount equal to such COBRA health and welfare premiums for the Executive i.e. , grossed up for all taxes on such payment); and 

(d) Equity Vesting . With respect to any outstanding equity or equity-based incentive awards held by the Executive under any Company equity incentive plans that are not vested as of the Termination Date: (A) any such award subject solely to time- or service-based vesting shall continue to become vested, exercisable and payable on the same schedule over the twelve (12) month period following the Termination Date as if the Executive had remained actively employed, and (B) any such award subject to performance-based vesting shall continue to become vested, exercisable and payable on the same schedule over the twelve (12) month period following the Termination Date as if the Executive had remained actively employed (x) based on actual performance for any performance period that is completed during such twelve (12) month period, or (y) based on target performance level for any performance period that is not completed during such twelve (12) month period. Executive s outstanding equity awards shall otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions that apply under the applicable equity plan and award agreements. 

3. Severance Benefits During the Change in Control Protection Period . If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or the Executive resigns for Good Reason, in either case during the period beginning on the effective date of a Change in Control and ending on the second anniversary following such effective date (the CIC Protection Period ), the Company shall provide the Executive with the following payments and benefits, in addition to the Accrued Payments: 

(a) Severance Payment . An amount equal to 1.5 times the sum of (A) the Executive s Base Salary plus (B) the Executive s Average Annual Bonus, payable in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the Release Effective Date; 

(b) Prorated Bonus Payment; Prior Year Bonus . An amount equal to the Average Annual Bonus, prorated based on the number of days during the year of termination that the Executive was employed prior to the Termination Date, payable in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the Release Effective Date. In addition, to the extent not paid as of the Termination Date, the annual bonus (if any) earned by the Executive for the year immediately preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs, determined in good faith on a basis consistent with the Company s annual incentive compensation program, and payable at the same time as bonuses paid to senior executives of the Company, or, if later, the first payroll date following the Release Effective Date; 

2 

(c) Medical Benefits . If continued coverage under the Company s health and welfare plans is timely elected by the Executive, payment of any COBRA health and welfare premiums for eighteen (18) months following the Termination Date; provided, however, that if the Company determines that payment or reimbursement of COBRA health and welfare premiums would violate the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, the Company will, in lieu thereof, for eighteen (18) months following the Termination Date provide the Executive with a taxable monthly payment, payable on the last day of a given month, in an after-tax amount equal to such COBRA health and welfare premiums for the Executive i.e. , grossed up for all taxes on such payment); and 

(d) Equity Vesting . With respect to any outstanding equity or equity-based incentive awards held by the Executive under any Company equity incentive plans that are not vested as of the Termination Date: (A) any such award subject solely to time- or service-based vesting shall immediately vest in full, and (B) any such award subject to performance-based vesting shall immediately vest (x) based on actual performance for any performance period that is completed prior to the Termination Date, or (y) based on target performance level for any performance period that is not completed prior to the Termination Date. Executive s outstanding equity awards shall otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions that apply under the applicable equity plan and award agreements. 

(e) Section 280G Reduction . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that it is determined that any payments or benefits provided hereunder, together with any payments or benefits to be provided under any other plan, program, arrangement or agreement, would constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and would, but for this Section 3(e), be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any similar tax under state or local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (the Excise Tax ), then the amounts of any such payments or benefits under this Agreement and such other arrangements shall be either (i) paid in full or (ii) reduced to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the payments or benefits is subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing (i) or (ii) results in the Executive s receipt on an after-tax basis of the greatest amount of payments and benefits after taking into account the applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and excise taxes (including the Excise Tax). Any such reduction shall be made by the Company in its sole discretion consistent with the requirements of Section 409A and shall include prompt repayment by the Executive of any payments or benefits that are determined to be subject to such reduction and that have previously been paid or provided to the Executive. Any determination required under this Section 3(e) shall be made in writing in good faith by a nationally recognized public accounting firm selected by the Company, whose determination shall be final and binding. 

4. Termination Due to Death or Disability. If the Executive s employment is terminated due to death or Disability, the Company shall provide the Executive with the following payments and benefits, in addition to the Accrued Payments: 

(a) Severance Payment. An amount equal to 0.5 times the sum of (A) the Executive s Base Salary plus (B) the Executive s Average Annual Bonus, payable in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the Release Effective Date; 

(b) Prorated Bonus Payment; Prior Year Bonus. An amount equal to 0.5 times the Average Annual Bonus, prorated based on the number of days during the year of termination that the Executive was employed prior to the Termination Date, payable in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the Release Effective Date. In addition, to the extent not paid as of the Termination Date, the annual bonus (if any) earned by the Executive for the year immediately preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs, determined in good faith on a basis consistent with the Company s annual incentive compensation program and payable at the same time as bonuses paid to senior executives of the Company, or, if later, the first payroll date following the Release Effective Date; 

3 

(c) Medical Benefits. If continued coverage under the Company s health and welfare plans is timely elected by the Executive, payment of any COBRA health and welfare premiums for twelve (12) months following the Termination Date; provided, however, that if the Company determines that payment or reimbursement of COBRA health and welfare premiums would violate the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, the Company will, in lieu thereof, for twelve (12) months following the Termination Date provide the Executive with a taxable monthly payment, payable on the last day of a given month, in an after-tax amount equal to such COBRA health and welfare premiums for the Executive i.e. , grossed up for all taxes on such payment) ; and 

(d) Equity Vesting. With respect to any outstanding equity or equity-based incentive awards held by the Executive under any Company equity incentive plans that are not vested as of the Termination Date: (A) one hundred percent (100 of any such award subject solely to time- or service-based vesting shall immediately vest in full; and (B) one hundred percent (100 of any such award subject to performance-based vesting shall immediately vest (x) based on actual performance for any performance period that is completed prior to the Termination Date, or (y) based on target performance level for any performance period that is not completed prior to the Termination Date. Executive s outstanding equity awards shall otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions that apply under the applicable equity plan and award agreements. 

In addition to the payments and benefits provided in this Section 4, the Executive shall remain eligible for benefits under the Company s existing life and disability insurance plans in which the Executive participates, in accordance with the terms of such plans. 
 5. Release of Claims . The Company s obligation to provide the severance payments and benefits set forth in Sections 2, 3, and 4 (other than the Accrued Payments) (the Severance Benefits shall be subject to and contingent upon (a) the Executive s (or the Executive s estate s or legal guardian s, in the case of death or incapacity) execution and delivery to the Company of a general release of claims and covenant not to sue substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release Agreement on or within 21 days (or 45 days, if applicable under the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act) following the Termination Date, and (b) such Release Agreement becoming effective following the 7-day revocation period in accordance with its terms (the date on which the Release Agreement becomes effective and irrevocable, the Release Effective Date ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is a dispute regarding the characterization of the Executive s termination of employment as a termination without Cause or resignation for Good Reason, the release consideration period shall toll until such dispute is resolved. For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive shall forfeit the Severance Benefits if such Release Agreement has not been timely executed and returned to the Company and become effective and irrevocable. The Company shall provide to the Executive the Release Agreement on or within three (3) days following the Termination Date, and shall countersign the Release Agreement if timely executed and returned to the Company by the Executive. 

6. Other Terminations . If the Executive s employment is terminated for any reason other than those set forth in Sections 2, 3, and 4, the Accrued Payments shall be the sole and exclusive payments or benefits to which the Executive shall be entitled in respect of the Executive s termination of employment with the Company under this Agreement, and no Severance Benefits shall be paid or provided. 

7. Indemnification . The Executive shall be covered under the indemnification provisions of the Company s charter and bylaws in effect from time to time on terms and conditions no less favorable to the Executive than those provided to directors of the Company generally. Following the Termination Date, the Company will indemnify, and cover the Executive under the Company s directors and officers liability insurance, for the same period and on the same basis as the directors of the Company generally, which liability insurance shall at all times provide coverage in an amount that is reasonable and customary for companies of a similar size in the Company s industry. 

4 

8. Restrictive Covenant Agreement . As a condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement, the Executive shall have signed and delivered to the Company the Restrictive Covenant Agreement. 

9. Notice; Resignation from Positions . The Executive must provide the Company with three months notice prior to any resignation of employment other than for Good Reason following a Change in Control (the Notice Period ); provided that the Company may, in its sole discretion, make the date of Executive s resignation effective earlier than any such notice date. The Company may require the Executive to remain away from work on full pay during any portion of the Notice Period and on such conditions as the Company may specify; provided that the Company s exercise of such right shall neither constitute Good Reason nor, in the case of Executive s voluntary resignation, change the nature of the Executive s termination of employment. Furthermore, upon termination of the Executive's employment for any reason, the Executive shall promptly (i) resign from all positions (including, without limitation, any management, officer or director position) with the Company and its affiliates and (ii) relinquish any power of attorney, signing authority, trust authorization or Company account signatory authorization that the Executive may hold on behalf of the Company or its affiliates. 

10. Section 409A . 

(a) The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively, Section 409A ), and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. In no event whatsoever will the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A. 

(b) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment, the Termination Date or like terms shall mean separation from service. If the Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A payable on account of a separation from service, no such payment or benefit shall be made or provided prior to the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of the Executive, and (B) the date of the Executive s death (the Delay Period ). All payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 10 (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to the Executive in a lump sum without interest, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. 

5 

(c) For purposes of Section 409A, the Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within 10 business days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company. If the twenty-nine (29) day period (or fifty-three (53) day period, as applicable) following the Termination Date ends in the calendar year following the year that includes such Termination Date, then payment of any amount that is conditioned upon the execution of the Release Agreement and is subject to Section 409A shall not be paid until the first day of the calendar year following the year that includes the Termination Date, regardless of when the Release Agreement is signed. All expenses or other reimbursements as provided herein shall be payable in accordance with the Company s policies in effect from time to time, but in any event shall be made on or prior to the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which such expenses were incurred by the Executive; no such reimbursement or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any taxable year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year; and the Executive s right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchanged for any other benefit. 

11. Certain Defined Terms . For the purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Accrued Payments shall mean all base salary earned or accrued but unpaid through the Termination Date, payment for all vacation days accrued but unused through the Termination Date, and reimbursement for any reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred by the Executive through the Termination Date, determined in accordance with Company policy. 

(b) Average Annual Bonus shall mean the average of the Executive s annual cash bonus amounts earned and payable (without regard to any deferral or payment in another form) for the Company s three (3) fiscal years immediately preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs (or, if greater, immediately preceding the year in which a Change in Control occurs). 

(c) Base Salary shall mean the amount of the Executive s annual base salary in effect on the Termination Date or, if greater, as of immediately prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control. 

(d) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(e) Cause shall mean the Executive s: (A) willful misconduct, gross misconduct, or gross negligence in the performance of the Executive s duties to the Company that is not cured by the Executive within thirty (30) days after the Executive s receipt of written notice given to the Executive by the Company, (B) the Executive s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a crime relating to the Company or any of its affiliates, or any felony, (C) a material breach by the Executive of any material written agreement (including the Restrictive Covenant Agreement) entered into between the Executive and the Company, or any material written policy of the Company signed by the Executive, in each case that is not cured by the Executive within thirty (30) days after the Executive s receipt of written notice given to the Executive by the Company, (D) the Executive s intentional failure or refusal to follow a lawful and proper direction of the Board or the Company s Chief Executive Officer that is not cured by the Executive within thirty (30) days after the Executive s receipt of written notice given to the Executive by the Company, or (E) any other conduct by the Executive, whether or not in the course of performing the Executive s responsibilities to the Company, that has or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the business, assets or reputation of the Company and that is not cured by the Executive within thirty (30) days after the Executive s receipt of written notice given to the Executive by the Company. 

6 

(f) Change in Control shall mean, and shall have occurred, if: 

(i) any Person (other than the Company, any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan of the Company, or any company owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company s common stock), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; 

(ii) during any period of two consecutive years (the Board Measurement Period individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in paragraph (i), (iii), or (iv) of this section, or a director initially elected or nominated as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to directors or as a result of any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of any Person other than the Board) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the Board Measurement Period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; 

(iii) a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; provided, however, that a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person (other than those covered by the exceptions in (i) above) acquires more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities shall not constitute a Change in Control of the Company; or 

(iv) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets other than (i) the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to a Person or Persons who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, at least 50 or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the Company at the time of the sale or (ii) pursuant to a spinoff type transaction, directly or indirectly, of such assets to the stockholders of the Company. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code with respect to the payment of nonqualified deferred compensation, Change in Control shall be limited to a change in control event as defined under Section 409A of the Code. 
 (g) Disability shall mean the Executive s having a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. 

(h) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

7 

(i) Good Reason shall mean any of the following events that are not cured by the Company within thirty (30) days after the Company s receipt of written notice from the Executive specifying the event claimed to be Good Reason (the Cure Period ): (i) an adverse change in the Executive s title; (ii) a material diminution in the Executive s duties, authorities or responsibilities or the assignment to the Executive of duties or responsibilities that are materially adversely inconsistent with Executive s then position (iii) a reduction in the Executive s Base Salary or annual target incentive bonus (as a percentage of Base Salary); (iv) a requirement by the Company that the Executive s principal place of work be moved to a location more than fifty (50) miles away from its current location (v) the Company provides written notice to the Executive of its intent not to renew this Agreement or (vi) the failure of the Company to obtain and deliver to the Executive a reasonably satisfactory written agreement from any successor to all or substantially all of the Company s assets to assume and agree to perform this Agreement. For the Executive s resignation to be considered a resignation for Good Reason, the Executive shall be required to provide the Company with written notice of the existence of Good Reason no later than forty-five (45) days after the date on which the Executive has had, or should have had, actual knowledge of the event that is alleged to constitute Good Reason, the Company shall notify the Executive no later than the end of the Cure Period whether it agrees that a Good Reason event has occurred (and if it has occurred, whether the Company intends to cure it), and the Executive must actually resign within ninety (90) days of the end of the Cure Period. 

(j) Person shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, association, trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company or other legal entity. All references to Person shall include an individual Person or a group (as defined in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of Persons. 

(k) Termination Date shall mean the date on which the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated. 

12. General Provisions . 

(a) Entire Agreement . The parties agree that the Severance Benefits shall be the sole and exclusive payments or benefits to which the Executive shall be entitled in respect of the Executive s termination of employment with the Company, and Executive shall not be eligible to participate in any other severance plan, program, agreement or arrangement of the Company. This Agreement shall supersede any and all prior understandings, representations or presentations, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof. 

(b) Tax Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to deduct or withhold, or require the Executive to remit to the Company, up to the maximum statutory amount necessary to satisfy federal, state or local taxes required by law or regulation to be withheld with respect to any payment or benefit provided hereunder. 

(c) No Mitigation . The Executive will be under no obligation to seek other employment and there will be no offset against any amounts owing to the Executive under Sections 2, 3, and 4 above, as applicable, on account of any remuneration attributable to any subsequent employment that the Executive may obtain. 

8 

(d) Notices . All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, delivered by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or delivered by overnight courier (provided that a written acknowledgment of receipt is obtained by the overnight courier) to any party concerned at the address indicated below or to such changed address as such party may subsequently give such notice of: 

If to the Company: 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 55 Hudson Yards Floor 15 New York, New York 10001 Attention: General Counsel 

If to the Executive, at the Executive s then-current primary mailing address as indicated in the Company s records. 
 (e) Successors and Binding Agreement . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor of or to the Company, including, without limitation, any purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets or equity interests of the Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees and/or legatees. 

(f) Waiver . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, amended or waived unless such modification, amendment or waiver is agreed to in writing signed by the Executive and the Company. No waiver by any party hereto at any time of any breach by any other party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 

(g) Governing Law . This Agreement, and all claims or causes of action (whether in contract, tort or statute) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this Agreement or as an inducement to enter into this Agreement), shall be governed by, and enforced in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York, including its statutes of limitations, without regard to any borrowing statute that would result in the application of the statute of limitations of any other jurisdiction. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, THE EXECUTIVE IS WAIVING ANY RIGHT THAT THE EXECUTIVE MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT. 

(h) Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 

/s/ Richard M. McVey Name: Richard M. McVey Title: CEO 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Naineshkumar Shantilal Panchal Name: Naineshkumar Shantilal Panchal 

10 

EXHIBIT A FORM OF RELEASE AND COVENANT NOT TO SUE AGREEMENT 
 THIS RELEASE AND COVENANT NOT TO SUE (this Release Agreement ), dated as of [ ], is by and between MarketAxess Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Naineshkumar Shantilal Panchal (the Executive ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive previously entered into a Severance Protection Agreement, dated as of [ ], 2020 (the Severance Agreement ); 
 WHEREAS, the Executive s employment was terminated effective [ ]; and 
 WHEREAS, capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Severance Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such employment and the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Executive agree as follows: 
 13. General Release and Covenant Not to Sue . 

(a) The Executive hereby releases the Company and all of its past, present, and future affiliates, and its and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, members, employees, successors and assigns (collectively referred to herein as the Releasees ), jointly and severally, from any and all claims, known or unknown, which the Executive or the Executive s heirs, successors or assigns have or may have against any Releasee arising on or prior to the Termination Date and any and all liability which any such Releasee may have to the Executive, whether denominated claims, demands, causes of action, obligations, damages or liabilities arising from any and all bases, however denominated, including but not limited to claims for wrongful discharge, accrued bonus or incentive pay, sexual harassment, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, Title VII of the United States Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 1981, the Corporate Fraud and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, and Sections 922(h)(1) and 1057 of the Dodd-Frank Act, Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the New York Human Rights Law, including New York Executive Law 296, 8-107 of the Administrative Code and Charter of New York City or any other federal, state, or local law. This release is for any and all claims, including but not limited to claims arising from and during the Executive s employment relationship with Releasees or as a result of the termination of such relationship. Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Release Agreement, this release is not intended to interfere with the Executive s right to file a charge with a governmental agency, including but not limited to the equal employment opportunity commission or any state or local fair employment practices agency, or other governmental regulatory agency or self-regulatory organization. However, by executing this Release Agreement, the Executive hereby waives the right to recover any relief in connection with any proceeding brought before such governmental agency or self-regulatory organization. This release is for any relief, no matter how denominated, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, wages, back pay, front pay, compensatory damages, or punitive damages. The Executive relinquishes any right to future employment with the Company or any of the Releasees, and agrees not to seek future re-employment with the Company or any of the Releasees. The Executive acknowledges that the Company shall have the right to refuse to re-employ the Executive without liability of the Company or any of the Releasees. This release shall not apply to any obligation of the Company pursuant to the Severance Protection Agreement. 

11 

(b) The Executive understands that the Executive is releasing the Releasees from claims that the Executive may not know about as of the date of the execution of this Release Agreement, and that it is the Executive s knowing and voluntary intent even though the Executive recognizes that someday the Executive might learn that some or all of the facts the Executive currently believes to be true are untrue and even though the Executive might then regret having signed this Release Agreement. Nevertheless, the Executive understands that the Executive is expressly assuming that risk and agrees that this Release Agreement shall remain effective in all respects in any such case. The Executive expressly and completely waives all rights the Executive might have under any law that is intended to protect the Executive from waiving unknown claims, and the Executive understands the significance of doing so. 

(c) In consideration of the terms set forth in this Release Agreement, the Executive represents that the Executive has not filed or permitted to be filed against the Releasees any charges, complaints or lawsuits, and the Executive covenants and agrees that the Executive will not file or permit to be filed any lawsuits at any time hereafter with respect to the subject matter of this Release Agreement and claims released pursuant to this Release Agreement (including, without limitation, any claims relating to the termination of the Executive s employment), except as may be necessary to enforce this Release Agreement or to seek a determination of the validity of the waiver of the Executive s rights under ADEA. 

(d) The Executive understands and agrees that nothing in this Release Agreement limits or interferes with the Executive s right, without notice to or authorization of the Company, to communicate in good faith with any Government Agency for the purpose of reporting a possible violation of law, or to participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including by providing documents or other information, or for the purpose of filing a charge or complaint with a Government Agency. As used in this Release Agreement, Government Agency shall mean the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, any other self-regulatory organization or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission. In the event the Executive files a charge or complaint with a Government Agency, or a Government Agency asserts a claim on the Executive s behalf, the Executive agrees that the Executive s release of claims in this Release Agreement shall nevertheless bar the Executive s right (if any) to any monetary or other recovery (including reinstatement), except the Executive does not waive: (i) the Executive s right to receive a whistleblower award from a Government Agency for information provided to such Government Agency, (ii) any recovery to which the Executive may be entitled pursuant to workers compensation and unemployment insurance laws, and (iii) any other right where a waiver is expressly prohibited by law. 

(e) Nothing in this Release Agreement shall affect the Executive s vested rights, if any, to the equity awarded to the Executive under the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2012 Incentive Plan, the MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, or any other equity or equity-based incentive plan of the Company or its Affiliates, in each case, as amended or restated. The Executive s rights to benefits under any such plan(s) will be determined in accordance with the terms of such plan(s). 

(f) Nothing in this Release Agreement shall affect the Executive s vested rights, if any, to retirement benefits under any 401(k) retirement or deferred compensation plan(s) offered by the Company. The Executive s rights to benefits under any such 401(k) plan(s) and any other employee benefits plans will be determined in accordance with the terms of such plans. 

14. No Admission of Liability . It is understood that nothing in this Release Agreement is to be construed as an admission on behalf of the Releasees of any wrongdoing with respect to the Executive, any such wrongdoing being expressly denied. 

12 

15. Acknowledgements . 

(a) The Executive acknowledges that: 

(i) Before entering into this Release Agreement, the Executive has had the opportunity to consult with any attorney or other advisor of the Executive s choice, and the Executive has been advised to do so if the Executive chooses; 

(ii) The Executive has entered into this Release Agreement of the Executive s own free will, and that no promises or representations have been made to the Executive by any person to induce the Executive to enter into this Release Agreement other than the express terms set forth herein and in the Severance Agreement; 

(iii) The Executive has read this Release Agreement and understands all of its terms, including the release of claims and covenant not to sue set forth in Section 1 above; 

(iv) The Severance Benefits as defined and set forth in the Severance Agreement are in consideration of this release of claims and covenant not to sue, and constitute consideration in addition to anything of value to which the Executive is already entitled; 

(v) The Executive has [twenty-one (21) / forty-five (45)] days within which to consider this Release Agreement (although the Executive may choose voluntarily to sign it earlier); 

(vi) The Executive represents and warrants that the Executive is not aware of any facts that would establish that any officer or employee of the Company has engaged in conduct that the Executive believes would violate any federal, state or local law, regulation or ordinance; 

(vii) The Executive has seven (7) days following the date the Executive signs this Release Agreement to revoke this Release Agreement by delivering a written notice of such revocation to: 

MarketAxess Holdings Inc. 55 Hudson Yards Floor 15 New York, New York 10001 Attention: General Counsel; and 

(viii) This Release Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the first (1st) day following the end of the seven (7) day revocation period; provided that the Executive has signed, returned and not revoked this Release Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 

16. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Governing Law . This Release Agreement, and all claims or causes of action (whether in contract, tort or statute) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Release Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Release Agreement (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this Release Agreement or as an inducement to enter into this Release Agreement), shall be governed by, and enforced in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York, including its statutes of limitations, without regard to any borrowing statute that would result in the application of the statute of limitations of any other jurisdiction. 

13 

(b) Construction . There shall be no presumption that any ambiguity in this Release Agreement should be resolved in favor of one party hereto and against another party hereto. Any controversy concerning the construction of this Release Agreement shall be decided neutrally without regard to authorship. 

(c) Counterparts. This Release Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall have the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument. 

THE UNDERSIGNED HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT, KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, AND SIGN THE SAME AS THE EXECUTIVE S OR ITS OWN FREE ACT. 
 [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows] 
 14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Release Agreement as of the date first written above. 

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 

Name: Title: 

EXECUTIVE 

Name: 

15 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 mktx-ex10_53.htm
 EX-10.53

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.53 

MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS, INC. Proprietary Information and Non-Competition Agreement 
 This Proprietary Information and Non-Competition Agreement (the Agreement by and between Naineshkumar Shantilal Panchal you and MarketAxess Holdings or its parent, affiliate or subsidiary by which you are employed or to which you provide services (the Company is entered into as of March 1 , 2022. 
 1. Acknowledgments . You and the Company acknowledge that you are employed by or otherwise provide services to the Company and/or its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the Company Group in a capacity which creates a relationship of confidence and trust between you and the Company Group. During the term of your employment or service relationship with the Company Group (the Engagement Term ), you will obtain Confidential Information (as defined herein) with regard to the Company Group and its clients, customers and vendors and will be introduced to and create or develop relationships with customers, employees, joint ventures, suppliers and other persons with which the Company Group does business. Because the Company Group will suffer substantial damage if you engage in certain activities during or after the Engagement Term, including using or disclosing Confidential Information (as defined herein), it is necessary for the Company Group to be protected by the prohibitions and the restrictions set forth in this Agreement in exchange for good and valuable consideration, which you acknowledge receiving. You acknowledge your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Agreement by countersigning at the end of this Agreement. 

2. Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information . During the Engagement Term and thereafter, you (a) shall hold all Confidential Information for the benefit of the Company Group (or the owner of any Confidential Information), and (b) shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, use for your own benefit or disclose to any third party any Confidential Information. 

For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means all information obtained by or disclosed, created, revealed or known to you as a consequence of or through your employment or other service relationship with the Company Group that is secret, confidential or not generally known to the public (other than through your disclosure of such Confidential Information or disclosure by another person in violation of such person s obligations to the Company Group or the owner of such Confidential Information) relating to (i) the Company Group, its businesses or operations or (ii) any client or other third party to which the Company Group provides services or which otherwise has business dealings with the Company Group. Confidential Information includes (A) information of a commercial nature (for example, information about customers, clients or vendors of the Company Group (or the third party or its affiliates), strategies, costs, prices and markets), (B) information of a technical nature (for example, methods, know-how, code, processes, technical specifications, drawings and design data), (C) information of a strategic nature (for example, future developments or strategies pertaining to research and development, marketing and sales, new or improved products or services or other matters concerning the Company Group s or third party s planning), information as to employees and consultants (for example, capabilities, competence, status with the Company Group and compensation levels), and (E) information conceived, originated, discovered or developed by you during the Engagement Term. 
 In the event you are compelled by order of a court or other governmental or legal body to disclose any Confidential Information to anyone other than the Company (and its designees), you shall promptly notify the Company of any such order and shall cooperate fully with the Company (or the owner of such Confidential Information) in protecting such information to the fullest extent possible under applicable law. 

Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit you from reporting or disclosing information under the terms of the MarketAxess Whistleblower Policy , a copy of which is attached hereto as Appendix A. 
 3. Return of Materials . All Confidential Information, hard copy or electronic documents, records, notebooks, files, memoranda, computer printouts, disks, computer software, designs, hardware (including but not limited to mobile devices and any network related equipment), data, reports, fee schedules or price lists, plans, communications and other documents or materials (including copies or reproductions thereof and documents or information derived therefrom) in your possession or control (the Materials prepared by you (whether individually or with others), obtained by you or disclosed to you in connection with or relating to your employment or other service relationship with the Company Group shall be left with or returned to the Company upon the termination of the Engagement Term or upon the Company s request. Such Materials shall at all times be the property of the Company Group. At the request of the Company, you shall provide a signed, written certification in a form acceptable to the Company confirming that you have returned any and all Materials to the Company. 

4. Non-Competition . During the Engagement Term and for twelve (12) months thereafter (the Non-Compete Period ), you shall not, directly or indirectly, as an individual proprietor, partner, stockholder, officer, employee, director, joint venturer, investor, lender, consultant, contractor or in any other capacity whatsoever, provide services that are the same as or similar to any of the services that you provided to the Company Group in the twelve (12) months prior to the termination (for any reason) of your employment by, or provision of services to, the Company Group to any person or entity (i) that is engaged in the design, development, operation or promotion of (a) any electronic system or platform, alternative trading system, electronic communication network or other entity that provides fixed income securities (or other fixed income instruments or derivatives) trading services, data or research products, analytical products or other services ancillary to the trading of fixed income securities or instruments or (b) any pre- or post-trade services business for the matching, reporting or publication of securities that competes with the Company Group's pre- or post-trade services business at the time of termination; or (ii) that is a Competing Business at the time of termination of the Engagement Term, it being understood that, for the purposes of this Section 4 only, Competing Business shall mean any entity or group which derives 10 or more of its total consolidated revenues from the same or a similar product or business line as any product or business line of the Company Group that generates 10 or more of the Company Group's total consolidated revenues at the time of termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the length of the Non-Compete Period will be reduced by the period, if any, that you remain employed by the Company but are required to remain away from work during the Notice Period (as defined in the Severance Protection Agreement, by and between you and the Company). Due to the global nature of the Company Group's business and your global responsibilities for the Company Group, you agree that the restrictions set forth in this Section 4 shall apply within the United States, the United Kingdom or in any foreign country where the Company Group transacts any such business or otherwise offers any such product. Nothing herein precludes you from owning less than 1 of the total outstanding stock of a publicly held company or from engaging in any otherwise prohibited activity with the express prior written approval of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

5. Non-Solicitation . During the Engagement Term and for twelve (12) months thereafter, you shall not directly or indirectly solicit, encourage or induce (or attempt to solicit, encourage or induce) any person or entity who does business with (or is considering doing business with) the Company Group or who uses the Company Group s products or services and to whom you provided services or about whom you obtained Confidential Information during the Engagement Term to (a) terminate, cease, reduce, or diminish in any way its relationship or prospective relationship with the Company Group or (b) use a competing product or service. 

2 

6. Non-Solicitation of Employees or Consultants . During the Engagement Term and for twenty four (24) months thereafter, you shall not directly or indirectly (a) recruit, solicit, encourage or induce (or attempt to recruit, solicit, encourage or induce) any non-clerical employee or consultant of the Company Group to terminate his or her employment with, or otherwise cease or reduce his or her relationship with, the Company Group or (b) hire or assist another person or entity to hire any non-clerical employee or consultant of the Company Group or any person who, to your knowledge, within six months before was such a person. You may however, if requested by any entity with which you are not affiliated, serve as a reference for any person who at the time of the request is not an employee of, or consultant to, the Company Group. 

7. Extension of Restriction Period . If you violate or breach any portion of Sections 4, 5 or 6, then the restriction period applicable to those Sections will be extended by the length of the period of any such violation or breach as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 

8. Non-Contravention . You shall not disclose to the Company Group or use during your Engagement Term any confidential information or inventions, discoveries, concepts, improvements or innovations of any of your prior employers or of any other third party. 

9. Inventions and Discoveries . 

(a) You acknowledge and agree that all ideas, methods, inventions, discoveries, improvements, work products or developments Inventions ), whether patentable or unpatentable, 

(i) that relate to your work with the Company Group, made or conceived by you, solely or jointly with others, during the Engagement Term provided that any Inventions which are made, disclosed, reduced to tangible or written form or description or are reduced to practice by you after the Engagement Term and which pertain to the business carried on or products or services being sold or developed by the Company Group at the time of the expiration of the Engagement Term and which were, or are derived from, Inventions worked on or developed by you during the Engagement Term, shall be presumed to have been made during the Engagement Term, or 

(ii) that are reasonably suggested by any work that you perform in connection with the Company Group, either while performing your duties with the Company Group or on your own time, but only insofar as the Inventions are related to your work as an employee or other service provider to the Company Group, shall belong exclusively to the Company (or its designee), whether or not patent applications are filed thereon. 

(b) You will keep adequate written records (the Records ), in the manner prescribed by the Company, of all Inventions, and will promptly disclose in writing to the Company all material information relating to Inventions. The Records shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and you will surrender them upon the termination of your Engagement Term, or upon the Company s request. 

3 

(c) You will assign to the Company the Inventions and all patents that may issue thereon in any and all countries, whether during or subsequent to your Engagement Term, together with the right to file, in your name or in the name of the Company (or its designee), applications for patents and equivalent rights (the Applications ). You will, at any time during and subsequent to the Engagement Term, make such applications, sign such papers, take all rightful oaths, and perform all acts as may be requested from time to time by the Company with respect to the Inventions, and you will also execute assignments to the Company (or its designee) of the Applications, and give the Company and its attorneys all reasonable assistance (including the giving of testimony) to obtain the Inventions for its benefit, all without additional compensation to you from the Company Group, but, in each case, entirely at the Company s expense. You will also provide any information, such as passwords or codes, necessary to allow the Company Group to fully utilize its property. 

(d) In addition, the Inventions will be deemed Work for Hire, as such term is defined under the copyright law of the United States, on behalf of the Company and you agree that the Company will be the sole owner of the Inventions, and all underlying rights therein, in all media now known or hereinafter devised, throughout the universe and in perpetuity without any further obligations to you. If the Inventions, or any portion thereof, are deemed not to be Work for Hire, you hereby irrevocably convey, transfer and assign to the Company, all rights, in all media now known or hereinafter devised, throughout the universe and in perpetuity, in and to the Inventions, including without limitation, all of your right, title and interest in the copyrights (and all renewals, revivals and extensions thereof) to the Inventions, including without limitation, all rights of any kind or any nature now or hereafter recognized, including without limitation, the unrestricted right to make modifications, adaptations and revisions to the Inventions, to exploit and allow others to exploit the Inventions and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any infringement, or other unauthorized use or conduct in derogation of the Inventions, known or unknown, prior to the date hereof, including without limitation the right to receive all proceeds and damages therefrom. In addition, you hereby waive any so-called moral rights with respect to the Inventions. 

(e) You hereby waive any and all currently existing and future monetary rights in and to the Inventions and all patents that may issue thereon, including, without limitation, any rights that would otherwise accrue to your benefit by virtue of you being an employee of or other service provider to the Company Group. 

10. Representations . You acknowledge and agree that you have not entered into, and during the Engagement Term will not enter into, any other agreement or obligation which would in any way affect, restrict or limit your employment or other service relationship with the Company Group or otherwise conflict with your obligations to the Company Group. In addition, you hereby represent, warrant and covenant to the Company as follows: (a) you have the right to grant the rights granted in this Agreement, you are not under any contractual or other obligation that would prevent, limit or impair, in any way, the performance of your obligations hereunder and have not done and will not do any act and have not made and will not make any grant, assignment or agreement which will or might conflict or interfere with the complete enjoyment of all of the Company s rights under this Agreement and (b) all material provided or contributed by you for use in the Inventions, (i) will be wholly original with you and not copied in whole or in part from any other work, (ii) will not violate or infringe in any way upon the rights of others, including, without limitation, any patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, and (iii) will not violate any applicable law. You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company Group, and its respective managers, officers, employees and representatives, and their respective agents, successors and assigns, from and against any and all claims, losses and expenses, including without limitation attorneys fees and costs, arising out of any breach or alleged breach of your representations, warranties or covenants hereunder. 

4 

11. Enforcemen t. The parties have entered into this Agreement in the belief that its provisions are valid, reasonable and enforceable. If any one or more of the provisions shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, but this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained therein to the fullest extent consistent with the intent of this Agreement. If any provision in this Agreement is found by any court, arbitral tribunal or similar entity to be unenforceable, including because it extends for too long a period of time or over too great a range of activities or in too broad a geographic area, then such provision shall be given effect to the maximum extent possible, including by interpreting such provision to extend over the maximum period of time, range of activities and/or geographic area to which it may be enforceable. 

12. Remedies . In the event of a breach or potential breach of the restrictions and prohibitions in this Agreement, you acknowledge that the Company Group (or the owner of any relevant Confidential Information) will be caused irreparable harm and that money damages may not be an adequate remedy. You also acknowledge that the Company Group (and the owner of such Confidential Information) shall be entitled to injunctive relief (in addition to its other remedies at law or equity) to have such provisions specifically enforced without posting any bond. 

13. Reasonableness . You acknowledge that the prohibitions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement, including in Sections 2, 4, 5 and 6, are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the business of the Company Group, that the restrictions and prohibitions herein will not prevent you from earning a livelihood after the termination of the Engagement Term and that part of the compensation paid and, if you are an employee, the benefits provided to you are in consideration for entering into this Agreement. 

14. Assignment Entire Agreemen t. Your rights under this Agreement are not assignable. This Agreement and the rights hereunder shall be assignable by the Company, in whole or in part. This Agreement and the rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and upon you and your personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees, legatees and permitted assignees and may not be altered, modified, or amended except by written instrument signed by you and the Company. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of you and the Company with regard to the subject matters covered herein and supersedes and replaces any existing agreement, written or otherwise, entered into by you and the Company with regard to the same or similar subject matter. 

15. Notices . All notices hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be either delivered personally or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or nationally recognized overnight courier addressed to the other party at your address on the books of the Company or at the Company s executive offices, as the case may be. Notices shall be deemed given when received or three days after mailing, whichever is earlier. 

16. Review of Agreemen t. You acknowledge and agree that you have been provided with sufficient time to carefully review and examine this Agreement and to consult with counsel or other advisors regarding this Agreement, and that you understand the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

17. Future Employers . You acknowledge and agree that the Company Group may share this Agreement or any of the terms or provisions herein with any person or entity who potentially or actually retains you as an employee, consultant or service provider. 

18. Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED FOR ALL PURPOSES BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO RULES RELATING TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS. 

5 

19. Exclusive Forum Service or Process Jury Waiver . EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY FINRA RULES OR REGULATIONS, YOU AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTES ARISING UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY IN THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS IN NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK, AND YOU AND THE COMPANY CONSENT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS. YOU AND THE COMPANY HEREBY WAIVE, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING OBJECTIONS BASED ON FORUM NON CONVENIENS, TO THE CONDUCTING OF ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION. YOU AND THE COMPANY EACH CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY ACTION BROUGHT IN SUCH COURTS BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL SENT TO THE ADDRESS INDICATED IN THE NOTICE PROVISION HEREOF. YOU AND THE COMPANY BOTH WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRIAL OF ANY ACTION OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR MATTERS OF A SIMILAR NATURE. TO THE EXTENT ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT IS REQUIRED BY FINRA RULES OR REGULATIONS TO BE SUBMITTED TO FINRA ARBITRATION, YOU AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT SUCH ARBITRATION SHALL TAKE PLACE IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK. 

20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in original or by facsimile or similar method in several counterparts and, as so executed, shall constitute a single agreement binding on all parties hereto, notwithstanding that all of the parties are not signatory to the original or to the same counterpart. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows.] 
 
 6 

EXECUTIVE 
 
 MARKETAXESS HOLDINGS INC. 

Signed: /s/ Naineshkumar Shantilal Panchal Printed Name: Naineshkumar Shantilal Panchal 
 
 By: /s/ Richard M. McVey Printed Name: Richard M. McVey Title: CEO 

7 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 mktx-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name 
 
 Place of Incorporation of Organization 

MarketAxess Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

MarketAxess SEF Corporation 
 
 Delaware 

MarketAxess Technologies Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

MarketAxess Colombia Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

MuniBrokers, LLC 
 
 New Jersey 

MarketAxess Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

MarketAxess Europe Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

MarketAxess Post-Trade Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

MarketAxess Capital Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

MarketAxess Canada Company 
 
 Nova Scotia, Canada 

MarketAxess Plataforma De Negociacao Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

MarketAxess Information Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

MarketAxess Singapore Pte Limited 
 
 Singapore 

MarketAxess NL B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

MarketAxess Post-Trade B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Trax Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 mktx-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-265483, 333-239084, 333-205858, 333-136101 and 333-120229) of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. of our report dated February 22, 2023, relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

New York, New York 

February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 mktx-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 
 I, Richard M. McVey, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MarketAxess Holdings Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ RICHARD M. MCVEY 

Richard M. McVey 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

Dated: February 22, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 mktx-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 
 I, Christopher N. Gerosa, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MarketAxess Holdings Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ CHRISTOPHER N. GEROSA 

Christopher N. Gerosa 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

Dated: February 22, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 mktx-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (United States Code, Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350) 
 Accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard M. McVey, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ RICHARD M. MCVEY 

Richard M. McVey 

Chief Executive Officer 

February 22, 2023 
 This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 mktx-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (United States Code, Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350) 
 Accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of 
 MarketAxess Holdings Inc. for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher N. Gerosa, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ CHRISTOPHER N. GEROSA 

Christopher N. Gerosa 

Chief Financial Officer 

February 22, 2023 
 This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mktx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 mktx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 mktx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 mktx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 mktx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

