<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_1176309_0001213900-23-017837.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9022584</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>623405</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1943393</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2373868</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1980604</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1834046</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-017837.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306170143
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-017837
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001176309
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				980376008
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35813
		FILM NUMBER:		23709740

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1185 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-844-1164

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1185 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Integrated Security Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IGUANA VENTURES LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020625

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-017837.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_oramedpharma.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

844-967-2633 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market, Tel Aviv Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None. 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Date File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
was based on a price of 4.58, being the last price at which the shares of the registrant s common stock were sold
on The Nasdaq Capital Market prior to the end of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

As of March 6, 2023, the registrant had 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Introduction and Use of Certain Terms 
 ii 
 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 11 

ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 26 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 26 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 26 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 26 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 27 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 27 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 27 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 35 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 36 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 36 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 36 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 37 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 37 

PART
 III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 38 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 42 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 54 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 56 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 56 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 57 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 61 

i 

INTRODUCTION AND USE OF CERTAIN TERMS 

On February 28, 2022, our
Board of Directors, or our Board, approved a change of the Company s fiscal year from the period beginning on September 1 and ending
on August 31 to the period beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31. As a result, the Company filed a Transition Report on Form
10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on March 30, 2022 that included financial information for the transition
period from September 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021, or the Transition Period. Subsequent to that report, the Company s fiscal
year now begins on January 1 and ends on December 31. This Annual Report on Form 10-K is the Company s first annual report presenting
its new fiscal year, and reports financial results for the 12 month period ended December 31, 2022. 

As used in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, the terms we, us, our, the Company, and Oramed mean
Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. All dollar amounts refer to U.S. dollars unless
otherwise indicated. 

On December 31, 2022, the
exchange rate between the New Israeli Shekel, or NIS, and the dollar, as quoted by the Bank of Israel, was NIS 3.519 to 1.00. Unless
indicated otherwise by the context, statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that provide the dollar equivalent of NIS amounts or
provide the NIS equivalent of dollar amounts are based on such exchange rate. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

The statements contained in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws and the Israeli securities law. Words such as expects, 
 anticipates, intends, plans, planned expenditures, believes, seeks, 
 estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are
not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Additionally, statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. We remind readers that forward-looking statements are
merely predictions and therefore inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors and involve known and unknown risks that could
cause the actual results, performance, levels of activity, or our achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any
future results, performance, levels of activity, or our achievements, or industry results, expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements appear in Item 1. Business and Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and include,
among other statements, statements regarding the following: 

our
comprehensive analysis of data from our ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial to understand if there is a path forward for our oral insulin candidate; 

our plan to evaluate potential strategic opportunities; 

our ability to enhance value for our stockholders; 

the
expected development and potential benefits from our products; 

the
prospects of entering into additional license agreements, or other partnerships or forms of cooperation with other companies or medical
institutions; 

future
milestones, conditions and royalties under our license agreements; 

expected
timing of a clinical study for the potential Oravax Medical Inc., or Oravax, vaccine and its potential to protect against the coronavirus,
or COVID-19, pandemic; 

our
research and development plans, including pre-clinical and clinical trials plans and the timing of enrollment, obtaining results and
conclusion of trials; 

our
belief that our technology has the potential to deliver medications and vaccines orally that today can only be delivered via injection; 

the
competitive ability of our technology based on product efficacy, safety, patient convenience, reliability, value and patent position; 

ii 

the
potential market demand for our products; 

our ability to obtain patent protection for our intellectual property; 

our
expectation that our research and development expenses will continue to be our major expenditure; 

our
expectations regarding our short- and long-term capital requirements; 

our outlook for the coming
 months and future periods, including but not limited to our expectations regarding future revenue and expenses; and 

information
with respect to any other plans and strategies for our business. 

Although forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on
facts and factors known by us at the time of such statements. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks
and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation,
those discussed herein, including those risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors, and expressed from time to time in our
other filings with the SEC. In addition, historic results of scientific research, clinical and preclinical trials do not guarantee that
the conclusions of future research or trials would not suggest different conclusions. Also, historic results referred to in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K could be interpreted differently in light of additional research, clinical and preclinical trials results. Readers
are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any
event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider
the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this Annual Report on Form 10-K which attempt to advise interested parties of
the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Description of Business 

We are currently a pharmaceutical
company engaged in the research and development of innovative pharmaceutical solutions with a technology platform that allows for the
oral delivery of therapeutic proteins. 

Through our research and development
efforts, we have developed an oral dosage form intended to withstand the harsh environment of the stomach and effectively deliver active
biological insulin or other proteins. The excipients in the formulation are not intended to modify the proteins chemically or biologically,
and the dosage form is designed to be safe to ingest. We plan to continue to conduct clinical trials to show the effectiveness of our
technology. 

On January 11, 2023, we
announced that our Phase 3 trial, or the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial, did not meet its primary and secondary endpoints. As a result, we
terminated both ORA-D-013-1 and ORA-D-013-2 Phase 3 clinical trials. In parallel, we have initiated a comprehensive analysis of the data
to understand if there is a path forward for our oral insulin candidate. We are examining our existing pipeline and have commenced an
evaluation process of potential strategic opportunities, with the goal of enhancing value for our stockholders. 

Research and Development 

Oral insulin 

Type 2 Diabetes : We
conducted the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial on patients with type 2 diabetes, or T2D, with inadequate glycaemic control who were on two or
three oral glucose-lowering agents. The primary endpoint of the trial was to evaluate the efficacy of our oral insulin capsule, ORMD-0801,
compared to placebo in improving glycaemic control as assessed by HbA1c, with a secondary efficacy endpoint of assessing the change from
baseline in fasting plasma glucose at 26 weeks. On January 11, 2023, we announced that the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial did not meet its
primary and secondary endpoints. Following the results of the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial, we also terminated the ORA-D-013-2 Phase 3 trial,
a second Phase 3 trial that included T2D patients with inadequate glycaemic control who were attempting to manage their condition with
either diet alone or with diet and metformin. 

NASH : In December 2020,
we initiated a double blind, placebo controlled clinical trial of ORMD-0801 for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, or NASH,
in T2D. On September 13, 2022, we reported positive top line results from this trial, demonstrating that ORMD-0801 was safe and well tolerated
at 8 mg twice daily dosing, meeting the primary endpoint of no difference in adverse events for ORMD-0801 compared to placebo. The trial
also evaluated the effectiveness of ORMD-0801 in reducing liver fat content over the 12-week treatment period by observing several independent
measures. All the measurements showed a consistent clinically meaningful trend in favor of ORMD-0801. We are currently evaluating our
path forward for ORMD-0801 for NASH. 

Oral Vaccine 

On March 18, 2021, we entered
into a license agreement, or the Oravax License Agreement, with Oravax, our 63 owned joint venture, pursuant to which we granted to Oravax
an exclusive, worldwide license of our rights in certain patents and related intellectual property relating to our proprietary oral delivery
technology to further develop, manufacture and commercialize oral vaccines for COVID-19 and other novel coronaviruses based on Premas
Biotech Pvt. Ltd. s, or Premas s, proprietary vaccine technology involving a triple antigen virus like particle, or the Oravax
product, which was previously owned by Cystron Biotech LLC, and later acquired by Akers Biosciences Inc., or Akers. Effective January
1, 2022, Oravax transferred its rights and obligations under the Oravax License Agreement to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Oravax Medical
Ltd. For further details regarding the Oravax License Agreement, see note 12 to our audited consolidated financial statements. 

1 

In October 2021, Oravax s
oral virus-like particle, or VLP, COVID-19 vaccine received clearance from the South African Health Products Regulatory Authority (SAPHRA)
to initiate a Phase 1 trial. On December 14, 2021, Oravax screened and enrolled the first participant in this Phase 1 clinical trial.
The trial protocol was divided into two cohorts each comprised of 12 participants, with a 42-day safety waiting period between cohorts.
Due to several factors, including the fact that many volunteers did not qualify during screening due to prior asymptomatic COVID-19 infection
and other conditions, the rate of enrollment was slower than anticipated and as a result, we added an additional clinical site. On October
11, 2022, Oravax reported positive preliminary Phase 1 data for Cohort A of this trial, meeting primary and secondary endpoints of safety
and immunogenicity. These results included significant antibody response (2-6 fold over baseline) as measured by multiple markers of immune
response to VLP vaccine antigens observed in the majority of the patients dosed, and no safety issues were observed, including mild symptoms.
Cohort B completed dosing on January 5, 2023 and data is expected in the first half of 2023. 

On December 29, 2021, Oravax signed a cooperation
and purchase agreement for an initial pre-purchase of 10 million doses of oral COVID-19 vaccines with Tan Thanh Holdings to commercialize
the vaccine in Southeast Asia. 

Raw Materials 

Our oral insulin capsule is
currently manufactured by Fidelio Healthcare, a diversified European Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) in the
pharmaceutical and healthcare industries. 

In July 2010, Oramed Ltd.
entered into the Manufacturing and Supply Agreement with Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GMBH, or Sanofi-Aventis. According to the agreement,
Sanofi-Aventis supplies Oramed Ltd. with specified quantities of recombinant human insulin to be used for clinical trials. 

We have purchased, pursuant
to separate agreements with third parties, the raw materials required for the manufacturing of our oral capsule. We generally depend upon
a limited number of suppliers for the raw materials. Although alternative sources of supply for these materials are generally available,
we could incur significant costs and disruptions if we need to change suppliers. The termination of our relationships with our suppliers
or the failure of these suppliers to meet our requirements for raw materials on a timely and cost-effective basis could have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Market Overview 

Diabetes is a disease in which
the body does not produce or properly use insulin. Insulin is a hormone that causes sugar to be absorbed into cells, where the sugar is
converted into energy needed for daily life. The cause of diabetes is attributed both to genetics (type 1 diabetes, or T1D) and, most
often, to environmental factors such as obesity and lack of exercise (T2D). According to the International Diabetes Federation, or IDF,
an estimated 537 million adults (20-79 years) worldwide suffered from diabetes in 2021 and the IDF projects this number will increase
to 783 million by 2045. Also, according to the IDF, in 2021, an estimated 6.7 million people died from diabetes. According to the American
Diabetes Association, or ADA, in the United States there were approximately 37.3 million people with diabetes, or 11.3 of the United
States population in 2019. Diabetes is a leading cause of blindness, kidney failure, heart attack, stroke and amputation. 

Impact of COVID-19 

We do not expect any material
impact on our development timeline and our liquidity due to COVID-19. However, we experienced approximately six months of delays in clinical
trials due to slow-downs of recruitment for trials generally. On the other hand, Oravax continues to develop its oral vaccine, the demand
for which may be reduced if COVID-19 continues to abate. We continue to assess the effect on our operations by monitoring the status of
COVID-19. 

2 

Intellectual Property and Patents 

We own a portfolio of patents
and patent applications covering our technologies, and we are aggressively protecting these technology developments on a worldwide basis. 

We maintain a proactive intellectual
property strategy, which includes patent filings in multiple jurisdictions, including the United States and other commercially significant
markets. We hold 37 patent applications currently pending, with respect to various compositions, methods of production and oral administration
of proteins and exenatide. Expiration dates for pending patents, if granted, will fall between 2026 and 2039. 

We hold 112 patents, twenty
of which were issued during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including patents issued by the United States, Swiss, German, French,
U.K., Italian, Netherlands, Swedish, Spanish, Australian, Israeli, Japanese, New Zealand, South African, Russian, Canadian, Hong Kong,
Chinese, European and Indian patent offices that cover a part of our technology, which allows for the oral delivery of proteins; patents
issued by the Australian, Canadian, European, Austrian, Belgian, French, German, Irish, Italian, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Norwegian,
Spanish, Swedish, Swiss, U.K., Israeli, New Zealand, South African, Russian, Brazilian and Japanese patent offices that cover part of
our technology for the oral delivery of exenatide; and patents issued by the European, Austrian, Belgian, Denmark, French, German, Irish,
Italian, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Spanish, Swedish, Swiss, U.K. and Japanese patent offices for treating diabetes. 

Consistent with our strategy
to seek protection in key markets worldwide, we have been and will continue to pursue the patent applications and corresponding foreign
counterparts of such applications. We believe that our success will depend on our ability to obtain patent protection for our intellectual
property. 

Our patent strategy is as
follows: 

Aggressively
protect all current and future technological developments to assure strong and broad protection by filing patents and/or continuations
in part as appropriate, 

Protect
technological developments at various levels, in a complementary manner, including the base technology, as well as specific applications
of the technology, and 

Establish
comprehensive coverage in the United States and in all relevant foreign markets in anticipation of future commercialization opportunities. 

Trademarks and Trade Secrets 

We have trademark applications
pending in Israel, with Corresponding international trademark applications in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, the European
Union, India, Indonesia, Japan, Kazakhstan, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, Oman, Philippines, Russia, Singapore, Switzerland,
Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, U.S.A., Uzbekistan and Vietnam. 

We also rely on trade secrets
and unpatentable know-how that we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements. Our policy is to require our employees, consultants,
contractors, manufacturers, outside scientific collaborators and sponsored researchers, our Board, technical review board and other advisors,
to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide
that all confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with
us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific limited circumstances. We also require signed confidentiality
or material transfer agreements from any company that is to receive our confidential information. In the case of employees, consultants
and contractors, the agreements provide that all inventions conceived by the individual while rendering services to us shall be assigned
to us as the exclusive property of the Company. There can be no assurance, however, that all persons who we desire to sign such agreements
will sign, or if they do, that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our
trade secrets or unpatentable know-how will not otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. 

3 

Out-Licensed Technology 

Entera Bio 

In June 2010, our wholly-owned
subsidiary, Oramed Ltd., entered into a joint venture agreement with DNA GROUP (T.R.) Ltd. (formerly D.N.A Biomedical Solutions Ltd.),
or DNA, for the establishment of Entera Bio Ltd., or Entera. 

In March 2011, Oramed Ltd.
sold shares of Entera to DNA, retaining 117,000 ordinary shares (after giving effect to a stock split by Entera in July 2018). In consideration
for the shares sold to DNA, the Company received, among other payments, ordinary shares of DNA (see also note 3 to our audited consolidated
financial statements). 

As part of this agreement,
Oramed Ltd. entered into a patent transfer agreement, or the Patent Transfer Agreement, according to which Oramed Ltd. assigned to Entera
all of its rights to a patent application related to the oral administration of proteins that it has licensed to Entera since August 2010,
in return for royalties of 3 of Entera s net revenues and a license back of that patent application for use in respect of diabetes
and influenza. As of December 31, 2022, Entera had not paid any royalties to Oramed Ltd. On December 11, 2018, Entera announced that it
had entered into a research collaboration and license agreement with Amgen, Inc., or Amgen. To the extent that the license granted to
Amgen results in net revenues as defined in the Patent Transfer Agreement, Oramed Ltd. will be entitled to the aforementioned royalties.
As part of a consulting agreement with a third party dated February 15, 2011, Oramed Ltd. is obliged to pay this third party royalties
of 8 of the net royalties received in respect of the patent that was sold to Entera in March 2011. During the years ended December 31,
2022, 2021 and four month period ended December 2021, we did not sell any of DNA s ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2022, we
held approximately 1.4 of DNA s outstanding ordinary shares and approximately 0.4 of Entera s outstanding ordinary shares. 

HTIT 

On November 30, 2015, we entered into a Technology License Agreement,
or TLA, with Hefei Tianhui Incubator of Technologies Co., Ltd., or HTIT, and on December 21, 2015, these parties entered into an Amended
and Restated Technology License Agreement that was further amended by the parties on June 3, 2016 and July 24, 2016, or the HTIT License
Agreement. According to the HTIT License Agreement, we granted HTIT an exclusive commercialization license in the territory of the People s
Republic of China, Macau and Hong Kong, related to our oral insulin capsule, ORMD-0801, or the Product. Pursuant to the HTIT License Agreement,
HTIT will conduct, at its own expense, certain pre-commercialization and regulatory activities with respect to our technology and ORMD-0801
capsule, and will pay (i) royalties of 10 on net sales of the related commercialized products to be sold by HTIT in the territory, or
Royalties, and (ii) an aggregate of 37.5 million, of which 3 million was payable immediately, 8 million will be paid subject to our
entry into certain agreements with certain third parties, and 26.5 million will be payable upon achievement of certain milestones and
conditions. In the event that we will not meet certain conditions, the Royalties rate may be reduced to a minimum of 8 . Following the
final expiration of our patents covering the technology in the territory in 2033, the Royalties rate may be reduced, under certain circumstances,
to 5 . The royalty payment obligation shall apply during the period of time beginning upon the first commercial sale of the Product in
the territory, and ending upon the later of (i) the expiration of the last-to-expire licensed patents in the territory; and (ii) 15 years
after the first commercial sale of the Product in the territory. The HTIT License Agreement shall remain in effect until the expiration
of the royalty term. The HTIT License Agreement contains customary termination provisions. Through December 31, 2022, we received aggregate
milestone payments of 20.5 million out of the aggregate amount of 37.5 million. 

On August 21, 2020, we received
a letter from HTIT, disputing certain pending payment obligations of HTIT under the TLA. We wholly dispute said claims and we are in discussions
with HTIT in an attempt to reach a mutually agreeable solution. We are currently evaluating with HTIT a path forward to continue our collaboration,
following the results of our ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial. 

Oravax License 

In consideration for the grant
of the license under the Oravax License Agreement, we will receive (i) royalties equal to 7.5 on net sales, as defined in the Oravax
License Agreement, of each product commercialized by Oravax, its affiliates and permitted sublicensees related to the license during the
term specified in the Oravax License Agreement, (ii) sublicensing fees equal to 15 of any non-sales-based consideration received by Oravax
from a permitted sublicensee and (iii) other payments ranging between 25 million to 100 million, based on certain sales milestones being
achieved by Oravax. The parties further agreed to establish a development and steering committee, which will consist of three members,
of which two members will be appointed by us, that will oversee the ongoing research, development, clinical and regulatory activity with
respect to the Oravax product. In addition, we agreed to buy and Oravax agreed to issue to us 1,890,000 shares of common stock of Oravax,
representing 63 of the common stock of Oravax for the aggregate amount of 1.5 million. Akers contributed 1.5 million in cash to Oravax
and a license agreement to the Oravax product. Nadav Kidron, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, was one of the
former members of Cystron. See note 12 to our audited consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Medicox License 

On November 13, 2022, we
entered into a distribution license agreement with Medicox Co., Ltd., or Medicox. an emerging biotech company with a consortium of proven
partnerships in the Republic of Korea. The agreement grants Medicox the exclusive license to apply for regulatory approval and distribute
ORMD-0801 for ten years in the Republic of Korea. Medicox will comply with agreed distribution targets and will purchase ORMD-0801 at
an agreed upon transfer price per capsule. In addition, Medicox will pay Oramed up to 15 million in developmental milestones, 2 million
of which have already been received by Oramed to date, and up to 15 royalties on gross sales. Medicox will also be responsible for gaining
regulatory approval in the Republic of Korea. 

We are currently evaluating
with Medicox a path forward to continue our collaboration, following the results of our ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial. 

Government Regulation 

The Drug Development
Process 

Regulatory requirements for
the approval of new drugs vary from one country to another. In order to obtain approval to market our drug portfolio, we need to go through
a different regulatory process in each country in which we apply for such approval. In some cases, information gathered during the approval
process in one country can be used as supporting information for the approval process in another country. As a strategic decision, we
decided to first explore the FDA regulatory pathway. The following is a summary of the FDA s requirements. 

The FDA requires that pharmaceutical
and certain other therapeutic products undergo significant clinical experimentation and clinical testing prior to their marketing or introduction
to the general public. Clinical testing, known as clinical trials or clinical studies, is either conducted internally by life science,
pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies or is conducted on behalf of these companies by CROs. 

The process of conducting
clinical trials is highly regulated by the FDA, as well as by other governmental and professional bodies. Below we describe the principal
framework in which clinical trials are conducted, as well as describe a number of the parties involved in these trials. 

Protocols . Before commencing
human clinical trials, the sponsor of a new drug or therapeutic product must submit an IND application to the FDA. The application contains,
among other documents, what is known in the industry as a protocol. A protocol is the blueprint for each drug study. The protocol sets
forth, among other things, the following: 

Who must be recruited as qualified participants, 

How often to administer the drug or product, 

What tests to perform on the participants, and 

What dosage of the drug or amount of the product to give to the participants. 

5 

Institutional Review Board .
An institutional review board is an independent committee of professionals and lay persons which reviews clinical research trials involving
human beings and is required to adhere to guidelines issued by the FDA. The institutional review board does not report to the FDA, but
its records are audited by the FDA. Its members are not appointed by the FDA. All clinical trials must be approved by an institutional
review board. The institutional review board s role is to protect the rights of the participants in the clinical trials. It approves
the protocols to be used, the advertisements which the company or CRO conducting the study proposes to use to recruit participants, and
the form of consent which the participants will be required to sign prior to their participation in the clinical trials. 

Clinical Trials . Human
clinical trials or testing of a potential product are generally done in three stages known as Phase 1 through Phase 3 testing. The names
of the phases are derived from the regulations of the FDA. Generally, there are multiple trials conducted in each phase. 

Phase 1 . Phase 1 trials
involve testing a drug or product on a limited number of healthy or patient participants, typically 24 to 100 people at a time. Phase
1 trials determine a product s basic safety and how the product is absorbed by, and eliminated from, the body. This phase lasts
an average of six months to a year. 

Phase 2 . Phase 2 trials
involve testing of no more than 300 participants at a time who may suffer from the targeted disease or condition. Phase 2 testing typically
lasts an average of one to two years. In Phase 2, the drug is tested to determine its safety and effectiveness for treating a specific
illness or condition. Phase 2 testing also involves determining acceptable dosage levels of the drug. Phase 2 trials may be split into
Phase 2a and Phase 2b sub-trials. Phase 2a trials may be conducted with patient volunteers and are exploratory (non-pivotal) trials, typically
designed to evaluate clinical efficacy or biological activity. Phase 2b trials are conducted with patients defined to evaluate definite
dose range and evaluate efficacy. If Phase 2 trials show that a new drug has an acceptable range of safety risks and probable effectiveness,
a company will generally continue to review the substance in Phase 3 trials. 

Phase 3 . Phase 3 trials
involve testing large numbers of participants, typically several hundred to several thousand persons. The purpose is to verify effectiveness
and long-term safety on a large scale. These trials generally last two to three years. Phase 3 trials are conducted at multiple locations
or sites. Like the other phases, Phase 3 requires the site to keep detailed records of data collected and procedures performed. 

Biological License Application .
The results of the clinical trials for a biological product are submitted to the FDA as part of a Biological License Application, or BLA.
Following the completion of Phase 3 trials, assuming the sponsor of a potential product in the United States believes it has sufficient
information to support the safety and effectiveness of its product, the sponsor will generally submit a BLA to the FDA requesting that
the product be approved for marketing. The application is a comprehensive, multi-volume filing that includes the results of all clinical
trials, information about the drug s composition, and the sponsor s plans for producing, packaging and labeling the product.
The FDA s review of an application can take a few months to many years, with the average review lasting 18 months. Once approved,
drugs and other products may be marketed in the United States, subject to any conditions imposed by the FDA. Approval of a BLA provides
12 years of exclusivity in the U.S. market. 

Phase 4 . The FDA may
require that the sponsor conduct additional clinical trials following new drug approval. The purpose of these trials, known as Phase 4
trials, is to monitor long-term risks and benefits, study different dosage levels or evaluate safety and effectiveness. In recent years,
the FDA has increased its reliance on these trials. Phase 4 trials usually involve thousands of participants. Phase 4 trials also may
be initiated by the company sponsoring the new drug to gain broader market value for an approved drug. 

European Regulation .
Similar to the U.S., a European sponsor of a biological product may submit a Marketing Approval Application to the European Medicines
Agency, or EMA, for the registration of the product. The approval process in Europe consists of several stages, which together are summed
up to 210 days from the time of submission of the application (net, without periods in which the sponsor provides answers to questions
raised by the agency) following which, a Marketing Approval may be granted. During the approval process, the sponsor s manufacturing
facilities will be audited in order to assess Good Manufacturing Practice compliance. 

6 

The drug approval process
is time-consuming, involves substantial expenditures of resources, and depends upon a number of factors, including the severity of the
illness in question, the availability of alternative treatments, and the risks and benefits demonstrated in the clinical trials. 

Other Regulations 

Various federal, state and
local laws, regulations, and recommendations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory practices, the experimental use of animals,
the environment and the purchase, storage, movement, import, export, use, and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances,
including radioactive compounds and infectious disease agents, used in connection with our research are applicable to our activities.
They include, among others, the U.S. Atomic Energy Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act,
the National Environmental Policy Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, and Resources Conservation and Recovery Act, national restrictions
on technology transfer, import, export, and customs regulations, and other present and possible future local, state, or federal regulation.
The compliance with these and other laws, regulations and recommendations can be time-consuming and involve substantial costs. In addition,
the extent of governmental regulation which might result from future legislation or administrative action cannot be accurately predicted
and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Competition 

Competition in the area of
biomedical and pharmaceutical research and development is intense and significantly depends on scientific and technological factors. These
factors include the availability of patent and other protection for technology and products, the ability to commercialize technological
developments and the ability to obtain regulatory approval for testing, manufacturing and marketing. Our competitors include major pharmaceutical,
medical products, chemical and specialized biotechnology companies, many of which have financial, technical and marketing resources significantly
greater than ours. In addition, many biotechnology companies have formed collaborations with large, established companies to support research,
development and commercialization of products that may be competitive with ours. Academic institutions, governmental agencies and other
public and private research organizations are also conducting research activities and seeking patent protection and may commercialize
products on their own or through joint ventures. We are aware of certain other products manufactured or under development by competitors
that are used for the treatment of the diseases and health conditions that we have targeted for product development. We can provide no
assurance that developments by others will not render our technology obsolete or noncompetitive, that we will be able to keep pace with
new technological developments or that our technology will be able to supplant established products and methodologies in the therapeutic
areas that are targeted by us. The foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. These companies, as well as academic institutions, governmental agencies and private research organizations,
also compete with us in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific personnel and consultants. 

Competition within our sector
is increasing, so we will encounter competition from existing firms that offer competitive solutions in diabetes treatment solutions.
These competitive companies could develop products that are superior to, or have greater market acceptance, than the products being developed
by us. We will have to compete against other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies with greater market recognition and greater financial,
marketing and other resources. 

7 

Our competition will be determined
in part by the potential indications for which our technology is developed and ultimately approved by regulatory authorities. In addition,
the first product to reach the market in a therapeutic or preventive area is often at a significant competitive advantage relative to
later entrants to the market. Accordingly, the relative speed with which we, or our potential corporate partners, can develop products,
complete the clinical trials and approval processes and supply commercial quantities of the products to the market are expected to be
important competitive factors. Our competitive position will also depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific and
other personnel, develop effective proprietary products, develop and implement production and marketing plans, obtain and maintain patent
protection and secure adequate capital resources. We expect our technology, if approved for sale, to compete primarily on the basis of
product efficacy, safety, patient convenience, reliability, value and patent position. 

We anticipated that our oral
insulin capsule would be a competitive diabetes drug because of its anticipated efficacy and safety profile; however, there are other
treatment options for T1D and T2D patients, such as insulin injections, insulin pumps or a combination of diet, exercise and oral medication
which improve the body s response to insulin or cause the body to produce more insulin. 

Scientific Advisory Board 

We maintain a Scientific Advisory
Board consisting of internationally recognized scientists who advise us on scientific and technical aspects of our business. The Scientific
Advisory Board meets periodically to review specific projects and to assess the value of new technologies and developments to us. In addition,
individual members of the Scientific Advisory Board meet with us periodically to provide advice in their particular areas of expertise.
The Scientific Advisory Board consists of the following members, information with respect to whom is set forth below: Dr. Roy Eldor, Professor
Ele Ferrannini, Dr. Alexander Fleming, Professor Avram Hershko, Dr. Harold Jacob, Dr. Julio Rosenstock, Dr. Jay Skyler and Dr. Anne Peters. 

Dr. Roy Eldor , MD,
PhD , joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in July 2016. He is an endocrinologist, internist and researcher with over twenty
years of clinical and scientific experience. He is currently Director of the Diabetes Unit at the Institute of Endocrinology, Metabolism
 Hypertension at the Tel-Aviv Sourasky Medical Center. Prior to that, Dr. Eldor served as Principal Scientist at Merck Research Laboratories,
Clinical Research Diabetes Endocrinology. He previously served as a senior physician in internal medicine at the Diabetes
Unit in Hadassah Hebrew University Hospital in Jerusalem, Israel; and the Diabetes Division at the University of Texas Health Science
Center in San Antonio, Texas. Dr. Eldor is a recognized expert, with over 50 peer reviewed papers and book chapters, and has been a guest
speaker at numerous international forums. 

Professor Ele Ferrannini ,
 MD , joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in February 2007. He is a past President to the European Association for the
Study of Diabetes (EASD), which supports scientists, physicians and students from all over the world who are interested in diabetes and
related subjects in Europe and performs functions similar to that of the American Diabetes Association in the United States. Professor
Ferrannini has worked with various institutions including the Department of Clinical Experimental Medicine at the University of
Pisa School of Medicine, and CNR (National Research Council) Institute of Clinical Physiology in Pisa, Italy; and the Diabetes Division,
Department of Medicine at the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio, Texas. He has extensive training in internal medicine
and endocrinology, and has specialized in diabetes trials. Professor Ferrannini has received a Certificate of the Educational Council
for Foreign Medical Graduates from the University of Bologna, and completed a subspecialty in Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases at the University
of Torino, cum laude . He has published over 500 original papers and 50 book chapters and he is a highly cited researcher, 
according to the Institute for Scientific Information. 

Dr. Alexander Fleming,
MD , joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in December 2019. Dr. Fleming, an endocrinologist, is Founder and Executive Chairman
of Kinexum, a strategic advisory firm. From 1986 to 1998, he served at the FDA as a supervisory medical officer in the Division of Metabolism
and Endocrine Drug Products and was responsible for landmark approvals of the first statin, metformin, and other endocrine and metabolic
therapies. He also represented the FDA at the World Health Organization and on multiple expert working groups of the International Conference
on Harmonization (ICH). Dr. Fleming coined the term, Metabesity, which refers to the constellation of major chronic diseases and the aging
process itself, all which share common metabolic root causes and potential preventive therapies. He organized the first Congress on Metabesity
in London in October 2017, followed by annual conferences. In 2020, Dr. Fleming founded the non-profit Kitalys Institute as a means of
producing Metabesity conferences and advancing interventions of any kind that can improve health and healthspan. 

8 

Professor Avram Hershko,
MD, PhD , joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in July 2008. Professor Hershko served as a physician in the Israel Defense
Forces from 1965 to 1967. After a post-doctoral fellowship with Gordon Tomkins at the University of San Francisco from 1969 to 1972, he
joined the faculty of the Haifa Technion becoming a professor in 1980. He is now Distinguished Professor in the Unit of Biochemistry in
the B. Rappaport Faculty of Medicine of the Technion in Haifa, Israel. Professor Hershko s main research interests concern the mechanisms
by which cellular proteins are degraded, a formerly neglected field of study. Professor Hershko and his colleagues showed that cellular
proteins are degraded by a highly selective proteolytic system. This system tags proteins for destruction by linkage to a protein called
ubiquitin, which had previously been identified in many tissues, but whose function was previously unknown. Subsequent work by Professor
Hershko and many other laboratories has shown that the ubiquitin system has a vital role in controlling a wide range of cellular processes,
such as the regulation of cell division, signal transduction and DNA repair. Professor Hershko was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry
in 2004, jointly with his former PhD student Aaron Ciechanover and their colleague Irwin Rose. His many honors include the Israel Prize
for Biochemistry (1994), the Gairdner Award (1999), the Lasker Prize for Basic Medical Research (2000), the Wolf Prize for Medicine (2001)
and the Louisa Gross Horwitz Award (2001). Professor Hershko is a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences since 2000 and a Foreign Associate
of the U.S. Academy of Sciences since 2003. 

Dr. Harold Jacob, MD ,
joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in November 2016. Since 1998, Dr. Jacob has served as the president of Medical Instrument
Development Inc., a company which provides a range of support and consulting services to start-up and early stage companies as well as
patenting its own proprietary medical devices. Since 2011, Dr. Jacob has also served as an attending physician at Hadassah University
Medical Center in Jerusalem, Israel, where he has served as the director of the gastrointestinal endoscopy unit since September 2013.
Dr. Jacob has advised a spectrum of companies in the past and he served as a consultant and then as the Director of Medical Affairs at
Given Imaging Ltd., from 1997 to 2003, a company that developed the first swallowable wireless pill camera for inspection of the intestine.
He has licensed patents to a number of companies including Kimberly-Clark Corporation. Since 2014, Dr. Jacob has served as the Chief Medical
Officer and a director of NanoVibronix, Inc., a medical device company using surface acoustics to prevent catheter acquired infection
as well as other applications, where he served as Chief Executive Officer from 2004 to 2014. He practiced clinical gastroenterology in
New York and served as Chief of Gastroenterology at St. John s Episcopal Hospital and South Nassau Communities Hospital from 1986
to 1995, and was a Clinical Assistant Professor of Medicine at SUNY from 1983 to 1990. Dr. Jacob founded and served as Editor in Chief
of Endoscopy Review and has authored numerous publications in the field of gastroenterology. 

Dr. Julio Rosenstock,
MD , joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in January 2020. Dr. Rosenstock is the Senior Scientific Advisor and Director
of Velocity Clinical Research at Medical City, Dallas, Texas, and a Clinical Professor of Medicine at the University of Texas Southwestern
Medical Center in Dallas, Texas. He is board certified in Internal Medicine, Endocrinology and Metabolism. His clinical and research activities
have focused on exploring novel agents and therapeutic strategies to improve glycemic control, particularly early combination therapies
in Type 2 Diabetes. Over the last 30 years, he has participated in hundreds of clinical trials and has had an active role in the development
of new oral agents, incretin-related therapies and insulin formulations, often acting as a lead clinical investigator and scientific advisor
on the design and reporting of these clinical trials. Dr. Rosenstock has been the author or co-author of 360 peer-reviewed manuscripts H-index 119 and several hundreds of scientific abstracts. He has also contributed to 13 book chapters on various topics in the
field of diabetes and is considered a key opinion leader in Type 2 Diabetes. 

Dr. Jay Skyler, MD,
MCAP, FRCP , joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in January 2020. Dr. Skyler is Professor of Medicine, Pediatrics and Psychology
in the Division of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism, Department of Medicine, University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine.
He previously held the position of Director of the Division of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism. In addition, Dr. Skyler is Deputy
Director of Clinical Research and Academic Programs at the Diabetes Research Institute, and an Adjunct Professor of Pediatrics at the
Barbara Davis Center for Childhood Diabetes at the University of Colorado in Denver. Dr. Skyler s research focuses on the clinical
aspects of diabetes, specifically the conduct of randomized controlled clinical trials. From 1993 to 2015, he was Chairman of the National
Institute of Health (NIDDK)-sponsored Diabetes Prevention Trial - Type 1 (DPT-1) and its successor Type 1 Diabetes Trial Net, a
nationwide and global network conducting clinical trials to prevent T1D. 

9 

Dr. Anne Peters, MD ,
joined the Oramed Scientific Advisory Board in June 2022. Dr. Peters is Professor of Medicine at the Keck School of Medicine of the University
of Southern California (USC) and Director of the USC Clinical Diabetes Programs. Dr. Peters earned her medical degree from the Pritzker
School of Medicine at the University of Chicago and performed an internal medicine residency at Stanford University and an endocrinology
fellowship at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. She previously directed the clinical diabetes programs at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and UCLA
in California. Her research has focused on testing new approaches for diagnosing and treating diabetes and developing systems of care
to improve outcomes in diabetic populations. Dr. Peters is the chair of the Endocrine Society Committee on Diabetes Devices and is on
the EASD/ADA Technology Safety Committee. Additionally, she is a member of the JDRF Panel on Management of Exercise in type 1 Diabetes
and a member of the ABIM Endocrinology Subspecialty Board. Dr. Peters has consulted for many entities, including the FDA, Optum Rx and
CVS/Caremark to help guide the development and use of treatments for diabetes. In addition to being an investigator for more than 40 research
studies, Dr. Peters has published over 200 articles, has written four books, and has given more than 500 lectures locally, nationally,
and internationally. She has been on multiple guideline writing committees for the treatment of both type 1 and type 2 diabetes. She was
a recipient of the ADA Outstanding Physician Clinician Award, the Bernardo Houssay Award from the National Minority Quality Forum and
received a 2021 Endocrine Society Laureate Award for Public Service. 

Employees 

We believe it is imperative
to attract and retain top talent for all positions in the Company. We seek to make Oramed an inclusive, diverse and safe workplace, with
meaningful compensation, benefits and wellness programs and opportunities. 

We have experienced personnel involved in our research and development
programs, as well as appropriate clinical/regulatory, quality assurance and other personnel needed to advance through clinical trials
or have engaged the services of experts in the field for these requirements. As of December 31, 2022, we have contracted with seventeen
individuals for employment or consulting arrangements, including employees of Oravax. Of our staff, six are senior management, four are
engaged in research and development work, and the remaining seven are involved in corporate and administration work. 

We provide competitive compensation,
health and retirement programs for our employees. We offer variable pay in the form of bonuses and stock-based compensation for eligible
employees. We also provide our employees with additional benefits such as team-building and educational offsite activities and gym facilities.
We believe that this provides a comprehensive package to engage, motivate and retain our employees as a cohesive unit unified in its goal
to achieve the Company s strategy and objectives. 

Additional Information 

Additional
information about us is contained on our Internet website at www.oramed.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference
into this report. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those
reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available
free of charge on our website under SEC Filings as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material
with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Reports filed with the SEC are made available on its website at www.sec.gov and
are also available on the website of the Israeli Securities Authority at www.magna.isa.gov.il or
on the website of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange at www.tase.co.il. The following corporate governance documents are also posted on our website:
Code of Ethics, Whistleblowing Policy and the charters for each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee
of our Board. 

10 

ITEM 1A. RISK
FACTORS. 

An investment in our
securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following information about these risks, together with the
other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment decision. Our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected as a result of any of the following risks. The value of our
securities could decline as a result of any of these risks. You could lose all or part of your investment in our securities. Some of the
statements in Item 1A. Risk Factors are forward-looking statements. The following risk factors are not the only risk factors
facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Our strategic review process may
not be successful or timely. 

Following the results of the
ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial, we have initiated a comprehensive analysis of the data to understand if there is a path forward for our oral
insulin candidate. Concurrently, we are examining our existing pipeline and have commenced an evaluation process of potential strategic
opportunities, including among others, continuation as a stand-alone business, capital raises, or one or more acquisitions, mergers or
business combinations or other strategic transactions. Potential counterparties in a strategic transaction involving us may place minimal
or no value on our assets. While we are devoting significant efforts to identify and evaluate potential strategic alternatives, there
can be no assurance that this strategic review process will result in us pursuing any transaction or that any transaction, if pursued,
will be completed on attractive terms or at all. Additionally, there can be no assurances that any particular course of action, business
arrangement or transaction, or series of transactions, will be pursued, successfully consummated, or lead to any stockholder value. Any
potential transaction would be dependent on a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including, among other things, market
conditions, industry trends, the interest of third parties in a potential transaction with us, obtaining stockholder approval and the
availability of financing to third parties in a potential transaction with us on reasonable terms. The process of reviewing alternative
strategic paths may be time consuming, may involve the dedication of significant resources and may require us to incur significant costs
and expenses. It could negatively impact our ability to attract, retain and motivate employees, and expose us to potential litigation
in connection with this process or any resulting transaction. If we are not successful in setting forth a new strategic path for the Company,
or if our plans are not executed in a timely fashion, this may cause reputational harm with our stockholders and other stakeholders and
the value of our securities may be adversely impacted. In addition, speculation regarding any developments related to the review of strategic
alternatives and perceived uncertainties related to the future of the Company could cause our stock price to fluctuate significantly.
There can be no guarantee that the process of evaluating alternative strategic paths will result in our entering into or completing potential
transactions within the anticipated timing or at all. 

If we are successful in
completing a strategic transaction, we may be exposed to other operational and financial risks. 

Although there can be no assurance
that a strategic transaction will result from the process we have undertaken to identify and evaluate strategic alternatives, the negotiation
and consummation of any such transaction will require significant time on the part of our management and may disrupt our business. The
negotiation and consummation of any such transaction may also require more time or greater cash resources than we anticipate and expose
us to other operational and financial risks, including: 

increased near-term and long-term expenditures 

exposure to unknown liabilities 

higher than expected acquisition or integration
costs 

incurrence of substantial debt or dilutive issuances
of equity securities to fund future operations 

write-downs of assets or goodwill or incurrence
of non-recurring, impairment or other charges 

11 

increased amortization expenses 

impairment of relationships with key suppliers
of any acquired business due to changes in management and ownership 

inability to retain our key employees 
and 

possibility of future litigation. 

Any of the above risks could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and prospects. 

Our ability to consummate
a strategic transaction depends on our ability to retain our employees required to consummate such transaction. 

Our ability to consummate
a strategic transaction depends upon our ability to retain our employees required to consummate such a transaction, the loss of whose
services may adversely impact the ability to consummate such transaction. Our cash conservation activities may yield unintended consequences,
such as attrition and reduced employee morale, which may cause remaining employees to seek alternative employment. Our ability to successfully
complete a strategic transaction depends in large part on our ability to retain certain of our remaining personnel. If we are unable to
successfully retain our remaining personnel, we are at risk of a disruption to our exploration and consummation of a strategic alternative
as well as business operations. 

We may become involved
in securities and stockholder litigation that could divert management s attention and harm the Company s business, and insurance
coverage may not be sufficient to cover all costs and damages. 

In the past, securities and
stockholder litigation has often followed certain significant business transactions, such as the sale of a company or announcement of
any other strategic transaction, or the announcement of negative events, such as negative results from clinical trials. The market price
of our common stock dropped substantially when we announced the results of the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial. We may be exposed to such litigation
even if no wrongdoing occurred. Litigation is usually expensive and diverts management s attention and resources, which could adversely
affect our business and cash resources and our ability to consummate a potential strategic transaction or the ultimate value our stockholders
receive in any such transaction. 

We continue, and in the
future expect, to incur losses . 

Successful evaluation and
completion of our remaining development programs and our transition to normal operations are dependent upon obtaining necessary regulatory
approvals from the FDA prior to selling our products within the United States, and foreign regulatory approvals must be obtained to sell
our products internationally. There can be no assurance that we will receive regulatory approval of any of our product candidates, and
a substantial amount of time may pass before we achieve a level of revenues adequate to support our operations. We also expect to incur
substantial expenditures in connection with our strategic evaluation process, as well as the regulatory approval process for each of our
current or future product candidates during their respective developmental periods. Obtaining marketing approval will be directly dependent
on our ability to implement the necessary regulatory steps required to obtain marketing approval in the United States and in other countries.
We cannot predict the outcome of these activities. 

Based on our current cash
resources and commitments, we believe we will be able to maintain our current planned activities and the corresponding level of expenditures
for at least the next 12 months, although no assurance can be given that we will not need additional funds prior to such time. If there
are unexpected increases in our operating expenses, we may need to seek additional financing during the next 12 months. 

12 

We will need substantial
additional capital in order to satisfy our business objectives. 

To date, we have financed
our operations principally through offerings of securities and we may require substantial additional financing at various intervals in
order to implement any potential strategic alternative, to continue our remaining or potential future research and development programs,
including significant requirements for operating expenses including intellectual property protection and enforcement, for pursuit of regulatory
approvals, and for commercialization of our remaining or future products. We can provide no assurance that additional funding will be
available on a timely basis, on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In the event that we are unable to obtain such financing, we may not
be able to implement the actions we decide to take as part of our strategic review process, and we will not be able to fully develop and
commercialize our technology or pursue new technology. Our future capital requirements will depend upon many factors, including: 

the results of our strategic review process and any new strategic direction we decide to take; 

continued scientific progress in our research and development programs; 

costs and timing of conducting clinical trials and seeking regulatory approvals and patent prosecutions; 

competing technological and market developments; 

our ability to establish additional collaborative relationships; and 

effects of commercialization activities and facility expansions if and as required. 

If we cannot secure adequate
financing when needed, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate one or more of our existing or planned courses of action or
research and development programs, or to enter into license or other arrangements with third parties to commercialize products or technologies
that we would otherwise seek to develop ourselves and commercialize ourselves. In such event, our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations may be adversely affected as we may be required to scale-back, eliminate, or delay development efforts or product
introductions or enter into royalty, sales or other agreements with third parties in order to commercialize our products. 

We have a history of losses
and can provide no assurance as to our future operating results. 

We do not have sufficient
revenues from our research and development activities to fully support our operations. Consequently, we have incurred net losses and negative
cash flows since inception. We currently have only licensing revenues and no product revenues, and may not succeed in developing or commercializing
any products which could generate product revenues. We do not expect to have any products on the market for several years. In addition,
development of our product candidates requires a process of pre-clinical and clinical testing, during which our products could fail. For
example, in January 2023, the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial did not meet its primary and secondary endpoints. We may not be able to enter
into agreements with one or more companies experienced in the manufacturing and marketing of therapeutic drugs and, to the extent that
we are unable to do so, we will not be able to market our product candidates. Eventual profitability will depend on our success in developing,
manufacturing, and marketing our product candidates or in pursuing a successful strategic alternative. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we had working capital of 151,363,000 and 140,569,000, respectively, and stockholders equity of 151,812,000 and 166,453,000,
respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the four month period ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended August 31, 2021,
we generated revenues of 2,703,000, 904,000 and 2,703,000, respectively. For the period from our inception on April 12, 2002 through
December 31, 2022, the year ended December 31, 2022, the four month period ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended August 31, 2021,
we incurred net losses of 163,081,000, 126,520,000 and 114,852,000, respectively. We may never achieve profitability and expect to
incur net losses in the foreseeable future. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. 

We rely upon patents to
protect our technology. 

The patent position of biopharmaceutical
and biotechnology firms is generally uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions. We do not know whether any of our current
or future patent applications will result in the issuance of any patents. Even issued patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented.
Patents may not provide a competitive advantage or afford protection against competitors with similar technology. Competitors or potential
competitors may have filed applications for, or may have received patents and may obtain additional and proprietary rights to compounds
or processes used by or competitive with ours. In addition, laws of certain foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights
to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

Patent litigation is widespread
in the biopharmaceutical and biotechnology industry and we cannot predict how this will affect our efforts to form strategic alliances,
conduct clinical testing or manufacture and market any products under development. If challenged, our patents may not be held valid. We
could also become involved in interference proceedings in connection with one or more of our patents or patent applications to determine
priority of invention. If we become involved in any litigation, interference or other administrative proceedings, we will likely incur
substantial expenses and the efforts of our technical and management personnel will be significantly diverted. In addition, an adverse
determination could subject us to significant liabilities or require us to seek licenses that may not be available on favorable terms,
if at all. We may be restricted or prevented from manufacturing and selling our products in the event of an adverse determination in a
judicial or administrative proceeding or if we fail to obtain necessary licenses. 

13 

We may be unable to protect
our intellectual property rights and we may be liable for infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 

Our ability to compete effectively
will depend on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technologies. We currently hold several pending patent applications
in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Europe, India, Hong Kong, Japan and China for our technologies covering oral administration of insulin
and other proteins and oral administration of exenatide and proteins and 112 patents issued by the United States, Swiss, German, French,
U.K., Italian, Netherlands, Swedish, Spanish, Australian, Israeli, Japanese, New Zealand, South African, Russian, Canadian, Hong Kong,
Chinese, European and Indian patent offices that cover a part of our technology, which allows for the oral delivery of proteins; patents
issued by the Australian, Canadian, European, Austrian, Belgian, French, German, Irish, Italian, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Norwegian,
Spanish, Swedish, Swiss, U.K., Israeli, New Zealand, South African, Russian, Brazilian and Japanese patent offices that cover part of
our technology for the oral delivery of exenatide; and patents issued by the European, Austrian, Belgian, Denmark, French, German, Irish,
Italian, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Spanish, Swedish, Swiss, U.K. and Japanese patent offices for treating diabetes. Further,
we intend to rely on a combination of trade secrets and non-disclosure and other contractual agreements and technical measures to protect
our rights in our technology. We intend to depend upon confidentiality agreements with our officers, directors, employees, consultants,
and subcontractors, as well as collaborative partners, to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology. These measures may not afford
us sufficient or complete protection, and others may independently develop technology similar to ours, otherwise avoid our confidentiality
agreements, or produce patents that would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
operations. We believe that our technology is not subject to any infringement actions based upon the patents of any third parties; however,
our technology may in the future be found to infringe upon the rights of others. Others may assert infringement claims against us or against
companies to which we have licensed our technology, and if we should be found to infringe upon their patents, or otherwise impermissibly
utilize their intellectual property, our ability to continue to use our technology could be materially restricted or prohibited. If this
event occurs, we may be required to obtain licenses from the holders of this intellectual property, enter into royalty agreements, or
redesign our products so as not to utilize this intellectual property, each of which may prove to be uneconomical or otherwise impossible.
Licenses or royalty agreements required in order for us to use this technology may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
These claims could result in litigation, which could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations. Further, we may need to indemnify companies to which we licensed our technology in the event that such technology is found
to infringe upon the rights of others. 

Our commercial success will
also depend significantly on our ability to operate without infringing the patents and other proprietary rights of third parties. Patent
applications are, in many cases, maintained in secrecy until patents are issued. The publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent
literature frequently occurs substantially later than the date on which the underlying discoveries were made and patent applications are
filed. In the event of infringement or violation of another party s patent, we may be prevented from pursuing product development
or commercialization. See Item 1. Business Description of Business Intellectual Property and Patents. 

Our success was primarily
dependent on the successful commercialization of our oral insulin capsule. 

The successful commercialization
of our principal product, the oral insulin capsule, was crucial for our success. On January 12, 2023, we announced top-line results from
the phase 3 trial of our oral insulin capsule, which did not meet its primary or secondary endpoints, and indicated that we expect to
discontinue oral insulin clinical activities for T2D. At present, following the results of the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial, we have initiated
a comprehensive analysis of the data to understand if there is a path forward for our oral insulin candidate. Concurrently, we are examining
our existing pipeline and have commenced an evaluation process of potential strategic opportunities. Even if our analysis results in a
path forward for our oral insulin capsule, there are a variety of risks and uncertainties related to its development. Principally, these
risks include the following: 

Future
clinical trial results may show the same results as the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial; 

14 

Future
clinical trial results may be inconsistent with previous preliminary testing results and data from our earlier trials may be inconsistent
with clinical data; 

Even
if our oral insulin capsule is shown to be safe and effective for its intended purposes in future clinical trials, we may face significant
or unforeseen difficulties in obtaining or manufacturing sufficient quantities or at reasonable prices; 

Our
ability to complete the development and commercialization of the oral insulin capsule for our intended use is significantly dependent
upon our ability to obtain and maintain experienced and committed partners to assist us with obtaining clinical and regulatory approvals
for, and the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of, the oral insulin capsule on a worldwide basis; 

Even
if our oral insulin capsule is successfully developed, commercially produced and receives all necessary regulatory approvals, there is
no guarantee that there will be market acceptance of our product; and 

Our
competitors may develop therapeutics or other treatments which are superior or less costly than our own with the result that our products,
even if they are successfully developed, manufactured and approved, may not generate significant revenues. 

Our business may be seriously
harmed if our analysis does not produce positive results, if we are unable to find a path forward to continue development of our oral
insulin capsule, if we are unsuccessful in realizing new strategic opportunities or dealing with any of these risks, or if we are unable
to successfully commercialize our oral insulin capsule for some other reason. 

We have limited experience
in conducting clinical trials. 

Clinical trials must meet
FDA and foreign regulatory requirements. We have limited experience in designing, conducting and managing the preclinical trials and clinical
trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates in any country. We have entered into agreements with Integrium
LLC and other consultants to assist us in designing, conducting and managing our various clinical trials in the United States, Europe
and Israel. Any failure of Integrium LLC or any other consultant to fulfill their obligations could result in significant additional costs
as well as delays in designing, consulting and completing clinical trials on our products. 

Our clinical trials may
encounter delays, suspensions or other problems. 

We may encounter problems
in clinical trials that may cause us or the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies to delay, suspend or terminate our clinical trials at any
phase. These problems could include the possibility that we may not be able to conduct clinical trials at our preferred sites, enroll
a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials at one or more sites or begin or successfully complete clinical trials in a timely
fashion, if at all. For example, the rate of enrollment for our Phase 1 clinical trial for our oral COVID-19 vaccine in South Africa was
slower than anticipated due to several factors, including the fact that many volunteers did not qualify during screening due to prior
asymptomatic COVID-19 infection and other conditions, and as a result we had to add an additional clinical site. Furthermore, we, the
FDA or foreign regulatory agencies may suspend clinical trials at any time if we or they believe the subjects participating in the trials
are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or if we or they find deficiencies in the clinical trial process or conduct of the investigation.
If clinical trials of any of the product candidates fail, we will not be able to market the product candidate which is the subject of
the failed clinical trials. The FDA and foreign regulatory agencies could also require additional clinical trials, which would result
in increased costs and significant development delays. Our failure to adequately demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of a pharmaceutical
product candidate under development could delay or prevent regulatory approval of the product candidate and could have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. For example, see Item 1. Business Description
of Business Research and Development During 2022 regarding the results of the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial that did not meet
its primary and secondary endpoints. Finally, the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted clinical trials generally. However, we experienced approximately
six months of delays in clinical trials due to slow-downs of recruitment for trials generally related to COVID-19. We may experience further
delays in site initiation and patient enrollment, failures to comply with study protocols, delays in the manufacture of our product candidates
for clinical testing and other difficulties in starting or competing our clinical trials. 

15 

Initial success in the
completed and ongoing early-stage clinical trials does not ensure success in later stage trials, regulatory approval or commercial viability
of a product. 

Positive results in a clinical
trial may not be replicated in subsequent or confirmatory trials. Additionally, success in preclinical work or early stage clinical trials
does not ensure that later stage or larger scale clinical trials will be successful or that regulatory approval will be obtained. Any
of our product s failure to show sufficient efficacy in patients with the targeted indication, or if such studies are discontinued
for any other reason, could negatively impact our development and commercialization goals for these products and our stock price could
decline. Many companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of
efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. As a result, preliminary and interim data should
be viewed with caution until the final data are available. We have invested in clinical studies of medicines that have not met the primary
clinical endpoints in their Phase 3 studies or have been discontinued for other reasons. For example, in January 2023, we reported
that ORA-D-013-1 trial did not meet its primary or secondary endpoint. Even if later stage clinical trials are successful, regulatory
authorities may delay or decline approval of our product candidates. 

There are a number of factors
that could cause a clinical study to fail or be delayed, including: (i) the clinical study may produce negative or inconclusive results;
(ii) regulators may require that we hold, suspend or terminate clinical research for noncompliance with regulatory requirements; (iii)
we, our partners, the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities could suspend or terminate a clinical study due to adverse side effects of
a product on subjects or lack of efficacy in the trial; (iv) we, or our partners, may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct
additional preclinical testing or clinical studies; (v) change in rates of enrollment and dropout among clinical trial participants; (vi)
differences in the size and type of the patient populations; (vii) changes in and adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical trial
protocols; and (viii) people who enroll in the clinical study may later drop out due to adverse events, a perception they are not benefiting
from participating in the study, fatigue with the clinical study process or personal or other issues. The occurrence of any of these events
could result in significant costs and expense, have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and/or
cause our stock price to decline or experience periods of volatility. 

Clinical trials of our
products conducted by third parties may encounter delays, suspensions or other problems and are outside of our control. 

Third parties who conduct
clinical trials of our products may encounter problems that may cause delays, suspensions or other problems at any phase. These problems
could include the possibility that they may not be able to conduct clinical trials at their preferred sites, enroll a sufficient number
of patients for their clinical trials at one or more sites or begin or successfully complete clinical trials in a timely fashion, if at
all. For example, the rate of enrollment for our Phase 1 clinical trial for our oral COVID-19 vaccine in South Africa was slower than
anticipated due to several factors, including the fact that many volunteers did not qualify during screening due to prior asymptomatic
COVID-19 infection and other conditions, and as a result we had to add an additional clinical site. In addition, these third parties are
not controlled by us and may conduct these trials in a manner in which we disagree or which may prove to be unsuccessful. Furthermore,
domestic or foreign regulatory agencies may suspend clinical trials at any time if they believe the subjects participating in the trials
are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or if they find deficiencies in the clinical trial process or conduct of the investigation.
If such clinical trials conducted by third parties fail, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

We can provide no assurance
that our products will obtain regulatory approval or that the results of clinical trials will be favorable. 

The testing, marketing and
manufacturing of any of our products will require the approval of the FDA or regulatory agencies of other countries. We cannot predict
with any certainty the amount of time necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, including from the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities,
and whether any such approvals will ultimately be granted. In any event, review and approval by the regulatory bodies is anticipated to
take a number of years. Preclinical and clinical trials may reveal that one or more of our products are ineffective or unsafe, in which
event further development of such products could be seriously delayed or terminated. For example, in January 2023, we announced that our
ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial did not meet its primary and secondary endpoints. As a result, we decided to terminate our ORA-D-013-2 Phase
3 trial and have initiated a comprehensive analysis of the data to understand if there is a path forward for our oral insulin candidate.
Moreover, obtaining approval for certain products may require the testing on human subjects of substances whose effects on humans are
not fully understood or documented. Delays in obtaining necessary regulatory approvals of any proposed product and failure to receive
such approvals would have an adverse effect on the product s potential commercial success and on our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that a product may be found to be ineffective or unsafe due to conditions
or facts which arise after development has been completed and regulatory approvals have been obtained. In this event we may be required
to withdraw such product from the market. See Item 1. Business Description of Business Government Regulation. 

16 

We are dependent upon third
party suppliers of our raw materials and for other services. 

We are dependent on outside
vendors for our entire supply of the oral insulin capsules and do not currently have any long-term agreements in place for the supply
of oral insulin capsules, which is still necessary if we decide to continue development of these projects. While we believe that there
are numerous sources of supply available, if the third party suppliers were to cease production, or otherwise fail to supply us with quality
raw materials in sufficient quantities on a timely basis and we were unable to contract on acceptable terms for these services with alternative
suppliers, our ability to produce our products and to conduct testing and clinical trials would be materially adversely affected. 

We rely on suppliers, vendors,
outsourcing partners, alliance partners and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell
our products, manage certain marketing, IT, data and other business unit and functional services and meet their contractual, regulatory
and other obligations. Using these third parties poses a number of risks, such as: (i) they may not perform to our standards or legal
requirements, for example, in relation to the outsourcing of significant clinical development activities for innovative medicines to some
CROs; (ii) they may not produce reliable products; (iii) they may not perform in a timely manner; (iv) they may not maintain confidentiality
of our proprietary information; (v) they may incur a significant cyberattack or business disruption; (vi) they may be subject to government
orders or mandates that require them to give priority to the government and set aside pre-existing commercial orders; (vii) disputes may
arise with respect to ownership of rights to technology developed with our partners; and (viii) disagreements could cause delays in, or
termination of, the research, development or commercialization of the product or result in litigation or arbitration. The failure of any
critical third party to meet its obligations; to adequately deploy business continuity plans in the event of a crisis; and/or to satisfactorily
resolve significant disagreements with us or address other factors, could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results.
In addition, if these third parties violate, or are alleged to have violated, any laws or regulations, including the local pharmaceutical
code, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practice Act of 1977, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, the EU s General Data Protection Regulations,
and other similar laws and regulations, during the performance of their obligations for us, we could suffer financial and reputational
harm or other negative outcomes, including possible legal consequences. 

Any future revenues from
HTIT are dependent upon third party suppliers and Chinese regulatory approvals. 

Any future revenues from HTIT
are dependent upon the achievement of certain milestones and conditions, and the success of HTIT to implement our technology and to manufacture
the oral insulin capsule. Any future revenues from HTIT are also dependent upon the ability of third parties to scale-up one of our oral
capsule ingredients and to scale-up the manufacturing process of our capsules. Our future revenues from royalties from HTIT are further
dependent upon the granting of regulatory approvals in the Territory. Accordingly, if any of the foregoing does not occur, we may not
be successful in receiving future revenues from HTIT and may not succeed with our business plans in China. 

If we do not resolve our
dispute with HTIT favorably, we may need to reverse deferred revenue of up to 2 million and may not receive an additional 4 million
in royalties. 

On August 21, 2020, we received
a letter from HTIT, disputing certain pending payment obligations of HTIT under the TLA. We estimate this obligation to be between 2
million and 6 million. While we wholly dispute said claims and have been engaged in discussions and exchanges with HTIT in an attempt
to clarify and resolve disagreements between the parties regarding milestone payments and work plan implementation, we may be subsequently
required to repay to HTIT up to 2 million, which has been received and has been included in our deferred revenue in each of the consolidated
balance sheets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, we may not receive an additional 4 million in Royalties if
HTIT is entitled to the full disputed amount of 6 million. 

17 

We may not realize a return
on the ordinary shares of DNA and Entera that we own. 

DNA s ordinary shares
are traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange and Entera s ordinary shares are traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market, both of which are
subject to market fluctuations, and may, at times, have a price below the value on the date we acquired such shares. In addition, the
ordinary shares of DNA and Entera have historically experienced low trading volume. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will be
able to resell the ordinary shares of DNA or Entera at the prevailing market prices or that we will realize a positive return on such
shares. 

We may not realize the
full benefit from our distribution license agreement with Medicox. 

Our distribution license agreement
with Medicox provides that Medicox will comply with agreed distribution targets and will purchase ORMD-0801 at an agreed upon transfer
price per capsule and pay us up to 15 million in developmental milestones, 2 million of which have already been received by us. Following
the results of the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial, we are currently evaluating with Medicox a path forward to continue our collaboration. If
we are not successful in finding a mutually agreed way to continue our collaboration, or if Medicox is not successful in independently
advancing the oral insulin candidate, we may not realize the benefits from this collaboration. 

We are highly dependent
upon our ability to enter into agreements with collaborative partners to develop, commercialize and market our products. 

Our long-term strategy is
to ultimately seek a strategic commercial partner, or partners, such as large pharmaceutical companies, with extensive experience in the
development, commercialization, and marketing of insulin applications and/or other orally digestible drugs. Such planned strategic partnership,
or partnerships, may provide a marketing and sales infrastructure for our products as well as financial and operational support for global
clinical trials, post marketing trials, label expansions and other regulatory requirements concerning future clinical development in the
United States and elsewhere. We currently lack the resources to manufacture any of our product candidates on a large scale and we have
no sales, marketing or distribution capabilities. In the event we are not able to enter into a collaborative agreement with a partner,
or partners, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we may be unable to commercialize our products, which would have a material
adverse effect upon our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical
industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition. We may be unable to compete with more
substantial enterprises. 

The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical
industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition. As a result, our products could become
obsolete before we recoup any portion of our related research and development and commercialization expenses. These industries are highly
competitive, and this competition comes both from biotechnology firms and from major pharmaceutical and chemical companies. Many of these
companies have substantially greater financial, marketing and human resources than we do (including, in some cases, substantially greater
experience in clinical testing, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical products). We also experience competition in the development
of our products from universities and other research institutions and compete with others in acquiring technology from such universities
and institutions. We face the risk that new market entrants and existing competition may try to replicate our business model or introduce
a more innovative offering that renders our services less competitive or obsolete. In addition, our research and development efforts may
target diseases and conditions for which there are existing therapies or therapies that are being developed by our competitors. Further,
any products resulting from our research and development efforts might not be able to compete successfully with others existing
and future products. See Item 1. Business Description of Business Competition. 

18 

Our financial position
or results could be negatively affected by product liability claims. 

It is possible that we will
be responsible for potential product liability stemming from product research, development or manufacturing and may face an even greater
risk if any product candidate that we develop is commercialized. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that products
we develop independently or with our partners caused injuries, we could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of the merit or eventual
outcome of such claims, any liability claims may result in, among other things, decreased demand for any product that we may develop,
loss of revenues, significant time and costs to defend the related litigation, initiation of investigations by regulators and injury to
our reputation and significant negative media attention. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based
on drugs or medical treatments that had unanticipated adverse effects. Our clinical trials are covered by liability insurance, but notwithstanding
such coverage, our financial position or results could be negatively affected by product liability claims. 

We have limited senior
management resources and may be required to obtain more resources to manage our growth. 

We expect the expansion of
our business, as well as the activities we take as a result of our strategic review process, to place a significant strain on our limited
managerial, operational and financial resources. We will be required to expand our operational and financial systems significantly and
to expand, train and manage our work force in order to manage the expansion of our operations. Our failure to fully integrate our new
employees into our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
Our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel is critical to our operations and expansion. We face competition for these
types of personnel from other technology companies and more established organizations, many of which have significantly larger operations
and greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we have. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified
personnel on a timely basis, on competitive terms or at all. If we are not successful in attracting and retaining these personnel, our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. See Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 1. Business Description of Business Employees. 

We depend upon our senior
management and skilled personnel and their loss or unavailability could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We currently depend upon the
efforts and abilities of our senior executives, as well as the services of several key consultants and other key personnel, including
Dr. Miriam Kidron, our Chief Scientific Officer. The loss or unavailability of the services of any of these individuals for any significant
period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We do not
maintain key man life insurance policies for any of our senior executives. In addition, recruiting and retaining qualified
scientific personnel to perform future research and development work will be critical to our success. There is currently a shortage of
employees with expertise in developing, manufacturing and commercialization of products and related clinical and regulatory affairs, and
this shortage is likely to continue. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and turnover rates are high. Our ability to attract
and retain qualified personnel may be limited. Our inability to attract and retain qualified skilled personnel would have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our existing and any future
joint ventures may limit our flexibility with jointly owned investments and we may not realize the benefits we expect from these arrangements. 

We are currently party to
a joint venture, and we may in the future sell or contribute additional assets or acquire, develop or recapitalize assets to or in this
joint venture or other joint ventures that we may enter. 

Our participation in our existing
joint venture is subject to risks, including the following: 

We
share approval rights over certain major decisions affecting the ownership or operation of the joint venture and any assets owned by
the joint venture; 

We
may need to contribute additional capital in order to preserve, maintain or grow the joint venture and its investments; 

19 

Our
joint venture investors may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals
and that could affect our ability to fully benefit from the assets owned by the joint venture; 

Our
joint venture investors may be subject to different laws or regulations than us, which could create conflicts of interest; 

Our
joint venture has license and other agreements with other investors, which we are not party to and have no control over; 

Our
ability to sell our interest in, or sell additional assets to, the joint venture or the joint venture s ability to sell additional
interests of, or assets owned by, the joint venture when we so desire are subject to the approval rights of the other joint venture investors
under the terms of the agreements governing the joint venture; and 

Disagreements
with our joint venture investors could result in litigation or arbitration that could be expensive and distracting to management and
could delay important decisions. 

Any of the foregoing risks
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, these, similar, enhanced
or additional risks, including possible risks of the other joint venture investors having licensed assets to the joint venture, may apply
to any future additional or amended joint ventures that we may enter into. 

Healthcare policy changes,
including pending legislation recently adopted and further proposals still pending to reform the U.S. healthcare system, may harm our
future business. 

Healthcare costs have risen
significantly over the past decade. There have been and continue to be proposals by legislators, regulators and third-party payors to
keep these costs down. Certain proposals, if passed, would impose limitations on the prices we will be able to charge for the products
that we are developing, or the amounts of reimbursement available for these products from governmental agencies or third-party payors.
These limitations could in turn reduce the amount of revenues that we will be able to generate in the future from sales of our products
and licenses of our technology. 

In 2010, the federal government
enacted healthcare reform legislation that has significantly impacted the pharmaceutical industry. In addition to requiring most individuals
to have health insurance and establishing new regulations on health plans, this legislation requires discounts under the Medicare drug
benefit program and increased rebates on drugs covered by Medicaid. In addition, the legislation imposes an annual fee, which has increased
annually, on sales by branded pharmaceutical manufacturers. There can be no assurance that our business will not be materially adversely
affected by these increased rebates, fees and other provisions. In addition, these and other initiatives in the United States may continue
the pressure on drug pricing, especially under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and may also increase regulatory burdens and operating
costs. The announcement or adoption of any such initiative could have an adverse effect on potential revenues from any product that we
may successfully develop. An expansion in government s role in the U.S. healthcare industry may lower the future revenues for the
products we are developing and adversely affect our future business, possibly materially. 

In September 2017, members
of the U.S. Congress introduced legislation with the announced intention to repeal and replace major provisions of the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, or the ACA. In addition to those efforts, on October 12, 2017, an executive order was issued that modified certain
aspects of the ACA. Following several years of litigation in the federal courts, in June 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the ACA when
it dismissed a legal challenge to the ACA s constitutionality. Further attempts to repeal or to repeal and replace the ACA may continue.
In addition, various other healthcare reform proposals have also emerged at the federal and state level. We cannot predict what healthcare
initiatives, if any, will be implemented at the federal or state level, or the effect any future legislation or regulation will have on
us. 

We are exposed to fluctuations
in currency exchange rates. 

A considerable amount of our
expenses are generated in dollars or in dollar-linked currencies, but a significant portion of our expenses such as some clinical trials
and payroll costs are generated in other currencies such as NIS and Euro. Most of the time, our non-dollar assets are not totally offset
by non-dollar liabilities. Due to the foregoing and to the fact that our financial results are measured in dollars, our results could
be adversely affected as a result of a strengthening or weakening of the dollar compared to these other currencies. During the years ended
December 31, 2017, 2019, 2020 and 2021, the dollar depreciated in relation to the NIS, which raised the dollar cost of our Israeli based
operations and adversely affected our financial results, while during the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2022, the dollar increased
in relation to the NIS, which reduced the dollar cost of our Israeli based operations costs. In addition, our results could also be adversely
affected if we are unable to guard against currency fluctuations in the future. Although we may in the future decide to undertake foreign
exchange hedging transactions to cover a portion of our foreign currency exchange exposure, we currently do not hedge our exposure to
foreign currency exchange risks. These transactions, however, may not adequately protect us from future currency fluctuations and, even
if they do protect us, may involve operational or financing costs we would not otherwise incur. 

20 

The COVID-19 pandemic,
or any other pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, may materially and adversely affect our clinical trial operations,
our business and operations. 

The spread of COVID-19 may
result in the inability of our suppliers to deliver supplies to us on a timely basis. In addition, health professionals may reduce staffing
and reduce or postpone meetings with clients in response to the spread of an infectious disease. Though we have not yet experienced such
events, if they would occur, they could result in a period of business disruption, and in reduced operations, any of which could materially
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

However, we experienced approximately
six months of delays in clinical trials due to slow-downs of recruitment for trials generally. Although we do not expect any material
impact on our development timeline and our liquidity due to COVID-19, the ongoing development of the COVID-19 pandemic globally could
adversely impact our clinical trial operations in the United States, Israel and in Europe, including our ability to recruit and retain
patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19 if an outbreak
occurs in their geography or due to government or institutional quarantines or stay-at-home measures. We continue to assess the effect
on our operations by monitoring the status of COVID-19. 

We face uncertainties related
to Oravax s oral COVID-19 vaccine. 

We face uncertainties related
to Oravax s oral COVID-19 vaccine, including uncertainties related to the risk that our continued development programs may not be
successful, commercially viable or receive approval from regulatory authorities. Other companies may produce superior or competitive oral
or other products that make Oravax s oral COVID-19 vaccine not commercially worthwhile. Even if we succeed in developing the product,
the demand for any product we may develop may no longer exist, given the fluid nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, including possible decreased
demand for vaccines due to weaker strains, the need for different vaccines for new variants of the virus or an end of the pandemic that
may render Oravax s vaccine obsolete. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

Future sales of our common
stock by our existing stockholders could adversely affect our stock price. 

The market price of our common
stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market, or the perception that these sales
could occur. We experienced a significant decline in the market price of our common stock and a significant increase in trading volume
after announcing the results of our ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial in January 2023. Any strategic decision we make as a result of our strategic
review process may also negatively affect our common stock price or cause volatility in the market price of our common stock. Sales of
large amounts of our securities or large variations in trading volume might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in
the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. As of March 6, 2023, we had outstanding 39,783,813 shares of common stock,
a large majority of which are freely tradable. Giving effect to the exercise in full of all of our outstanding warrants, options and restricted
stock units, or RSUs, including those currently unexercisable or unvested, we would have outstanding 43,386,638 shares of common stock. 

Our issuance of warrants,
options and RSUs to investors, employees and consultants may have a negative effect on the trading prices of our common stock as well
as a dilutive effect. 

We have issued and may continue
to issue warrants, options, RSUs and convertible notes at, above or below the current market price. As of March 6, 2023, we had outstanding
warrants and options exercisable for 1,548,256 shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 4.71. We also had outstanding
RSUs exercisable for 265,302 shares of common stock at a total exercise price of 900. In addition to the dilutive effect of a large number
of shares of common stock and a low exercise price for the warrants and options, there is a potential that a large number of underlying
shares of common stock may be sold in the open market at any given time, which could place downward pressure on the trading of our common
stock. 

21 

Because we will not pay
cash dividends in the foreseeable future, investors may have to sell shares of our common stock in order to realize their investment. 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings,
if any, for reinvestment in the development and expansion of our business. Any credit agreements which we may enter into with institutional
lenders or otherwise may restrict our ability to pay dividends. Whether we pay cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion
of our Board and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and any other factors that
our Board decides is relevant. 

Our failure to maintain
compliance with the Nasdaq Capital Market s continued listing requirements could result in the delisting of our common stock. 

Our common stock is currently
listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. In order to maintain this listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other requirements. Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires the minimum bid price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market to remain above 1.00. If the
bid price of our common stock closes below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days, we would be in violation of Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we would have 180 calendar days to regain compliance with the minimum
bid requirement to achieve compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. 

While we intend to engage
in efforts to maintain compliance, and thus maintain our listing, there can be no assurance that we will continue to meet all applicable
Nasdaq Capital Market requirements in the future, especially in light of any strategic transaction we may choose to undertake. If our
common stock were removed from listing with the Nasdaq Capital Market, it may be subject to the so-called penny stock rules.
The SEC has adopted regulations that define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price per share of
less than 5.00, subject to certain exceptions, such as any securities listed on a national securities exchange, which is the exception
on which we currently rely. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules impose additional sales
practice requirements on broker-dealers, subject to certain exceptions. If our common stock were delisted and determined to be a penny
stock, a broker-dealer may find it more difficult to trade our common stock and an investor may find it more difficult to acquire
or dispose of our common stock on the secondary market. 

If our common stock is delisted
and there is no longer an active trading market for our shares, it may, among other things: 

cause stockholders difficulty in selling our
shares without depressing the market price for the shares or selling our shares at all; 

substantially impair our ability to raise additional
funds; 

result in a loss of institutional investor interest
and fewer financing opportunities for us; and/or 

result in costly litigation, significant liabilities
and diversion of our management s time and attention and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business
and results of operations. 

A delisting would also reduce
the value of our equity compensation plans, which could negatively impact our ability to retain employees. 

As the market price of
our common stock may fluctuate significantly, this may make it difficult for you to sell your shares of common stock when you want or
at prices you find attractive. 

The price of our common stock
is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market and on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange and constantly changes. In recent years, the stock
market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. We expect that the market price of our common stock will continue
to fluctuate. These fluctuations may result from a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. For example, we experienced
a significant decline in the market price of our common stock after announcing the results of our ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial in January
2023. These factors include: 

market acceptance of our new strategy, once determined and announced; 

22 

clinical trial results and the timing of the release of such results; 

the amount of cash resources and our ability to obtain additional funding; 

announcements of research activities, business developments, technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors; 

entering into or terminating strategic relationships; 

changes in government regulation; 

departure of key personnel; 

disputes concerning patents or proprietary rights; 

changes in expense level; 

future sales of our equity or equity-related securities; 

public concern regarding the safety, efficacy or other aspects of the products or methodologies being developed; 

activities of various interest groups or organizations; 

media coverage; and 

status of the investment markets. 

Future sales of common
stock or the issuance of securities senior to our common stock or convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, our common stock
could materially adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, and our ability to raise funds in new equity offerings. 

Future sales of substantial
amounts of our common stock, including pursuant to any strategic opportunity, the Cantor Equity Distribution Agreement (as defined below),
or other equity-related securities in the public market or privately, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect
prevailing trading prices of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through future offerings of equity or other
equity-related securities. We anticipate that we will need to raise capital through offerings of equity and equity related securities.
We can make no prediction as to the effect, if any, that future sales of shares of our common stock or equity-related securities, or the
availability of shares of common stock for future sale, will have on the trading price of our common stock. 

Our stockholders may experience
significant dilution as a result of any additional financing using our equity securities. 

To the extent that we raise
additional funds by issuing equity securities, including in connection with any strategic opportunity or pursuant to the Cantor Equity
Distribution Agreement, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. Additionally, we may, from time to time or in connection
with a strategic alternative, issue additional shares of common stock at a discount from the current trading price of our common stock.
As a result, our stockholders would experience immediate dilution upon the purchase of any shares of our common stock sold at such discount.
In addition, as opportunities present themselves, we may enter into financing or similar arrangements in the future, including the issuance
of convertible debt securities, preferred stock or common stock. If we issue common stock or securities convertible into common stock,
our common stockholders would experience additional dilution and, as a result, our stock price may decline. 

Risks Related to Conducting Business in Israel 

We are affected by the
political, economic and military risks of having operations in Israel. 

We have operations in the
State of Israel, and we are directly affected by political, economic and security conditions in that country. Since the establishment
of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its Arab neighbors and a state of hostility,
varying in degree and intensity, has led to security and economic problems for Israel. In addition, acts of terrorism, armed conflicts
or political instability in the region could negatively affect local business conditions and harm our results of operations. We cannot
predict the effect on the region of any diplomatic initiatives or political developments involving Israel or the Palestinians or other
countries and territories in the Middle East. Recent political events, including political uprisings, social unrest and regime change,
in various countries in the Middle East and North Africa have weakened the stability of those countries and territories, which could result
in extremists coming to power. In addition, Iran has threatened to attack Israel and is widely believed to be developing nuclear weapons.
Iran is also believed to have a strong influence among extremist groups in the region, such as Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon.
This situation has escalated in the past and may potentially escalate in the future to violent events which may affect Israel and us.
Our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if major hostilities involving
Israel should occur or if trade between Israel and its current trading partners is interrupted or curtailed. 

23 

All adult male permanent residents
of Israel, unless exempt, may be required to perform military reserve duty annually. Additionally, all such residents are subject to being
called to active duty at any time under emergency circumstances. Some of our officers, directors and employees currently are or in the
future may be obligated to perform annual military reserve duty. We can provide no assurance that such requirements will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations in the future, particularly if emergency circumstances
occur. 

Because we received grants
from the Israel Innovation Authority of the Israeli Ministry of Economy Industry we are subject to ongoing restrictions. 

We received royalty-bearing
grants from the Israel Innovation Authority of the Israeli Ministry of Economy Industry, or IIA, for research and development programs
that meet specified criteria. We did not recognize any grants in the year ended December 31, 2022, the four month period ended December
31,2021 and the year ended August 31, 2021. We do not expect to receive further grants from the IIA in the future. The terms of the IIA
grants limit our ability to transfer know-how developed under an approved research and development program outside of Israel, regardless
of whether the royalties were fully paid. 

It may be difficult to
enforce a U.S. judgment against us or our officers and directors and to assert U.S. securities laws claims in Israel. 

Almost all of our directors
and officers are nationals and/or residents of countries other than the United States. As a result, service of process upon us, our Israeli
subsidiary and our directors and officers, may be difficult to obtain within the United States. Furthermore, because the majority of our
assets and investments, and most of our directors and officers are located outside the United States, it may be difficult for investors
to enforce within the United States any judgments obtained against us or any such officers or directors. Additionally, it may be difficult
to assert U.S. securities law claims in original actions instituted in Israel. Israeli courts may refuse to hear a claim based on a violation
of U.S. securities laws because Israel is not the most appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim. In addition, even if an Israeli
court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that Israeli law and not U.S. law is applicable to such claim. If U.S. law is found to
be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly process. Certain
matters of procedure will also be governed by Israeli law. 

Subject to specified time
limitations and legal procedures, under the rules of private international law currently prevailing in Israel, Israeli courts may enforce
a U.S. judgment in a civil matter, including a judgment based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws, as well
as a monetary or compensatory judgment in a non-civil matter, provided that the following key conditions are met: 

subject to limited exceptions, the judgment is final and non-appealable; 

the judgment was given by a court competent under the laws of the state in which the court is located and is otherwise enforceable in such state; 

the judgment was rendered by a court competent under the rules of private international law applicable in Israel; 

the laws of the state in which the judgment was given provides for the enforcement of judgments of Israeli courts; 

adequate service of process has been effected and the defendant has had a reasonable opportunity to present its arguments and evidence; 

the judgment and its enforcement are not contrary to the law, public policy, security or sovereignty of the State of Israel; 

24 

the judgment was not obtained by fraud and does not conflict with any other valid judgment in the same matter between the same parties; and 

an action between the same parties in the same matter was not pending in any Israeli court at the time the lawsuit was instituted in the U.S. court. 

If any of these conditions are not met,
Israeli courts will likely not enforce the applicable U.S. judgment. 

General Risk Factors 

Changes to tax laws could
have a negative effect on us or our stockholders. 

At any time, the U.S. federal
or state income tax laws, or the administrative interpretations of those laws, may be amended. Federal and state tax laws are constantly
under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and
state taxing authorities. Changes to the tax laws, regulations and administrative interpretations, which may have retroactive application,
could adversely affect us. Our stockholders are encouraged to consult with their tax advisors about the potential effects that changes
in law may have on them and their ownership of our securities. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks or deficiencies in our cyber-security. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to
damage from computer viruses, malware, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or
cyber-intrusions over the Internet, attachments to emails, persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our
organization. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer
hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks
and intrusions from around the world have increased. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could
result in a material disruption of our product development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing
or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our clinical trial efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce
the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach was to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate
disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur material legal claims and liability, and damage to our reputation,
and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. 

We
also maintain compliance programs to address the potential applicability of restrictions against trading while in possession of material,
nonpublic information generally and in connection with a cyber-security breach. However, a breakdown in existing controls and procedures
around our cyber-security environment may prevent us from detecting, reporting or responding to cyber incidents in a timely manner and
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and value of our stock. 

Our management will have
significant flexibility in using the net proceeds of any offering of securities. 

We intend generally to use
the net proceeds from any offerings of our securities for expenses related to our clinical trials, research and product development activities,
and for general corporate purposes, including general working capital purposes. Our management will have significant flexibility in applying
the net proceeds of any such offering and we will necessarily be using our capital when we decide on new strategic initiatives. The actual
amounts and timing of expenditures will vary significantly depending on a number of factors, including the amount of cash used in our
operations and our research and development efforts. Management s failure to use these funds effectively would have an adverse effect
on the value of our common stock and could make it more difficult and costly to raise funds in the future. 

Delaware law could discourage
a change in control, or an acquisition of us by a third party, even if the acquisition would be favorable to you, and thereby adversely
affect existing stockholders. 

The Delaware General Corporation
Law contains provisions that may have the effect of making more difficult or delaying attempts by others to obtain control of the Company,
even when these attempts may be in the best interests of stockholders. Delaware law imposes conditions on certain business combination
transactions with interested stockholders. These provisions and others that could be adopted in the future could deter unsolicited
takeovers or delay or prevent changes in our control or management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive
a premium for their shares of common stock over then current market prices. These provisions may also limit the ability of stockholders
to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. 

25 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We believe that our existing
facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current business requirements. In the event that we should require additional or alternative
facilities, we believe that such facilities can be obtained on short notice at competitive rates. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time we may become
subject to litigation incidental to our business. We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

26 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Common Stock 

Our common stock is traded
on the Nasdaq Capital Market and on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, in each case under the symbol ORMP. 

Holders 

As of March 6, 2023, there
were 39,783,813 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held of record by approximately 34 registered stockholders. We believe
that a significant number of stockholders hold their shares of our common stock in brokerage accounts and registered in the name of stock
depositories and are therefore not included in the number of stockholders of record. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds 

During the three months ended
December 31, 2022, we issued an aggregate amount of 3,000 unregistered shares of common stock to a service provider, as part of the compensation
for services provided, pursuant to the exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 1,500 unregistered shares of common stock
were issued to the service provider on each of October 15, 2022 and December 15, 2022. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements and the related notes included elsewhere herein and in our audited consolidated financial statements. 

In addition to our audited
consolidated financial statements, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and
beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause
or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Overview of Operations 

We are currently a pharmaceutical
company engaged in the research and development of innovative pharmaceutical solutions with a technology platform that allows for the
oral delivery of therapeutic proteins. 

Through our research and development
efforts, we have developed an oral dosage form intended to withstand the harsh environment of the stomach and effectively deliver active
biological insulin or other proteins. The excipients in the formulation are not intended to modify the proteins chemically or biologically,
and the dosage form is designed to be safe to ingest. We plan to continue to conduct clinical trials to show the effectiveness of our
technology. 

On January 11, 2023, we announced
that the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial did not meet its primary and secondary endpoints. As a result, we have initiated a comprehensive analysis
of the data to understand if there is a path forward for our oral insulin candidate. Concurrently, we are examining our existing pipeline
and have commenced an evaluation process of potential strategic opportunities, with the goal of enhancing value for our stockholders. 

Impact of COVID-19 

We do not expect any material
impact on our development timeline and our liquidity due to COVID-19. However, we experienced approximately six months of delays in clinical
trials due to slow-downs of recruitment for trials generally. On the other hand, Oravax continues to develop its oral vaccine, the demand
for which may be reduced if COVID-19 continues to abate. We continue to assess the effect on our operations by monitoring the status of
COVID-19. 

27 

Results of Operations 

The table and discussion that
follows includes a comparison of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
the year ended December 31, 2021 and the four month periods ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. For a comparison of our results of operations
and financial condition for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31,
2021, filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021. For information regarding the change in the Company s fiscal year from the period
beginning on September 1 and ending on August 31 to the period beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31, see note 1 to our audited
consolidated financial statements. 

Year ended December 31, 
 Four months ended December 31, 
 Four months ended December 31, 
 Year ended August 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 
 2020 
 2021 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 

(dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Revenues 
 2,703 
 2,703 
 904 
 904 
 2,703 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 27,639 
 23,203 
 9,037 
 6,889 
 20,989 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 1,851 
 898 
 898 
 - 
 - 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 13,811 
 7,591 
 3,295 
 1,576 
 5,937 
 
 Financial income (expense), net 
 2,934 
 1,068 
 71 
 237 
 1,234 
 
 Loss before taxes on income 
 37,664 
 27,921 
 12,255 
 7,324 
 22,989 
 
 Taxes on income 
 100 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss for the period 
 37,764 
 27,921 
 12,255 
 7,324 
 22,989 

Net loss attributable to Company s stockholders 
 36,561 
 26,583 
 11,668 
 7,324 
 22,238 
 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 1,203 
 1,338 
 587 
 - 
 751 
 
 Net loss for the period 
 37,764 
 27,921 
 12,255 
 7,324 
 22,989 
 
 Basic and diluted loss per share of common stock 
 0.94 
 0.81 
 0.31 
 0.30 
 0.78 
 
 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing basic and diluted loss per share of common stock 
 38,997,649 
 32,641,288 
 37,113,137 
 24,394,010 
 28,469,068 

Revenues 

Revenues consist of proceeds
related to the HTIT License Agreement that are recognized on a cumulative basis when it is probable that a significant reversal in the
amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur, through the expected product submission date by HTIT of June 2023, using the input
method. 

Revenues for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were both 2,703. 

Revenues for the four month
periods ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were both 904. 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues consists
of royalties related to the HTIT License Agreement that will be paid over the term of the HTIT License Agreement in accordance with revenue
recognition accounting and the Law for the Encouragement of Industrial Research, Development and Technological Innovation, 1984, as amended,
including any regulations or tracks promulgated thereunder, or the R D Law. 

There was no cost of revenues
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the four month periods ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Research and Development
Expenses 

Research and development expenses
include costs directly attributable to the conduct of research and development programs, including the cost of salaries, employee benefits,
costs of materials, supplies, the cost of services provided by outside contractors, including services related to our clinical trials,
clinical trial expenses, the full cost of manufacturing drugs for use in research and preclinical development. All costs associated with
research and development are expensed as incurred. 

Clinical trial costs are a
significant component of research and development expenses and include costs associated with third-party contractors. We outsource a substantial
portion of our clinical trial activities, utilizing external entities such as CROs, independent clinical investigators and other third-party
service providers to assist us with the execution of our clinical trials. 

28 

Clinical activities which
relate principally to clinical sites and other administrative functions to manage our clinical trials are performed primarily by CROs.
CROs typically perform most of the start-up activities for our trials, including document preparation, site identification, screening
and preparation, pre-study visits, training and program management. 

Clinical trial and pre-clinical
trial expenses include regulatory and scientific consultants compensation and fees, research expenses, purchase of materials, cost
of manufacturing of the oral insulin and exenatide capsules, payments for patient recruitment and treatment, as well as salaries and related
expenses of research and development staff. 

Research and development expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 19 to 27,639,000, compared to 23,203,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase was mainly due to an increase in expenses related to our Phase 3 clinical trials and to stock-based compensation expenses. Stock-based
compensation expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 3,176,000, compared to 1,598,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase was mainly due to new grants in 2022. 

Research and development expenses
for the four month period ended December 31, 2021 increased by 31 to 9,037,000, compared to 6,889,000 for the four month period ended
December 31, 2020. The increase was mainly due to an increase in expenses related to our Phase 3 and NASH clinical trials in addition
to expenses related to in process research and development costs related to Oravax. Stock-based compensation expenses for the four month
period ended December 31, 2021, were 649,000, compared to 171,000 for the four month period ended December 31, 2020. The increase was
mainly due to equity awards granted to a consultant and to new grants awarded in 2021. 

Following the results of the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial, which
did not meet its primary and secondary endpoints, we terminated both ORA-D-013-1 and ORA-D-013-2 Phase 3 clinical trials. In parallel,
we have initiated a comprehensive analysis of the data to understand if there is a path forward for our oral insulin candidate. We are
examining our existing pipeline and have commenced an evaluation process of potential strategic opportunities, with the goal of enhancing
value for our stockholders. 

Government Grants 

The Government of Israel encourages
research and development projects through the IIA, pursuant to the R D Law. Under the R D Law, a research and development plan
that meets specified criteria is generally eligible for a grant of up to 50 of certain approved research and development expenditures.
Each plan must be approved by the IIA. 

From August 2009 to March
2014, our subsidiary Oramed Ltd. was awarded five government grants amounting to a total net amount of NIS 8 million (approximately 2,194,000
during such period) from the IIA. We used these funds to support further research and development and clinical trials of our oral insulin
capsule and oral GLP-1 analog candidate during the period from February 2009 to December 2014. The five grants are subject to repayment
according to the terms determined by the IIA and applicable law. 

In the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the four month periods ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and the year ended August 31, 2021, we did not recognize any
research and development grants. As of December 31, 2022, we had incurred liabilities to pay royalties to the Israel Innovation Authority
of the Israeli Ministry of Economy and Industry of 133,000. 

Under the terms of the grants
we received from the IIA, we are obligated to pay royalties of 3 on all revenues derived from the sale of the products developed pursuant
to the funded plans, including revenues from licensed ancillary services. Royalties are generally payable up to a maximum amount equaling
100 of the grants received (dollar linked) with the addition of interest at an annual rate based on the LIBOR rate. 

The R D Law generally
requires that a product developed under a program be manufactured in Israel. However, when applying for a grant, the applicant may declare
that part of the manufacturing will be performed outside of Israel or by non-Israeli residents and if the IIA is convinced that performing
some of the manufacturing abroad is essential for the execution of the program, it may still approve the grant. This declaration will
be a significant factor in the determination of the IIA as to whether to approve a program and the amount and other terms of the benefits
to be granted. If a company wants to increase the volume of manufacturing outside of Israel after the grant has been approved, it may
transfer up to 10 of the company s approved Israeli manufacturing volume, measured on an aggregate basis, outside of Israel after
first notifying the IIA thereof (provided that the IIA does not object to such transfer within 30 days). In addition, upon the approval
of the IIA, a portion greater than 10 of the manufacturing volume may be performed outside of Israel. In any case of transfer of manufacturing
out of Israel, the grant recipient is required to pay royalties at an increased rate, which may be substantial, and the aggregate repayment
amount is increased up to 120 , 150 or 300 of the grant, depending on the portion of the total manufacturing volume that is performed
outside of Israel. The approval we received from the IIA for the License Agreement was subject to payment of increased royalties and an
increased ceiling, all in accordance with the provisions of the R D Law. The R D Law further permits the IIA, among other things,
to approve the transfer of manufacturing rights outside of Israel in exchange for the import of different manufacturing into Israel as
a substitute, in lieu of the increased royalties. 

The R D Law also provides
that know-how developed under an approved research and development program may not be transferred or licensed to third parties in Israel
without the approval of the research committee. Such approval is not required for the sale or export of any products resulting from such
research or development. The R D Law further provides that the know-how developed under an approved research and development program
may not be transferred or licensed to any third parties outside Israel absent IIA approval which may be granted in certain circumstances
as follows: (a) the grant recipient pays to the IIA a portion of the sale or license price paid in consideration for the purchase or license
of such IIA-funded know-how or the price paid in consideration for the sale of the grant recipient itself, as the case may be, in accordance
with certain formulas included in the R D Law; (b) the grant recipient receives know-how from a third party in exchange for its IIA-funded
know-how; or (c) such transfer of IIA-funded know-how is made in the context of IIA approved research and development cooperation projects
or consortia. 

29 

The R D Law imposes reporting
requirements with respect to certain changes in the ownership of a grant recipient. The R D Law requires the grant recipient to notify
the IIA of any change in control of the recipient or a change in the holdings of the means of control of the recipient that results in
a non-Israeli entity becoming an interested party in the recipient, and requires the new non-Israeli interested party to undertake to
the IIA to comply with the R D Law. In addition, the rules of the IIA may require the provision of additional information or representations
in respect of certain such events. For this purpose, control is defined as the ability to direct the activities of a company
other than any ability arising solely from serving as an officer or director of the company. A person is presumed to have control if such
person holds 50 or more of the means of control of a company. Means of control refers to voting rights or the right to
appoint directors or the chief executive officer. An interested party of a company includes a holder of 5 or more of its
outstanding share capital or voting rights, its chief executive officer and directors, someone who has the right to appoint its chief
executive officer or at least one director, and a company with respect to which any of the foregoing interested parties holds 25 or more
of the outstanding share capital or voting rights or has the right to appoint 25 or more of the directors. 

Failure to meet the R D
Law s requirements may subject us to mandatory repayment of grants received by us (together with interest and penalties), as well
as expose us to criminal proceedings. In addition, the Israeli government may from time to time audit sales of products which it claims
incorporate technology funded through IIA programs which may lead to additional royalties being payable on additional products. 

Sales and Marketing
Expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses
include the salaries and related expenses of our commercial functions, consulting costs and other general costs. 

Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased
by 106 to 1,851,000, compared to 898,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly due to stock-based compensation
expenses, salary related expenses and consulting expenses, mainly resulting from hiring our Chief Commercial Officer. Stock-based compensation
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,172,000, compared to 579,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
was mainly due to equity awards granted to an employee during 2022. 

Sales and marketing expenses
for the four month period ended December 31, 2021 were 898,000, compared to no expenses for the four month period ended December 31,
2020. The increase was mainly due to stock-based compensation expenses, salary related expenses and consulting expenses. Stock-based compensation
costs for the four month period ended December 31, 2021 were 579,000, compared to no stock-based compensation expenses during the four
month period ended December 31, 2020. The increase was mainly due to equity awards granted to an employee during 2021. 

General and Administrative
Expenses 

General and administrative
expenses include the salaries and related expenses of our management, consulting costs, legal and professional fees, travel expenses,
business development costs, insurance expenses and other general costs. 

General and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 82 to 13,811,000, compared to 7,591,000 for the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase was mainly due to higher stock-based compensation costs, an increase in legal expenses and higher salary expenses due
to the recruitment of new employees in the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by lower bonuses in the year ended December
31, 2022. Stock-based compensation expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 7,160,000, compared to 2,368,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly due to equity awards granted to employees during 2022. 

General and administrative
expenses for the four month period ended December 31, 2021 increased by 109 to 3,295,000, compared to 1,576,000 for the four month
period ended December 31, 2020. The increase was mainly due to an increase in stock-based compensation expenses and professional fees
as well as public relations and investor relations expenses. Stock-based compensation costs for the four month period ended December 31,
2021 were 1,034,000, compared to 242,000 during the four month period ended December 31, 2020. The increase was mainly due to equity
awards granted to employees during the four month period ended December 31, 2021 and to new award grants during 2021. 

30 

Financial Income (Expense),
Net 

Net financial income was 2,934,000
for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net financial income of 1,068,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
is mainly due to interest from short and long-term bank deposits, partially offset by loss from revaluation of the shares we hold in Entera
and DNA. 

Net financial income was 71,000
for the four month period ended December 31, 2021, compared to 237,000 for the four month period ended December 31, 2020. The decrease
is mainly due to a decrease in fair value of the ordinary shares of Entera. 

Basic and Diluted Loss
Per Share of Common Stock 

Basic and diluted loss per
share of common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 16 to 0.94, compared to 0.81 for the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase in loss was mainly due to the higher net loss in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Basic and diluted loss per
share of common stock for the four month period ended December 31, 2021 increased by 3 to 0.31, compared to 0.30 for the four month
period ended December 31, 2020. The increase in loss per share was due to a higher net loss and a higher number of weighted average shares
of common stock in the four month period ended December 31, 2021 compared to the four month period ended December 31, 2020. 

Weighted Average Shares
of Common Stock Outstanding 

Weighted average shares of
common stock outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 38,997,649, compared to 32,641,288 for the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase was mainly due to shares issued in connection with our controlled equity offering and registered direct offering. 

Weighted average shares of
common stock outstanding for the four month period ended December 31, 2021 were 37,113,137, compared to 24,394,010 for the four month
period ended December 31, 2020. The increase was mainly due to shares issued in connection with our controlled equity offering and registered
direct offering. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

From our inception through
December 31, 2022, we have incurred losses in an aggregate amount of 163,081,000. During that period and through December 31, 2022, we
have financed our operations through several private placements of our common stock, as well as public offerings of our common stock,
raising a total of 252,946,000, net of transaction costs. During that period, we also received cash consideration of 28,001,000 from
the exercise of warrants and options. We expect to seek additional financing through similar sources in the future, as needed. As of December
31, 2022, we had 40,464,000 of available cash, 111,513,000 of short-term bank deposits, 3,743,000 of marketable securities and 2,700,000
of long-term investments. 

From inception through December
31, 2022, we have not generated significant revenues from our operations. Management continues to evaluate various financing alternatives
for funding new strategic activities, future research and development activities and general and administrative expenses through fundraising
in the public or private equity markets. Although there is no assurance that we will be successful with those initiatives, management
believes that it will be able to secure the necessary financing as a result of future third party investments. Based on our current cash
resources and commitments, we believe we will be able to maintain our current planned activities and the corresponding level of expenditures
for at least the next 12 months, although no assurance can be given that we will not need additional funds prior to such time. 

If there are increases in
our operating expenses, we may need to seek additional financing during the next 12 months. Successful completion of our development programs
and our transition to normal operations is dependent upon obtaining necessary regulatory approvals from the FDA prior to selling our products
within the United States, obtaining foreign regulatory approvals to sell our products internationally, or entering into licensing agreements
with third parties. There can be no assurance that we will receive regulatory approval of any of our product candidates, and a substantial
amount of time may pass before we achieve a level of revenues adequate to support our operations, if at all. We also expect to incur substantial
expenditures in connection with the regulatory approval process for each of our product candidates during their respective developmental
periods. Obtaining marketing approval will be directly dependent on our ability to implement the necessary regulatory steps required to
obtain marketing approval in the United States and in other countries. We may also need additional funds to realize the decisions made
as part of our strategic review process. We cannot predict the outcome of these activities. 

31 

As of December 31, 2022, our
total current assets were 157,109,000 and our total current liabilities were 5,746,000. On December 31, 2022, we had a working capital
surplus of 151,363,000 and an accumulated loss of 163,081,000. As of December 31, 2021, our total current assets were 147,937,000 and
our total current liabilities were 7,368,000. On December 31, 2021, we had a working capital surplus of 140,569,000 and an accumulated
loss of 126,520,000. The increase in working capital surplus from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was mainly due to an increase
in cash and cash equivalents. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents decreased to 40,464,000 from 77,245,000 as of August 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly due to the
reasons described below. 

Operating activities used
cash of 27,918,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 21,181,000 used in the year ended August 31, 2021. Cash used in
operating activities consisted mainly of net loss resulting from research and development, general and administrative and sales and marketing
expenses. 

Investing activities provided cash of 30,211,000 in the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to cash used by investing activities of 23,764,000 in the year ended August 31, 2021. Cash provided in investing
activities is mainly due to proceeds from short-term investments, partially offset by the acquisition of short-term investments. 

Financing activities provided
cash of 10,779,000 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 102,892,000 in the year ended August 31, 2021. Cash provided by
financing activities consisted mainly of proceeds from our issuance of common stock and proceeds from exercise of warrants and options.
Our primary financing activities since the beginning of the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

During the year ended December 31, 2022,
 4,200 warrants were exercised and 71,607 options were exercised, resulting in the issuance of 38,651 shares of common stock. Out
 of these exercised options, 10,750 options were exercised for cash and 60,857 via a cashless method. The cash consideration received
 for the exercise of options and warrants was 62,490. During the four month period ended December 31, 2021, 73,800 warrants were
 exercised and 18,166 options were exercised for cash, resulting in the issuance of 91,966 shares of common stock. The cash consideration
 received for the exercise of options and warrants was 638,267. 

On September 1, 2021, we entered into a
 controlled equity offering agreement, or the Cantor Equity Distribution Agreement, with Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as agent, pursuant
 to which we may issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 100,000,000, through a sales
 agent, subject to certain terms and conditions. Any shares sold will be sold pursuant to our effective shelf registration statement
 on Form S-3, including a prospectus dated July 26, 2021 and prospectus supplement dated September 1, 2021. We paid the sales agent
 a cash commission of 3.0 of the gross proceeds of the sale of any shares sold through the sales agent under the Cantor Equity Sales
 Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and through March 6, 2023, 1,778,147 and 1,971,447 shares, respectively, were issued under the
 Cantor Equity Distribution Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of 23,823,000 and 26,253,000, respectively. 

During the four month period
ended December 31, 2021, cash and cash equivalents decreased to 27,456,000 from the 77,245,000 reported as of August 31, 2021, which
is due to the reasons described below. 

32 

Operating activities used
cash of 11,122,000 in the four month period ended December 31, 2021, compared to 8,263,000 used in the four month period ended December
31, 2020. Cash used in operating activities primarily consisted of research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative
expenses, as well as changes in deferred revenue due to the HTIT License Agreement, partially offset by changes in accounts payable and
accrued expenses and stock-based compensation. 

Investing activities used
cash of 99,248,000 in the four month period ended December 31, 2021, compared to cash used in investing activities of 2,405,000 in the
four month period ended December 31, 2020. Cash used in investing activities in the four month period ended December 31, 2021 consisted
primarily of the purchase of short-term deposits. Cash used in investing activities in the four month period ended December 31, 2020 consisted
primarily of the purchase of short-term deposits, offset by the proceeds from bonds held to maturity. 

Financing activities provided
cash of 60,572,000 in the four month period ended December 31, 2021, compared to 13,001,000 provided in the four month period ended
December 31, 2020. Cash provided by financing activities consisted primarily of proceeds from the issuance of our common stock. 

On November 3, 2021, we entered
into a securities purchase agreement with several institutional and accredited investors, or the Purchasers, pursuant to which we agreed
to sell, in a registered direct offering, or the Offering, an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of our common stock to the Purchasers for
an offering price of 25.00 per share. The closing of the sale of the shares occurred on November 5, 2021. The net proceeds to us from
the Offering, after deducting the placement agent s fees and expenses and the Company s Offering expenses, were approximately
 46,375,000. 

Trend Information 

Following the results of the
Phase 3 trials for our oral insulin capsule candidate, ORMD-0801, we have initiated a comprehensive analysis of the data to understand
if there is a path forward for our oral insulin candidate. Concurrently, we are examining our existing pipeline and have commenced an
evaluation process of potential strategic opportunities, with the goal of enhancing value for our stockholders. At this time, we cannot
foresee how these strategic decisions will impact our financial results and operations in 2023. 

Planned Expenditures 

We invest heavily in research
and development, and we expect that in the upcoming years our research and development expenses will continue to be our major operating
expense. As of December 31, 2022, we had expected obligations with respect to an aggregate of approximately 21 million of clinical research
obligations over the next three years. 

Following the results of the
Phase 3 trials for our oral insulin capsule candidate, ORMD-0801 and the current strategic review initiated by the Company, our obligations
may change significantly. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our significant accounting
policies are more fully described in the notes to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. We believe that the accounting policies
below are critical for one to fully understand and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations. 

The discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which we prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. On an
ongoing basis, we evaluate such estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that
we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

33 

Valuation of RSUs, options
and warrants : We grant options to purchase shares of our common stock to employees and consultants and have and may in the future
issue warrants in connection with some of our financings and to certain other consultants. 

We account for share-based
payments to employees, directors and consultants in accordance with the guidance that requires awards classified as equity awards to be
accounted for using the grant-date fair value method. The fair value of share-based payment transactions is based on the Black Scholes
option-pricing model or Monte Carlo model when appropriate and is recognized as an expense over the vesting period. 

We elected to recognize compensation
cost for awards to employees, directors and consultants that have a graded vesting schedule using the accelerated method based on the
multiple-option award approach. 

Revenue recognition :
Revenue is recognized when delivery has occurred, evidence of an arrangement exists, title and risks and rewards for the products are
transferred to the customer and collection is reasonably assured. 

Under Accounting Standards
Codification, or ASC, 605 (which was the authoritative revenue recognition guidance applied for all periods prior to September 1, 2018)
given our continuing involvement through the expected product submission by HTIT in June 2023, amounts received relating to the HTIT License
Agreement were recognized over the period from which we were entitled to the respective payment, and the expected product submission date
using a time-based model approach over the periods that the fees were earned. 

However, under ASC 606, we
are required to recognize the total transaction price (which includes consideration related to milestones once the criteria for recognition
have been satisfied) using the input method over the period the performance obligation is fulfilled. Accordingly, once the consideration
associated with a milestone is included in the transaction price, incremental revenue is recognized immediately based on the period of
time that has elapsed towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. 

Since the customer benefits
from the services as the entity performs, revenue is recognized over time through the expected product submission date by HTIT in June
2023, using the input method. The Company used the input method to measure the process for the purpose of recognizing revenue, which approximates
the straight line attribution. The Company used significant judgment when it determined the product submission date. 

Under ASC 606, the consideration
that the Company would be entitled to upon the achievement of contractual milestones, which are contingent upon the occurrence of future
events, are a form of variable consideration. When assessing the portion, if any, of such milestones-related consideration to be included
in the transaction price, the Company first assesses the most likely outcome for each milestone and excludes the consideration related
to milestones of which the occurrence is not considered the most likely outcome. 

The Company then evaluates
if any of the variable consideration determined in the first step is constrained by including in the transaction price variable consideration
to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty
associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The Company used significant judgment when it determined the first
step of variable consideration. 

On November 13, 2022,
we entered into a distribution license agreement with Medicox, or the Medicox License Agreement. The Medicox License Agreement grants
Medicox an exclusive license to apply for regulatory approval and distribute ORMD-0801 in the Republic of Korea. 

34 

Under ASC 606, we identified
Medicox as a customer and the Medicox License Agreement as a contract with a customer. 

We identified a performance
obligation in the Medicox License Agreement to stand-ready and provide Medicox with support in its commercialization efforts in the Republic
of Korea. This performance obligation includes a non-distinct distribution license for ORMD-0801, which we view a predominant item in
the combined performance obligation. We concluded that the license is not distinct, as no party other than us is capable of providing
related services to Medicox, and both the license and related services are necessary for the customer to obtain a regulatory approval
in the Republic of Korea. In addition, the agreement covers the terms of future manufacturing services, that are contingent on the completion
and success of the commercialization efforts. 

The Medicox License Agreement contains a fixed consideration of 2
million, which was received by Oramed as of December 31, 2022 and is presented under long-term deferred revenues. It also contains variable
consideration of contractual milestone payments and sales-based royalties. 

Our obligation to stand-ready
and support Medicox will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the period we expect to provide support to Medicox. As of December
31, 2022, this support has not commenced, and no revenue was recognized from the Medicox License Agreement. 

If Medicox proceeds with the
regulatory approval process in the Republic of Korea, we expect most of the revenue to be recognized in 2024, going forward. We note that
our Phase 3 trial did not meet its primary and secondary endpoints. If Medicox chooses to terminate the agreement as a result of the outcome
of the Phase 3 trials, we will accelerate revenue recognition and recognize it in 2023. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are exposed to a variety
of risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, changes in the value of our marketable securities and
inflation. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 40.5 million in cash and cash equivalents, 111.5 million in short term and long term bank deposits and 3.7 million in marketable
securities. 

We aim to preserve our financial
assets, maintain adequate liquidity and maximize return while minimizing exposure to market risks. Such policy further provides that we
should hold most of our current assets in bank deposits. As of today, the currency of our financial assets is mainly in U.S. dollars. 

35 

Marketable securities 

We own 1,701,357 common shares
of DNA and 117,000 ordinary shares of Entera, which are presented in our financial statements as marketable securities. Marketable securities
are presented at fair value and their realization is subject to certain limitations if sold through the market, and we are therefore exposed
to market risk. There is no assurance that at the time of sale of the marketable securities the price per share will be the same or higher,
nor that we will be able to sell all of the securities at once given the volume of securities we hold. Entera shares are traded on Nasdaq
in U.S. dollars, while DNA shares are traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange in NIS. We are also exposed to changes in the market price
of the Entera and DNA shares, as well as to exchange rates fluctuations in the NIS currency compared to the U.S. dollar with respect to
the DNA shares. 

Interest Rate Risk 

We invest a major portion
of our cash surplus in bank deposits in banks in Israel. Since the bank deposits typically carry fixed interest rates, financial income
over the holding period is not sensitive to changes in interest rates, but only the fair value of these instruments. However, our interest
gains from future deposits may decline in the future as a result of changes in the financial markets. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 

A significant portion of our
expenditures, including salaries, clinical research expenses, consultants fees and office expenses relate to our operations in
Israel. The cost of those Israeli operations, as expressed in U.S. dollars, is influenced by the extent to which any increase in the rate
of inflation in Israel is not offset (or is offset on a lagging basis) by a devaluation of the NIS in relation to the U.S. dollar. If
the U.S. dollar declines in value in relation to the NIS, it will become more expensive for us to fund our operations in Israel. In addition,
as of December 31, 2022, we own net balances in NIS of approximately 1,854,000. Assuming a 10 appreciation of the NIS against the U.S.
dollar, we would experience an exchange rate gain of approximately 206,000, while assuming a 10 devaluation of the NIS against the U.S.
dollar, we would experience an exchange rate loss of approximately 169,000. 

The exchange rate of the U.S.
dollar to the NIS, based on exchange rates published by the Bank of Israel, was as follows: 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 Four months 
 ended 
 December 31, 
 Four months ended 
 December 31, 
 Year Ended 
 August 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 
 2020 
 2021 
 
 Average rate for period 
 3.358 
 3.229 
 3.165 
 3.533 
 3.292 
 
 Rate at period-end 
 3.519 
 3.11 
 3.11 
 3.215 
 3.207 

We do not use any currency
hedging transactions of options or forwards to decrease the risk of financial exposure from fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S.
dollar against the NIS. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

See Item 15 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective. 

36 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management, under the
supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial
reporting includes policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and asset dispositions; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the current framework for Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) set forth by The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

Based on this evaluation,
our management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 at a
reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are
reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN
JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

37 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The name and age of each of
our directors and executive officers, his or her position with us and the period during which such person has served as a director or
executive officer of the Company are set forth below. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Serving Since 

Nadav Kidron 
 
 48 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman (effective as of June 30, 2022) 
 
 2006 

Dr. Miriam Kidron 
 
 82 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer and Director 
 
 2006 

David Silberman 
 
 39 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 2021 

Joshua Hexter 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Operating Business Officer 
 
 2019 

Michael Rabinowitz 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Commercial Officer 
 
 2021 

Netanel Derovan 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
 
 2022 

Dr. Arie Mayer 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 2019 

Yadin Rozov 
 
 45 
 
 Director 
 
 2022 

Leonard Sank 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 2007 

Dr. Miriam Kidron is Mr. Nadav
Kidron s mother. There are no other directors or officers of the Company who are related by blood or marriage. 

Business Experience 

The following is a brief account
of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each of our directors and of our executive officers who
are not also directors, indicating the principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization
in which such occupation and employment were carried out. 

Mr. Nadav Kidron was
appointed President, Chief Executive Officer and director in March 2006, and Chairman of the Board 
effective as of June 30, 2022. He is also a director of Israel Advanced Technology Industries organization, and until 2016 was a director
of Entera Bio Ltd. In 2009, he was a fellow at the Merage Foundation for U.S.-Israel Trade Programs for executives in the life sciences
field. From 2003 to 2006, he was the managing director of the Institute of Advanced Jewish Studies at Bar Ilan University. From 2001 to
2003, he was a legal intern at Wine, Mishaiker Ernstoff Law Offices in Jerusalem, Israel. Mr. Kidron holds an LL.B. and an International
MBA from Bar Ilan University, Israel. 

We believe that Mr. Kidron s
qualifications to serve on our Board include his familiarity with the Company as its founder, his experience in capital markets, as well
as his knowledge and familiarity with corporate management. 

Dr. Miriam Kidron was
appointed Chief Scientific Officer and director in March 2006. Dr. Kidron is a pharmacologist and a biochemist
with a Ph.D. in biochemistry. From 1990 to 2007, Dr. Kidron was a senior researcher in the Diabetes Unit at Hadassah University Hospital
in Jerusalem, Israel. Dr. Kidron was formerly a visiting professor at the Medical School at the University of Toronto (Canada), and is
a member of the American, European and Israeli Diabetes Associations. Dr. Kidron is a recipient of the Bern Schlanger Award. 

We believe that Dr. Kidron s
qualifications to serve on our Board include her expertise in the Company s technology, as it is based on her research, as well
as her experience and relevant education in the fields of pharmacology and diabetes. 

Mr. David Silberman was
appointed Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in July 2021. Prior to his appointment, from April 2018 to May 2021,
Mr. Silberman served as a Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis associate director and director at Teva Pharmaceutical Industries
Ltd., a global pharmaceutical company, committed to helping patients around the world to access affordable medicines and benefit from
innovations to improve their health. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Silberman served as Global Internal Audit senior manager at Teva
Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. From 2009 to 2014, Mr. Silberman provided internal audit and risk management services in the advisory department
of Grant Thornton Fahn Kanne Control Management. From January 2009 until June 2009, Mr. Silberman worked in the audit department of KPMG,
a certified public accounting firm. Mr. Silberman holds DCG and DSCG degrees from the French Ministry of Higher Study and Research and
is a certified public accountant in Israel. 

38 

Mr. Joshua Hexter was
appointed Chief Operating Business Officer in September 2019. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Hexter served as
Chief Business Officer at BrainsWay Ltd. (Nasdaq/TASE: BWAY) from 2018 to 2019, a commercial stage medical device company focused on the
development and sale of non-invasive neuromodulation products. From 2013 to 2018, Mr. Hexter served as Chief Operating Officer and VP
Business Development of the Company and from 2007 to 2013, Mr. Hexter was a Director or Executive Director of BioLineRx Ltd. (Nasdaq/TASE:
BLRX), a biopharmaceutical development company dedicated to identifying, in-licensing and developing innovative therapeutic candidates.
Prior to his employment with BioLineRx, Mr. Hexter was a member of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer of Biosensor Systems
Design, Inc., a company developing market-driven biosensors. Mr. Hexter holds a bachelor s degree from the University of Wisconsin
and a master s degree in management from Boston University. 

Mr. Michael Rabinowitz 
was appointed Chief Commercial Officer in August 2021. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Rabinowitz served for over 25 years,
from 1993 to 2021, in various marketing, sales, business development, and financial leadership roles at the global biopharmaceutical company
Merck Co., where he launched and marketed products in over 30 countries across several disease areas, including launching billion-dollar
oral agents in diabetes and managing a global business. Mr. Rabinowitz holds a bachelors degree summa cum laude from Northwestern
University and a masters degree from The Carlson School of Management at the University of Minnesota. He has also participated
in executive health care programs at the Harvard Business School and the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 

Mr. Netanel Derovan 
was appointed Chief Legal Officer and Secretary in January 2022. Prior to his appointment, from 2012 to 2021, Mr. Derovan
served as executive counsel, corporate and securities, in the legal department of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. From 2004 to 2012,
he served as senior counsel in the International Corporate and Securities Department of Goldfarb Seligman Co. From 2002 to 2004,
he served as an associate attorney in the International Corporate Department at Caspi Co. From 2001 to 2002, he served as a legal
intern at Gornitzky Co. Mr. Derovan holds an LLB degree from Bar Ilan University and is a member of the Israel Bar Association. 

Dr. Arie Mayer 
became a director in December 2019. Dr. Mayer is currently the Managing Director and Chairman of the Board of Sigma-Aldrich
Israel Ltd. and has held that position since January 2010. Dr. Mayer has held various roles with Sigma-Aldrich Israel Ltd. since 1995
and was instrumental in introducing and developing the Cell Culture and Molecular Biology business for Sigma Aldrich Israel Ltd. Dr. Mayer
holds a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry from Hebrew University and a Ph.D. in biochemistry from Israel Institute of Technology. 

We believe that Dr. Mayer s
qualifications to serve on our Board include his experience as an executive in the biotechnology industry, as well as his experience and
relevant education in the fields of chemistry and biochemistry. 

Mr. Yadin Rozov 
became a director in April 2022. Mr. Rozov is the founder and managing partner of Terrace Edge Ventures LLC, a financial
advisory firm, since January 2022. From 2019 to 2021, Mr. Rozov was a Partner of GoldenTree Asset Management LLC, a leading global credit
asset management firm. From 2019 to 2021, Mr. Rozov also served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Syncora Guarantee Inc.
and from 2020 to 2021, as Chief Executive Officer of Financial Guaranty UK Ltd, each of which is a stand-alone specialty insurance company
owned by GoldenTree. From 2009 to 2019, he was a Partner and Managing Director at Moelis Company where he headed the Financial Institution
Advisory group and was on the Management Committee of Moelis Asset Management. From 2014 to 2019, Mr. Rozov helped co-found College Avenue
Student Loans LLC and served on its board and co-founded Chamonix Partners Capital Management LLC. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Rozov was a
Managing Director at UBS AG, where he was the Head of the Americas for the Repositioning Group. Mr. Rozov serves on the board of directors
of Midwest Holding Inc. since June 2022, and on the board of directors of Neo Performance Materials Inc. since August 2022. Mr. Rozov
holds an M.Sc. in data science from Columbia University and a bachelor s degree with highest honors in physics and materials engineering
from Rutgers University. 

We believe Mr. Rozov s
qualifications to serve on the Board include his many years of experience in capital markets, corporate finance, investment banking and
investment management, with substantial experience in corporate strategy and governance. 

Mr. Leonard Sank 
became a director in October 2007. Mr. Sank is a South African entrepreneur and businessman, whose interests lie in entrepreneurial
endeavors and initiatives, with over 25 years experience of playing significant leadership roles in developing businesses. Mr.
Sank serves on the boards of a few national businesses and local non-profit charity organizations in Cape Town, where he resides. 

We believe that Mr. Sank s
qualifications to serve on our Board include his years of experience in development stage businesses, as well as his experience serving
as a director of many entities. 

Board of Directors 

There are no agreements with
respect to the election of directors. Each director is currently elected for a period of one year at our annual meeting of stockholders
and serves until the next such meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected or until his or her earlier resignation or removal.
The Board may also appoint additional directors. A director so chosen or appointed will hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders
and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 

39 

The Board has determined that
Dr. Arie Mayer, Yadin Rozov and Leonard Sank are independent as defined under the rules promulgated by the Nasdaq. Except for Dr. Arie
Mayer, who serves on the Board of Directors of Oravax, a company 63 owned by us, none of the independent directors has any relationship
with us besides serving on our Board. 

We have determined that each
of the directors is qualified to serve as a director of the Company based on a review of the experience, qualifications, attributes and
skills of each director. In reaching this determination, we have considered a variety of criteria, including, among other things: character
and integrity; ability to review critically, evaluate, question and discuss information provided, to exercise effective business judgment
and to interact effectively with the other directors; and willingness and ability to commit the time necessary to perform the duties of
a director. 

Board Meeting Attendance 

During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, our Board held six meetings and took action by written consent on nine occasions. During the Transition Period, our
Board held five meetings and took action by written consent on one occasion. All of our directors attended at least 75 of the aggregate
number of meetings of the Board and the committees that were held during the period such director served on the Board. Board members are
encouraged to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. 

Board Evaluation Process 

Our Board is committed to
continuous improvement and conducts a board and committee evaluation process each year, to ensure that our Board maintains optimal composition
and functions effectively. 

As part of this process, the
members of our Board complete a confidential written assessment of the performance, oversight and composition of the Board and its committees
that is submitted to the Company secretary. The results are then reported back to the full Board. After the evaluations, the Board and
management work to improve upon any issues presented during the evaluation process and to identify opportunities that may lead to further
improvement. 

Committees 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial
Expert 

The members of our Audit Committee
are Dr. Arie Mayer, Yadin Rozov and Leonard Sank. Our Board has determined that Yadin Rozov is an audit committee financial expert 
as set forth in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K and that all members of the Audit Committee are independent as defined
by the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq rules and regulations. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter that is posted on the
 Investors section of our website, www.oramed.com. The primary responsibilities of our Audit Committee include: 

Overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company and the audits of the financial statements of the Company; 

Appointing, compensating and retaining our registered independent public accounting firm; 

Overseeing the work performed by any outside accounting firm; 

Assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities by reviewing: (i) the financial reports provided by us to the SEC, our stockholders or to the general public and (ii) our internal financial and accounting controls; 

Reviewing the Company s policies with respect to cyber security risks and relevant contingent liabilities and risks that may be material to the Company; 

Recommending, establishing and monitoring procedures designed to improve the quality and reliability of the disclosure of our financial condition and results of operations; and 

Reviewing major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, and discussing the guidelines and polices to govern the process by which risk assessment and management is undertaken. 

40 

Our Audit Committee met six
times and took action by written consent on four occasions during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Our Audit Committee met three
times and took action by written consent on two occasions during the Transition Period. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our Compensation
Committee are Dr. Arie Mayer, Leonard Sank and Yadin Rozov. The Board has determined that all of the members of the Compensation Committee
are independent as defined by the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq rules and regulations. The Compensation Committee operates
under a written charter that is posted on the Investors section of our website, www.oramed.com. The primary responsibilities
of our Compensation Committee include: 

Reviewing, negotiating and approving, or recommending for approval by our Board the salaries and incentive compensation of our executive officers; 

Administering our equity based plans and making recommendations to our Board with respect to our incentive-compensation plans and equity-based plans; and 

Making recommendations to our Board with respect to director compensation. 

The Compensation Committee
meets as often as it deems necessary, without the presence of any executive officer when approving compensation, except that the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, at the discretion of the Compensation Committee, may be present during the approval of, or deliberations with
respect to, the compensation of other executive officers. The Compensation Committee may delegate any authority granted to it to one or
more subcommittees of the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion. 

Our Compensation Committee
met twice and took action by written consent on four occasions during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Our Compensation Committee
met once and took action by written consent on two occasions during the Transition Period. 

Nominating Committee 

The members of our Nominating
Committee are Dr. Arie Mayer, Leonard Sank and Yadin Rozov. The Board has determined that all of the members of the Nominating Committee
are independent as defined by the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq rules and regulations. The Nominating Committee operates under
a written charter that is posted on the Investors section of our website, www.oramed.com. The primary responsibilities of
our Nominating Committee include: 

Overseeing the composition and size of the Board, developing qualification criteria for Board members based on background, skills, experience and diversity, and actively seeking, interviewing and screening individuals qualified to become Board members for recommendation to the Board; 

Recommending the composition of the Board for each annual meeting of stockholders; and 

Reviewing periodically with the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer the succession plans relating to positions held by directors, and making recommendations to the Board with respect to the selection and development of individuals to occupy those positions. 

Our Nominating Committee took
action by written consent on two occasions during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Our Nominating Committee did not meet or take
action by written consent during the Transition Period. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Based solely upon a review
of Forms 3, 4 and 5, and amendments thereto, furnished to us during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the Transition Period,
we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the Transition Period, our executive officers, directors and all persons
who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements, except
that Dr. Arie Mayer, one of our directors, failed to timely file a Form 4 reporting his November 1, 2021 sale of 3,000 shares of our common
stock. Mr. Mayer filed a Form 4 reporting this transaction on May 10, 2022. 

41 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics and Business Conduct for our senior officers, directors and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is located
at our website at www.oramed.com. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or a waiver from, a provision
of the Code of Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or controller, or persons performing similar
functions and that relates to the Code of Ethics by posting such information on our website, www.oramed.com. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

This section explains the
policies and decisions that shape our executive compensation program, including its specific objectives and elements, as it relates to
our named executive officers, or NEOs. 

Our NEOs for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and the Transition Period are those three individuals listed in the Summary Compensation Table below.
The Compensation Committee believes that our executive compensation is appropriately designed to incentivize our NEOs to work for our
long-term prosperity, is reasonable in comparison with the levels of compensation provided by comparable companies and reflects a reasonable
cost. We believe our NEOs are critical to the achievement of our corporate goals, through which we can drive stockholder value. 

The Compensation Committee
of our Board is comprised solely of independent directors as defined by Nasdaq and non-employee directors as defined by Rule 16b-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. The Compensation Committee has the authority and responsibility
to review and approve the compensation of our President and Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers. Other information concerning
the structure, roles and responsibilities of our Compensation Committee is set forth in Board Meetings and Committees Compensation
Committee section. 

Our executive compensation
program and our NEOs compensation packages are designed around the following objectives: 

attract, hire, and retain talented and experienced executives; 

motivate, reward and retain executives whose knowledge, skills and performance are critical to our success; 

ensure fairness among the executive management team via recognizing the contributions of each executive to our success; 

focus executive behavior on achievement of our corporate objectives and strategy; and 

align the interests of management and stockholders by providing management with longer-term incentives through equity ownership. 

The Compensation Committee
reviews the allocation of compensation components regularly to ensure alignment with strategic and operating goals, competitive market
practices and legislative changes. The Compensation Committee does not apply a specific formula to determine the allocation between cash
and non-cash forms of compensation. Certain compensation components, such as base salaries, benefits and perquisites, are intended primarily
to attract, hire, and retain well-qualified executives. Other compensation elements, such as long-term incentive opportunities, are designed
to motivate and reward performance. Long-term incentives are intended to reward NEOs for our long-term performance and executing our business
strategy, and to strongly align NEOs interests with those of stockholders. 

42 

With respect to equity compensation,
the Compensation Committee makes awards to executives under our Amended and Restated 2019 Incentive Plan. Executive compensation is paid
or granted based on such matters as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate, including our financial and operating performance and
the alignment of the interests of the executive officers and our stockholders. 

Elements of Compensation 

Our executive officer compensation
program is comprised of: (i) base salary or monthly compensation; (ii) discretionary bonus; (iii) long-term equity incentive compensation
in the form of stock option and RSU grants; and (iv) benefits and perquisites. 

In establishing overall executive
compensation levels and making specific compensation decisions for our NEOs in the year ended December 31, 2022 and the Transition Period,
the Compensation Committee considered a number of criteria, including the executive s position, scope of responsibilities, prior
base salary and annual incentive awards and expected contribution. 

Generally, our Compensation
Committee reviews and, as appropriate, approves compensation arrangements for the NEOs from time to time but not less than once each year.
The Compensation Committee also takes into consideration the President and Chief Executive Officer s recommendations for executive
compensation of the other NEOs. The President and Chief Executive Officer generally presents these recommendations at the time of our
Compensation Committee s review of executive compensation arrangements. 

During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee received consulting services from Deloitte Israel Co., or Deloitte, with regard to
management compensation. The Compensation Committee engaged the consultant to review the Company s current compensation plans for
its management and collect and analyze data regarding management compensation at other companies comparable to the Company, in order to
provide a competitive compensation benchmark. Deloitte collected SEC filings data regarding U.S. and Israeli compensation practices and
developed a peer group of the following U.S. and Israeli companies: Theseus Pharmaceuticals Inc., Athira Pharma Inc., Zomedica Corp.,
Rallybio Corp., Verastem Inc., VistaGen Therapeutics Inc., Acumen Pharmaceuticals Inc., Enochian Biosciences Inc., Aldeyra Therapeutics
Inc., Viking Therapeutics Inc., Eliem Therapeutics Inc., Werewolf Therapeutics Inc., Compugen Ltd., Urogen Pharma Ltd., Kamada Ltd., Gamida
Cell Ltd., Sol Gel Technologies Ltd., Redhill Biopharma Ltd., Collplant Biotechnologies Ltd., Enlivex Therapeutics Ltd., Vascular Biogenics
Ltd., PolyPid Ltd. and BioLine RX Ltd. Following its review, Deloitte provided recommendations for cash and equity compensation at various
percentiles for the Compensation Committee s consideration. 

Base Salary 

The Compensation Committee
performs a review of base salaries and monthly compensation for our NEOs from time to time as appropriate. In determining salaries, the
Compensation Committee members also take into consideration the scope of the NEOs responsibilities and independent third-party
market data, such as compensation surveys to industry, individual experience and performance and contribution to our clinical, regulatory,
commercial and operational performance. None of the factors above has a dominant weight in determining the compensation of our NEOs, and
our Compensation Committee considers the factors as a whole when considering such compensation. In addition, our Compensation Committee
uses comparative data regarding compensation paid by peer companies in order to obtain a general understanding of current trends in compensation
practices and ranges of amounts being awarded by other public companies, and not as part of an analysis or a formula. 

We believe that a competitive
base salary and monthly compensation is a necessary element of any compensation program that is designed to attract and retain talented
and experienced executives. We also believe that attractive base salaries can motivate and reward executives for their overall performance.
Base salary and monthly compensation are established in part based on the individual experience, skills and expected contributions to
our performance, as well as such executive s performance during the prior year. Generally, we believe that executives base
salaries should be targeted near the median of the range of salaries for executives in similar positions with similar responsibilities,
experience and performance at comparable companies. Compensation adjustments are made occasionally based on changes in an executive s
level of responsibility, company progress or on changed local and specific executive employment market conditions. 

43 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, our Compensation Committee increased the base salary of one of our NEOs by 10 (effective January 1,
2023) as it deemed this to be a reasonable rate based on, among other factors, such NEO s responsibilities and the report from Deloitte,
as it determined the salary was not in line with market compensation. In the Transition Period, our Compensation Committee increased the
base salary of most of our NEOs by 15 based on the report from an independent compensation consultant, as it determined salaries were
not in line with market compensation . 

Performance Based Bonus 

Our NEOs are eligible to receive
discretionary annual bonuses based upon performance. The amount of annual bonus to our NEOs is based on various factors, including, among
others, the achievement of scientific and business goals and our financial and operational performance. The Compensation Committee takes
into account the overall performance of the individuals, as well as the overall performance of the Company over the period being reviewed
and the recommendation of management. For any given year, the compensation objectives vary, but relate generally to strategic factors
such as developments in our clinical path, the execution of a license agreement for the commercialization of product candidates, the establishment
of key strategic collaborations, the build-up of our pipeline and financial factors such as capital raising. Bonuses are awarded generally
based on corporate performance, with adjustments made within a range for individual performance, at the discretion of the Compensation
Committee. The Compensation Committee determines, on a discretionary basis, the size of the entire bonus pool and the amount of the actual
award to each NEO. The overall payment is also based on historic compensation of the NEOs. 

We believe that annual bonuses
payable based on the achievement of short-term corporate goals incentivize our NEOs to create stockholder value and attain short-term
performance objectives. 

Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation 

Long-term incentive compensation
allows the NEOs to share in any appreciation in the value of our common stock. The Compensation Committee believes that stock participation
aligns executive officers interests with those of our stockholders. Equity incentive awards are generally made at the commencement
of employment and following a significant change in job responsibilities, or to meet other special retention or performance objectives.
The amounts of the awards are designed to reward past performance and create incentives to meet long-term objectives. Awards are made
at a level expected to be competitive within the biotechnology industry, as well as with Israeli-based companies. Awards are made on a
discretionary basis and not pursuant to specific criteria set out in advance. In determining the amount of each grant, the Compensation
Committee also takes into account the number of shares held by the executive prior to the grant. The vesting schedule for NEOs generally
provides for annual installments for new grants, though the Compensation Committee also utilizes quarterly vesting from time to time,
as well as performance-based vesting. The Compensation Committee believes that time-based vesting encourages recipients to build stockholder
value over a long period of time and that performance-based vesting encourages recipients to achieve goals that benefit the Company. 

As part of its engagement
in the year ended December 31, 2022 described above, Deloitte also provided consulting services in connection with grants of equity awards
to our executive officers. Deloitte reviewed annual long-term incentive grants at peer companies, as well as such grants made by companies
in the broader market, based on a blend of Black-Scholes valuations and grants as a percentage of the applicable company s capitalization.
Following such consultation, the Compensation Committee is considering alternative models and equity vehicles for future equity-based
grants. 

Benefits and Perquisites 

Generally, benefits available
to NEOs are available to all employees on similar terms and include welfare benefits, paid time-off, life and disability insurance and
other customary or mandatory social benefits in Israel. We provide some of our NEOs with a cellular phone and a company car, which are
customary benefits in Israel to managers and officers. 

44 

We do not believe that the
benefits and perquisites described above deviate materially from the customary practice for compensation of executive officers by other
companies similar in size and stage of development in Israel. These benefits represent a relatively small portion of the executive officers 
total compensation. 

The Company paid for certain direct costs, related taxes and expenses
incurred in connection with the relocation of our President and Chief Executive Officer to the United States. During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022 and the Transition Period, such relocation expenses totaled approximately 331,000 and 109,000, respectively, and included
mainly payments intended to reflect the difference in the cost of living between Israel and the United States, relocation expenses, accommodation
allowances, education allowances, health insurance and related taxes. 

Say-on-Pay Vote 

Our stockholders approved,
on an advisory basis, our executive compensation program at our annual meeting of stockholders held on June 30, 2022. We did not seek
or receive any specific feedback from our stockholders concerning our executive compensation program during the past fiscal year. The
Compensation Committee did not specifically rely on the results of the prior vote in making any compensation-related decisions during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the Transition Period. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

The following table sets forth the compensation
earned by our NEOs for the Transition Period and fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and August 31, 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year (1) 
 Salary ) (2) 
 Bonus ) (2)(3) 
 RSUs Awards ) (4) 
 Option Awards ) (4)(5) 
 All Other Compensation ) (2)(6) 
 Total ) 
 
 Nadav Kidron 
 2022 
 491,131 
 275,150 
 4,847,380 
 875,241 
 344,718 
 6,833,620 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and chairman (7) 
 Transition Period 
 183,543 
 565,634 
 - 
 - 
 117,294 
 866,471 

2021 
 465,982 
 300,000 
 1,995,666 
 876,693 
 382,240 
 4,020,581 

Dr. Miriam Kidron 
 2022 
 378,569 
 140,231 
 1,938,580 
 588,947 
 23,879 
 3,070,206 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer and director (8) 
 Transition Period 
 134,505 
 285,273 
 - 
 - 
 5,327 
 425,105 

2021 
 319,868 
 86,000 
 1,330,451 
 584,462 
 14,193 
 2,334,974 

David Silberman 
 2022 
 155,125 
 49,732 
 759,405 
 261,754 
 43,184 
 1,269,200 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (9) 
 Transition
Period 
 60,388 
 
 41,759 
 661,654 
 573,744 
 9,546 
 1,347,091 

2021 
 27,762 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,376 
 32,138 

(1) 
 The information is provided for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Transition Period, which began on September 1, 2021 and ended on December 31, 2021, and the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021. 

(2) 
 Amounts paid for Salary, Bonus and All Other Compensation that were originally denominated in NIS were translated into U.S. Dollars at the then current exchange rate for each payment. 

45 

(3) 
 Bonuses were granted at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. 

(4) 
 For RSU awards, the amounts reflect the grant date fair value, as calculated pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the RSU awards are set forth in note 8 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report. Our NEOs will not realize the value of these awards in cash unless and until the awards vest and the underlying shares are issued and subsequently sold. 

(5) 
 The amounts reflect the grant date fair value, as calculated pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718, of these option awards. The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the option awards are set forth in note 8 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report. Our NEOs will not realize the value of these awards in cash unless and until these awards are exercised and the underlying shares subsequently sold. 

(6) 
 Amounts exclude the fair market value of the options that were re-granted on September 11, 2019, as it was offset by the negative amount created by the cancelled options (that is, it was accounted for as a modification under FASB ASC Topic 718, and no incremental compensation expense was recorded). For more information about the regrant see note 7a to our audited consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report. 

(6) 
 See All Other Compensation Table below. 

(7) 
 Until November 1, 2022, Mr. Kidron received certain compensation from Oramed Ltd. through KNRY, Ltd., an Israeli entity owned by Dr. Miriam Kidron, or KNRY. Beginning on November 1, 2022, Mr. Kidron receives certain compensation from the Company through Shnida Ltd., an Israeli entity owned by Mr. Kidron, and certain compensation from Oramed Ltd. For additional information see Employment and Consulting Agreements below. 

(8) 
 Dr. Kidron receives compensation from Oramed Ltd. through KNRY. See Employment and Consulting Agreements below. 

(9) 
 Mr. Silberman was appointed as Chief Financial Officer, effective July 5, 2021. 

46 

All Other Compensation Table 

The All Other Compensation 
amounts set forth in the Summary Compensation Table above consist of the following: 

Name 
 
 Year (1) 

Automobile- Related Expenses ) 

Manager s Insurance (2)( 

Education Fund ) 

Relocation Expenses (3)( 

Total ) 

Nadav Kidron 

2022 

9,774 

3,703 

682 

330,559 

344,718 

Transition Period 

8,568 

- 

- 

108,726 

117,294 

2021 

4,926 

- 

- 

377,314 

382,240 

Dr. Miriam Kidron 

2022 

23,879 

- 

- 

- 

23,879 

Transition Period 

5,327 

- 

- 

- 

5,327 

2021 

14,193 

- 

- 

- 

14,193 

David Silberman 

2022 

16,095 

21,835 

5,254 

- 

43,184 

Transition Period 

- 

7,677 

1,869 

- 

9,546 

2021 

- 

3,527 

849 

- 

4,376 

(1) 
 The information is provided for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Transition Period, which began on September 1, 2021 and ended on December 31, 2021, and the fiscal year ended on August 31, 2021. 

(2) 
 Manager s insurance and education funds are customary benefits provided to employees based in Israel. Manager s insurance is a combination of severance savings (in accordance with Israeli law), defined contribution tax-qualified pension savings and disability insurance premiums. An education fund is a savings fund of pre-tax contributions to be used after a specified period of time for educational or other permitted purposes. 

(3) 
 Relocation expenses represents additional compensation for the period during which Mr. Kidron was in the United States. These expenses mainly include relocation expenses, supplemental living expenses, accommodation allowances, education allowances, health insurance and related costs. 

Employment and Consulting Agreements 

On July 1, 2008, Oramed Ltd.
entered into a consulting agreement with KNRY, whereby Nadav Kidron, through KNRY, provided services as President and Chief Executive
Officer of both the Company and Oramed Ltd., or the Nadav Kidron Consulting Agreement. The Nadav Kidron Consulting Agreement was terminated,
effective November 1, 2022, and replaced with the agreements as further described below. Additionally, on July 1, 2008, Oramed Ltd. entered
into a consulting agreement with KNRY whereby Dr. Miriam Kidron, through KNRY, provides services as Chief Scientific Officer of both the
Company and Oramed Ltd., or the Miriam Kidron Consulting Agreement. 

The Miriam Kidron Consulting
Agreement is terminable by either party upon 140 days prior written notice. The agreement, as amended, provides that KNRY will be reimbursed
for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with performance of the agreement. Pursuant to the agreement, KNRY, Dr. Miriam Kidron agrees
that during the term of the agreement and for a 12-month period thereafter, none of them will compete with Oramed Ltd. nor solicit employees
of Oramed Ltd. Starting September 1, 2021, Dr. Miriam Kidron receives a monthly consulting fee of NIS 106,400. 

47 

The Nadav Kidron Consulting
Agreement was terminable by either party upon 140 days prior written notice. The agreement, as amended, provided that KNRY will be reimbursed
for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with performance of the agreement. Pursuant to the agreement, KNRY and Nadav Kidron each
agreed that during the term of the agreement and for a 12-month period thereafter, none of them will compete with Oramed Ltd. nor solicit
employees of Oramed Ltd. From September 1, 2021 until termination, Nadav Kidron received a monthly consulting fee of NIS 146,705. 

Following the relocation of
Nadav Kidron to the State of Israel, the Company entered into two agreements with Mr. Kidron, replacing the Nadav Kidron Consulting Agreement,
substantially on the same terms, in order to allocate his time and services between the Company and Oramed Ltd. 

Effective November 1, 2022,
the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Shnida Ltd., whereby Nadav Kidron, through Shnida Ltd., provides services as President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement is terminable by either party upon 140 days prior written notice. The agreement
provides that Shnida Ltd. will be reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with performance of the agreement and that
Nadav Kidron will receive a monthly consulting fee of NIS 88,023. Pursuant to the agreement, Shnida Ltd. and Nadav Kidron each agree that
during the term of the agreement and for a 12-month period thereafter, none of them will compete with the Company nor solicit employees
of the Company. 

In addition, we, through Oramed
Ltd., have entered into an employment agreement with Nadav Kidron, effective as of November 1, 2022, pursuant to which Mr. Kidron receives
gross monthly salary of NIS 46,901 in consideration for his services as President and Chief Executive Officer of Oramed Ltd. In addition,
Mr. Kidron is provided with a cellular phone and a company car pursuant to the terms of his agreement. 

We, through Oramed Ltd., have
entered into an employment agreement with David Silberman as of May 23, 2021, pursuant to which Mr. Silberman was appointed as Chief Financial
Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company and Oramed Ltd., effective July 5, 2021. Mr. Silberman resigned as Secretary on January
9, 2022, upon the appointment of Mr. Netanel Derovan as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary. In accordance with the employment agreement,
as amended, Mr. Silberman s current gross monthly salary is NIS 47,438, effective January 1, 2023. In addition, Mr. Silberman is
provided with a cellular phone and a company car allowance pursuant to the terms of his agreement. 

We have entered into indemnification
agreements with our directors and officers pursuant to which we agreed to indemnify each director and officer for any liability he or
she may incur by reason of the fact that he or she serves as our director or officer, to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

Potential Payments upon
Termination or Change-in-Control 

We have no plans or arrangements
in respect of remuneration received or that may be received by our NEOs to compensate such officers in the event of termination of employment
(as a result of resignation, retirement, change-in- control) or a change of responsibilities following a change-in-control. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

We have no arrangements or
plans under which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive
officers may receive stock options, RSUs or restricted shares at the discretion of our Compensation Committee in the future. 

48 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

The following table sets forth
information concerning stock options and stock awards held by the NEOs as of December 31, 2022. 

Option
 Awards 

Stock Awards 
 
 Name 

Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 ) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 

Number
 of shares 
 that 
 have not 
 vested 
 (#) 

Market
 
 value of 
 shares that 
 have not 
 vested 
 ) 

Nadav Kidron 

47,134 
 (1) 

- 

12.45 

4/9/24 

49,000 
 (2) 

- 

7.77 

6/30/27 

97,000 
 (3) 

- 

8.14 

1/31/28 

196,500 
 (4)(5) 

- 

3.16 

2/26/29 

142,500 
 (6) 

47,500 
 (6) 

4.80 

1/8/30 

75,000 
 (7) 

75,000 
 (7) 

10.40 

2/3/31 

- 

107,000 
 (8) 

13.89 

1/3/32 

58,063 
 (9) 

58,064 
 (9) 

3.91 

9/17/32 

452,000 
 (10)(11)(12)(13)(14)(15) 

5,437,560 

Dr. Miriam Kidron 

47,134 
 (1) 

- 

12.45 

4/9/24 

69,999 
 (16) 

- 

7.77 

6/30/27 

47,000 
 (17) 

- 

8.14 

1/31/28 

104,000 
 (18)(5) 

- 

3.16 

2/26/29 

75,000 
 (19) 

25,000 
 (19) 

4.80 

1/8/30 

50,000 
 (20) 

50,000 
 (20) 

10.40 

2/3/31 

- 

72,000 
 (21) 

13.89 

1/3/32 

16,039 
 (22) 

16,040 
 (22) 

3.91 

9/17/32 

301,334 
 (23)(24)(25)(26)(27) 

3,625,048 

David Silberman 

12,500 
 (28) 

37,500 
 (28) 

20.19 

9/1/31 

- 

32,000 
 (29) 

13.89 

1/3/32 

4,747 
 (30) 

4,748 
 (30) 

3.91 

9/17/32 

127,500 
 (31)(32)(33)(34) 

1,533,825 

(1) 
 On April 9, 2014, 47,134 options were granted to each of Nadav Kidron and Dr. Miriam Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 12.45 per share; 15,710 of such options vested on April 30, 2014 and the remainder vested in eight equal monthly installments, commencing on May 31, 2014. The options have an expiration date of April 9, 2024. 

(2) 
 On June 30, 2017, 147,000 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 7.77 per share; 49,000 of such options vested on December 31, 2017 and the remainder vested in two equal installments of 49,000 on each of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, subject to the Company share price reaching the target of 9.50 and 12.50 per share, respectively. The options expire on June 30, 2027. As of December 31, 2021, 98,000 of these options were forfeited. 

(3) 
 On January 31, 2018, 97,000 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 8.14 per share; 97,000 of such options vested in four equal installments of 24,250 on each of January 1, 2019, January 1, 2020, January 1, 2021 and January 1, 2022. The options expire on January 31, 2028. 

(4) 
 On February 26, 2019, 196,500 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 3.16 per share; 196,500 of such options vested in four equal installments of 49,125 on each of December 31, 2019, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The options expire on February 26, 2029. For additional information please see note 6 below. 

49 

(5) 
 On September 11, 2019, these options were canceled and re-granted under the 2019 Incentive Plan in the same amounts and under the same terms as the original grants. 

(6) 
 On January 8, 2020, 190,000 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 4.80 per share. 142,500 of the options vested in three equal installments of 47,500 on each of December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 and the remainder of 47,500 shall vest on December 31, 2023. The options expire on January 8, 2030. 

(7) 
 On February 3, 2021, 150,000 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 10.40 per share. 75,000 of the options vested in two equal installments of 37,500 on each of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, and the remainder shall vest in two equal installments of 37,500 on each of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. The options expire on February 3, 2031. 

(8) 
 On January 3, 2022, 107,000 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 13.89 per share. 107,000 of the options shall vest in four equal installments of 26,750 on each of January 1, 2023, January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026. The options expire on January 3, 2032. 

(9) 
 On September 18, 2022, 116,127 options were granted to Nadav Kidron under the Oravax Medical Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 3.91 per share. 58,063 of the options vested in two installments on each of September 18, 2022 and December 31, 2022 and the remaining 58,064 options shall vest in two installments on each of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. The options expire on September 17, 2032. 

(10) 
 On November 13, 2014, 9,788 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Nadav Kidron. The RSUs vested in two equal installments, each of 4,894 shares, on November 30 and December 31, 2014. The shares of common stock underlying the RSUs will be issued upon request of the grantee. 

(11) 
 On February 23, 2015, 79,848 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Nadav Kidron. The RSUs vested in 23 installments consisting of one installment of 6,654 shares on February 28, 2015 and 22 equal monthly installments of 3,327 shares each, commencing March 31, 2015. The shares of common stock underlying the RSUs will be issued upon request of the grantee. 

(12) 
 On February 3, 2021, 300,000 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Nadav Kidron. 100,000 RSUs vested in one installment on August 31, 2021 and the remainder shall vest per the following: 100,000 shares shall vest upon our common stock achieving a specified price per share, and 100,000 shall vest upon our achievement of certain business objectives. 

(13) 
 On January 3, 2022, 63,000 RSUs representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock were granted to Nadav Kidron. 63,000 shall vest in four equal installments of 15,750 on each of January 1, 2023, January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026. 

(14) 
 On July 28, 2022, 126,000 RSUs representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock were granted to Nadav Kidron. 126,000 shall vest in three equal installments of 42,000 on each of January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026. 

(15) 
 On July 28, 2022, 63,000 performance based RSUs representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock were granted to Nadav Kidron. 42,000 were to vest upon receipt of positive topline data in the first oral insulin Phase 3 clinical trial and 21,000 were to vest upon completion of enrollment of the second oral insulin Phase 3 clinical trial by June 30,2023. Following the results of the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial and the termination of the ORA-D-013-2 Phase 3 trial, these performance goals have not been met and the RSUs did not vest. 

(16) 
 On June 30, 2017, 69,999 options were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 7.77 per share; Such options vested in three equal installments of 23,333 on each of December 31, 2017, December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019. The options have an expiration date of June 30, 2027. 

(17) 
 On January 31, 2018, 47,000 options were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 8.14 per share; 47,000 of such options vested in four equal installments of 11,750 on each of January 1, 2019, January 1, 2020, January 1, 2021 and January 1, 2022. The options expire on January 31, 2028.	 

50 

(18) On
February 26, 2019, 104,000 options were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron under the 2008 Plan at an exercise price of 3.16 per share; 104,000
of such options vested in four equal installments of 26,000 on each of December 31, 2019, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021 and December
31, 2022. The options expire on February 26, 2029. For additional information please see note 5 above. 

(19) 
 On January 8, 2020, 100,000 options were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron under the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 4.80 per share. 75,000 of the options vested in three equal installments of 25,000 on each of December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 and the remaining 25,000 options shall vest on December 31, 2023. The options expire on January 8, 2030. 

(20) 
 On February 3, 2021, 100,000 options were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron under the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 10.40 per share. 50,000 of such options vested in two equal installments of 25,000 on each of on each of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 and the remaining 50,000 options shall vest in two equal installments of 25,000 on each of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. The options expire on February 3, 2031. 

(21) 
 On January 3, 2022, 72,000 options were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron under the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 13.89 per share. 72,000 of the options shall vest in four equal installments of 18,000 on each of January 1, 2023, January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026. The options expire on January 3, 2032. 

(22) 
 On September 18, 2022, 32,079 options were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron under the Oravax Medical Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 3.91 per share. 16,039 of the options vested in two installments on each of September 18, 2022 and December 31, 2022 and the remaining 16,040 options shall vest in two installments on each of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. The options expire on September 17, 2032. 

(23) 
 On June 30, 2017, 75,000 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron. The RSUs vested immediately, have an exercise price of 0.012 per share of common stock and expire on June 30, 2027. 

(24) 
 On February 3, 2021, 200,000 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron. 66,666 RSUs vested in one installment on August 31, 2021 and the remainder shall vest per the following: 66,667 shares shall vest upon our common stock achieving a specified price per share, and 66,667 shall vest upon our achievement of certain business objectives. The shares of common stock underlying the RSUs will be issued upon request of the grantee. 

(25) 
 On January 3, 2022, 42,000 RSUs representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron. 42,000 shall vest in four equal installments of 10,500 on each of January 1, 2023, January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026. 

(26) 
 On July 28, 2022, 84,000 RSUs representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron. 84,000 shall vest in three equal installments of 26,000 on each of January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026. 

(27) 
 On July 28, 2022, 42,000 performance based RSUs representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock were granted to Dr. Miriam Kidron. 28,000 were to vest upon receipt of positive topline data in the first oral insulin Phase 3 clinical trial and 14,000 were to vest upon completion of enrollment of the second oral insulin Phase 3 clinical trial by June 30,2023. Following the results of the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial and the termination of the ORA-D-013-2 Phase 3 trial, these performance goals have not been met and the RSUs did not vest. 

51 

(28) 
 On September 1, 2021, 50,000 options were granted to David Silberman under the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 20.19 per share. 12,500 options vested on June 27, 2022 and the remainder shall vest in three equal installments of 12,500 options on each of June 27, 2023, June 27, 2024 and June 27, 2025. The options expire on September 1, 2031. 

(29) 
 On January 3, 2022, 32,000 options were granted to David Silberman under the 2019 Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 13.89 per share. 8,000 options vested on January 1, 2023 and the remainder shall vest in three equal installments of 8,000 on each of January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026. The options expire on January 3, 2032. 

(30) 
 On September 18, 2022, 9,495 options were granted to David Silberman under the Oravax Medical Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 3.91 per share. 4,747 of the options vested in two installments on each of September 18, 2022 and December 31, 2022 and the remaining 4,748 options shall vest in two installments on each of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. The options expire on September 17, 2032. 

(31) 
 On September 1, 2021, 50,000 RSUs, representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock, were granted to David Silberman. These RSUs vest as follows: (i) 33,333 shall vest upon our common stock achieving a price per share of 25 for at least 20 days out of any 30-day trading period and (a) if the first condition was met any time before June 27, 2022, then the RSUs would have vested in three equal installments (on June 27, 2022, June 27, 2023 and June 27, 2024), (b) if the first condition is met any time between June 27, 2022 and June 27, 2023, then 1/3 of the RSUs will vest immediately, and the remainder will vest in two equal installments (on June 27, 2023 and June 27, 2024), (c) if the first condition is met any time between June 27, 2023 and June 27, 2024, then 2/3 of the RSUs will vest immediately, and the remaining 1/3 will vest on June 27, 2024) and (d) if the first condition is met any time after June 27, 2024, then the RSUs will vest immediately; and (ii) 16,667 upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board and (a) if the first condition was met any time before June 27, 2022, then the RSUs would have vested in three equal installments (on June 27, 2022, June 27, 2023 and June 27, 2024), (b) if the first condition is met any time between June 27, 2022 and June 27, 2023, then 1/3 of the RSUs will vest immediately, and the remainder will vest in two equal installments (on June 27, 2023 and June 27, 2024), (c) if the first condition is met any time between June 27, 2023 and June 27, 2024, then 2/3 of the RSUs will vest immediately, and the remaining 1/3 will vest on June 27, 2024) and (d) if the first condition is met any time after June 27, 2024, then the RSUs will vest immediately. 

(32) 
 On January 3, 2022, 19,000 RSUs representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock were granted to David Silberman. 19,000 shall vest in four equal installments of 4,750 on each of January 1, 2023, January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026. 

(33) 
 On July 28, 2022, 39,000 RSUs representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock were granted to David Silberman. 30,000 shall vest in three equal installments of 13,000 on each of January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026. 

(34) 
 On July 28, 2022, 19,500 performance based RSUs representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock were granted to David Silberman. 13,000 were to vest upon receipt of positive topline data in the first oral insulin Phase 3 clinical trial and 6,500 were to vest upon completion of enrollment of the second oral insulin Phase 3 clinical trial by June 30,2023. Following the results of the ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial and the termination of the ORA-D-013-2 Phase 3 trial, these performance goals have not been met and the RSUs did not vest. 

52 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

The following table provides
information regarding compensation earned by, awarded or paid to each person for serving as a director who is not an executive officer
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name of Director 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards (1)(2)( 
 Option Awards (1)(2)( 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Dr. Arie Mayer (4)(5) 
 103,308 
 184,980 
 112,974 
 - 
 401,262 
 
 Yadin Rozov 
 30,094 
 124,770 
 24,061 
 - 
 178,925 
 
 Leonard Sank 
 39,188 
 184,980 
 81,798 
 - 
 305,966 
 
 Aviad Friedman (3) 
 15,000 
 83,340 
 81,798 
 - 
 180,138 
 
 Kevin Rakin (3) 
 34,688 
 83,340 
 81,798 
 - 
 199,826 

The following table provides
information regarding compensation earned by, awarded or paid to each person for serving as a director who is not an executive officer
during the Transition Period: 

Name of Director 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards 
 (2)( 
 Option Awards 
(2)( 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Aviad Friedman (3) 
 8,344 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8,344 
 
 Dr. Arie Mayer (4) 
 70,561 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 70,561 
 
 Kevin Rakin (3) 
 10,781 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,781 
 
 Leonard Sank 
 7,875 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,875 

(1) 
 As of December 31, 2022, our non-employee directors then in office held options to purchase shares of our common stock and RSUs as follows: 

Name of Director 
 Aggregate 
 Number of Shares Underlying Stock Awards 
 Aggregate 
 Number of Shares Underlying Option Awards 
 
 Dr. Arie Mayer (5) 
 18,000 
 45,398 
 
 Yadin Rozov 
 16,500 
 7,500 
 
 Leonard Sank 
 18,000 
 59,867 

(2) 
 The amounts reflect the grant date fair value, as calculated pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718, of these option awards. The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the option awards are set forth in note 8 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report. Our directors will not realize the value of these awards in cash unless and until these awards are exercised and the underlying shares subsequently sold. 

(3) 
 The terms of each of Aviad Friedman and Kevin Rakin as directors expired on June 30, 2022. 

(4) 
 Includes 62,280 and 61,683 as remuneration for Dr. Mayer s service as a member of the Board of Directors of Oravax during the Transition Period and during the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

(5) 
 Includes 15,398 option awards granted by Oravax for Dr. Mayer s service as a member of the Board of Directors of Oravax. 

Our directors are entitled
to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board.
Based on a report provided to the Compensation Committee by Aon Consulting, Inc. during 2021, effective as of December 1, 2021, each
independent director is entitled to receive as remuneration for his or her service as a member of the Board a sum equal to 30,000 per
annum. The Chairman of our Board is entitled to receive an additional sum equal to 25,500. The members of our Audit Committee are each
entitled to receive an additional sum equal to 5,625. The members of our Compensation Committee are each entitled to receive an additional
sum equal to 4,500. The members of our Nominating Committee are each entitled to receive an additional sum equal to 3,750. All remuneration
is to be paid quarterly after the close of each quarter. Our executive officers did not receive additional compensation for service as
directors. The Board may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on behalf of us other than services
ordinarily required of a director. 

Other than as described above,
we have no present formal plan for compensating our directors for their service in their capacity as directors. Other than indicated above,
no director received and/or accrued any compensation for his services as a director, including committee participation and/or special
assignments during the Transition Period and the year ended December 31, 2022. 

53 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Stock Option Plans 

Our Board adopted the 2008
Plan and the 2019 Plan in order to attract and retain quality personnel. 

The 2008 Plan, which is no
longer utilized for new grants, provided for the grant of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, and stock appreciation rights, collectively
referred to as awards. Under the 2008 Plan, as amended, 2,400,000 shares were reserved for the grant of awards. As of December
31, 2022, options with respect to 2,287,989 shares had been granted, of which 275,673 had been forfeited, 308,804 had been exercised and
1,310,586 have expired. As of December 31, 2022, 525,824 RSUs had been granted, of which 164,636 have vested and the shares of common
stock underlying those RSUs have not been issued and 34,118 have been forfeited. 

The 2019 Plan provides for
the grant of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, and stock appreciation rights, collectively referred to as awards. Under
the 2019 Plan, 1,000,000 shares were initially reserved for the grant of awards. On June 29, 2020, and August 3, 2020, respectively, our
Board and stockholders approved to amend and restate the 2019 Plan, the principal change being an increase in the number of shares of
common stock available under the 2019 Plan from 1,000,000 shares to 3,000,000 shares. On June 30, 2022, our Board and stockholders approved
to amend and restate the 2019 Plan, the principal change being an increase in the number of shares of common stock available under the
2019 Plan from 3,000,000 shares to 7,500,000 shares. Stock options granted under the 2019 Plan may be either incentive stock options under
the provisions of Section 422 of the Code, or non-qualified stock options. Under the amended 2019 Plan, 7,500,000 shares are reserved
for the grant of awards, which may be issued at the discretion of our Board from time to time. As of December 31, 2022, options with respect
to 1,863,646 shares have been granted, of which 100,918 had been forfeited, 66,978 had been exercised and none of them were expired. As
of December 31, 2022, 1,881,600 RSUs had been granted, of which 100,666 have vested and the shares of common stock underlying those RSUs
have not been issued and 85,334 have been forfeited. Since the Company had granted options during the time after the 2008 Plan allegedly
terminated, and out of an abundance of caution, the Company canceled these grants and re-granted certain of the options under 2019 Plan
in the same amounts and under the same terms as the original grants. 

The following table sets forth
additional information with respect to our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 Number of 
 securities to 
 be issued 
 upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 RSUs and 
 rights (a) 
 Weight- 
 average 
 exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 RSUs and 
 rights (b) 
 Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future 
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 3,654,246 
 4.79 
 4,106,898 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 3,654,246 
 4.79 
 4,106,898 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 6, 2023 by: (1) each person who is known by us
to own beneficially more than 5 of our common stock; (2) each of our current directors; (3) each of our NEOs; and (4) all of our directors
and executive officers as a group. On such date, we had 39,783,813 shares of common stock outstanding. 

54 

As used in the table below
and elsewhere in this form, the term beneficial ownership with respect to a security consists of sole or shared voting power,
including the power to vote or direct the vote, and/or sole or shared investment power, including the power to dispose or direct the disposition,
with respect to the security through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, including a right to acquire
such power(s) during the 60 days following March 6, 2023. Inclusion of shares in the table does not, however, constitute an admission
that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares. Unless otherwise indicated, (1) each person or entity
named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares that power with that person s spouse) with respect to all
shares of common stock listed as owned by that person or entity and (2) the address of each of the individuals named below is: c/o Oramed
Pharmaceuticals Inc., 1185 Avenue of the Americas, Third Floor, New York, New York 10036. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares 
 Percentage 
 of Shares Beneficially 
 Owned 
 
 Nadav Kidron #+ 
 1,735,966 (1) 
 4.3 
 
 Dr. Miriam Kidron #+ 
 597,299 (2) 
 1.5 
 
 David Silberman+ 
 25,250 (3) 

Dr. Arie Mayer # 
 24,000 (4) 

Yadin Rozov # 
 - 

Leonard Sank # 
 64,563 (5) 

All current executive officers and directors, as a group (nine persons) 
 2,743,637 (6) 
 6.8 

Less than 1 

# 
 Director 

+ 
 NEO 

(1) 
 Includes 633,884 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and 105,386 shares of common stock underlying vested RSUs that are issuable upon request. Mr. Nadav s beneficial ownership includes the 218,603 shares of common stock held by Xiaopeng Li, a former director of the Company, over which he holds a proxy. 

(2) 
 Includes 411,133 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and 186,166 shares of common stock underlying vested RSUs that are issuable upon request. 

(3) 
 Includes 20,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options. 

(4) 
 Includes 22,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options. 

(5) 
 Includes 52,367 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options. 

(6) 
 Includes 1,143,451 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options beneficially owned by the referenced persons and 291,552 shares of common stock underlying vested RSUs that are issuable upon request. 

55 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE. 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, except for compensation arrangements described elsewhere herein, we did not participate in any transaction, and we
are not currently participating in any proposed transaction, or series of transactions, in which the amount involved exceeded the lesser
of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which, to our
knowledge, any of our directors, officers, five percent beneficial security holders, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing
persons had, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest. 

Our policy is to enter into
transactions with related persons on terms that, on the whole, are no less favorable than those available from unaffiliated third parties.
Based on our experience in the business sectors in which we operate and the terms of our transactions with unaffiliated third parties,
we believe that all of the transactions described below met this policy standard at the time they occurred. All related person transactions
are approved by our Board. 

On November 30, 2015, we entered
into the TLA with HTIT, which was further amended as the HTIT License Agreement. For further details, see Item 1. Business Description
of Business Out-Licensed Technology HTIT. On November 30, 2015, we also entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with
HTIT, pursuant to which, among other things, Mr. Kidron would serve as proxy and attorney in fact of HTIT, with full power of substitution,
to cast on behalf of HTIT all votes that HTIT is entitled to cast with respect to the Purchased Shares at any and all meetings of our
stockholders to consent or dissent to any action taken without a meeting and to vote all the Purchased Shares held by HTIT in any manner
Mr. Kidron deemed appropriate except for matters related to our activities in the People s Republic of China, on which Mr. Kidron
would consult with HTIT before taking any action as proxy. On August 19, 2021, the proxy was revoked in accordance with its terms by HTIT. 

The Board has determined that
Dr. Arie Mayer, Yadin Rozov and Leonard Sank are independent as defined under the rules promulgated by Nasdaq. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The aggregate fees billed
by Kesselman Kesselman, independent registered public accounting firm, and member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited,
for services rendered to us during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, during the Transition Period and during the fiscal year ended
August 31, 2021: 

2022 
 Transition 
 Period 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 130,000 
 39,000 
 90,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 45,000 
 42,000 
 47,500 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 20,000 
 - 
 1,400 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Fees 
 195,000 
 81,000 
 138,900 

(1) 
 Amount represents fees paid for professional services for the audit of our consolidated financial statements, review of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

(2) 
 Represents fees paid for services rendered in connection with our July 2021 public offering of common stock for fiscal year 2021, our November 2021 registered direct offering of common stock for the Transition Period, at-the-market offering related fees, and fees rendered in connection with the Israeli Innovation Authority requirements. 

(3) 
 Represents fees paid for tax consulting services. 

SEC rules require that before
the independent registered public accounting firm are engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the
engagement be: (1) pre-approved by our Audit Committee; or (2) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established
by the Audit Committee, provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed
of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to management. 

The Audit Committee pre-approves
all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved
by the Audit Committee before the services were rendered. 

56 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 Index to Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial
statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Page REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB name: Kesselman Kesselman C.P.A.s, PCAOB ID: and Auditor Location: Tel Aviv, Israel) F-1 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: Balance sheets F-2 Statements of loss F-3 Statements of changes in equity F-4 Statements of cash flows F-5 Notes to financial statements F-6 - F-32 

________________ 

57 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Oramed Pharmaceuticals
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the four-months
ended December 2021 and for the year ended August 31,2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2022, for the four-months ended December 2021 and for the year ended August 31,2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits of these consolidated
financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International
Limited 

March 6, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2008. 

Kesselman Kesselman, Trade Tower,
25 Hamered Street, Tel-Aviv 6812508, Israel, P.O Box 50005 Tel-Aviv 6150001 Telephone: +972 -3- 7954555, Fax:+972 -3-
7954556, www.pwc.com/il 

F- 1 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term deposits (note 2) 

Marketable securities (note 3) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

LONG-TERM ASSETS: 

Long-term deposits (note 4) 

Marketable securities (note 3) 
 - 

Long-term investment (note 6j) 
 
 - 
 
 Amounts funded in respect of employee rights upon retirement 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Total long-term assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses (note 5) 

Deferred revenues 

Payable to related parties (note 11b) 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Long-term deferred revenues 

Employee rights upon retirement 

Provision for uncertain tax position (note 10f) 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

COMMITMENTS
 (note 6) 

EQUITY 

EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMPANY S STOCKHOLDERS : 

Common stock, par value authorized shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

Year ended December 31, 
 Four months ended December 31, 
 Year ended August 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES 

SALES AND MARKETING 

-

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

OPERATING LOSS 

FINANCIAL INCOME (note 9a) 

FINANCIAL EXPENSES (note
 9b) 

LOSS BEFORE TAX EXPENSES 

TAX EXPENSES 
 
 -
 
 -

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO: 

COMPANY S STOCKHOLDERS 

NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 

NET LOSS 

BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK USED IN COMPUTING BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

in thousands 

Attributable to Company s Stockholders 

Additional 
 
 Total 
 Non- 

Common Stock 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders 
 controlling 
 Total 

Shares 
 
 capital 
 deficit 
 equity 
 interests 
 Equity 

In thousands 

BALANCE AS OF JANUARY 1, 2022 

SHARES ISSUED FOR SERVICES 

-

-

ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK, NET 

-

-

EXERCISE OF WARRANTS AND OPTIONS 

-

-

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

-

-

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION OF SUBSIDIARY 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

TAX WITHHOLDINGS RELATED TO STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION SETTLEMENTS 
 - 
 -

-

-

NET LOSS 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Represents an amount of less than 1. 

Attributable to Company s Stockholders 

Additional 
 
 Total 
 Non- 

Common Stock 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders 
 controlling 
 Total 

Shares 
 
 capital 
 deficit 
 equity 
 interests 
 Equity 

In thousands 

BALANCE AS OF SEPTEMBER 1, 2021 

ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK, NET 

-

-

EXERCISE OF WARRANTS AND OPTIONS 

-

-

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

-

-

NET LOSS 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Attributable to Company s Stockholders 

Additional 
 
 Total 
 Non- 

Common Stock 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders 
 controlling 
 Total 

Shares 
 
 capital 
 deficit 
 equity 
 interests 
 Equity 

In thousands 

BALANCE AS OF SEPTEMBER 1, 2020 

-

ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK, NET 

-

-

EXERCISE OF WARRANTS AND OPTIONS 

-

-

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 - 
 -

-

-

ASSET ACQUISITION TRANSACTION 
 - 
 -

-

NET LOSS 
 - 
 - 
 - 

BALANCE AS OF AUGUST 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

In thousands 

Year ended December 31, 
 Four months ended December 31, 
 Year ended August 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments required to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Gain from selling fixed assets 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-cash expense for acquired In-Process Research Development IPR D 
 -
 
 - 

Exchange differences and interest on deposits and held to maturity bonds 

Changes in fair value of investments 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued for services 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and related parties 

Net changes in operating lease 
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenues 

Liability for employee rights upon retirement 

Other liabilities 

Total net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Proceeds from selling fixed assets 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Investment in short-term deposits 

Investment in long-term deposits 
 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of mutual funds 
 -
 
 - 

Purchase of held to maturity securities 
 -
 
 - 

Proceeds from redemption of short-term deposits 
 
 - 

Proceeds from maturity of held to maturity securities 

Long-term investments 
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Funds in respect of employee rights upon retirement 
 
 -

Total net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants and options 

Tax withholdings related to stock-based compensation settlements 
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Transaction with non-controlling interests 
 - 
 - 

Total net cash provided by financing activities 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

(A) SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE ON CASH FLOWS: 

Taxes paid 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest received 

(B) SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES: 

Recognition of operating lease right of use assets and liabilities 
 
 -

(C) ASSET ACQUISITION TRANSACTION (see note 12): 

IPR D 
 -
 
 - 

Transaction with non-controlling interests 
 -
 
 - 

Additional paid in capital 
 -
 
 - 

Non-controlling interests 
 -
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

shares of its capital stock to the Company, representing of the issued and outstanding share capital of Oravax,
on a fully diluted basis, as of the date of issuance. Consequently, Oramed consolidates Oravax in its consolidated financial statements
since that time. 

F- 6 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

F- 7 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

-
 
 -

Entera 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

Entera 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

F- 8 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

F- 9 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Such liabilities
are classified as long-term, unless the liability is expected to be resolved within 12 months from the balance sheet date. The Company s
policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expenses. 

between the License Agreement and the SPA according to their fair
value, as follows: was allocated to the issuance of common stock (less issuance expenses of ), based on the quoted price of
the Company s shares on the closing date of the SPA on December 28, 2015, and was allocated to the License Agreement. 

F- 10 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

was allocated to the HTIT License Agreement, all of which were received through the balance sheet date. Through December
31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue associated with this agreement in the aggregate amount of (of which was recognized
in the year ended December 31, 2022), and deferred the remaining amount of , which is presented as a contract liability on the consolidated
balance sheet. 

,
which was received by the Company as of December 31, 2022 and is presented under long-term deferred revenues. It also contains variable
consideration of contractual milestone payments and sales-based royalties. 

F- 11 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

for the year ended December 31, 2022,
 for the four month period ended December 31, 2021 and for the year ended August 31, 2021. 

F- 12 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

year to years. Some of these agreements include options to extend the leases for up to an additional
 years and some include options to terminate the leases immediately. See also note 6h. 

- 
 
 - 

F- 13 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

Entera (see c below) 

Held to maturity securities (see d below) 

Long-term: 

Held to maturity securities (see d below) 
 - 

of DNA s outstanding ordinary shares. 

. 

)). 

Accrued interest 
 
 - 

F- 14 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 3 - MARKETABLE SECURITIES (continued): 

Accrued interest 
 
 - 

Long-term 

are considered long-term marketable securities. 

Lease car deposits 

with an annual interest rate of and a maturity date of . 

Payroll and related accruals 

Institutions 

Accrued liabilities 

ordinary shares (after giving effect to a stock split by Entera in July 2018). In consideration for the shares sold to DNA, the Company received, among other payments, ordinary shares of DNA (see also note 3). 

of Entera s net revenues and a license back of that patent application for use in respect of
diabetes and influenza. As of December 31, 2022, Entera had not paid any royalties to the Subsidiary. On December 11, 2018, Entera announced
that it had entered into a research collaboration and license agreement with Amgen, Inc. Amgen ). To the extent that the
license granted to Amgen results in net revenues as defined in the Patent Transfer Agreement, the Subsidiary will be entitled to the aforementioned
royalties. As part of a consulting agreement with a third party dated February 15, 2011, the Subsidiary is obliged to pay this third party
royalties of of the net royalties received in respect of the patent that was sold to Entera in March 2011. 

F- 15 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS (continued) : 

The royalty payment obligation shall apply during the period of time
beginning upon the first commercial sale of the Product in the Territory, and ending upon the later of (i) the expiration of the last-to-expire
licensed patents in the Territory; and (ii) years after the first commercial sale of the Product in the Territory. The HTIT License Agreement shall remain in effect
until the expiration of the royalty term. The License Agreement contains customary termination provisions. 
 Among others, the Company s involvement through the product submission date will include consultancy for the pre-commercialization activities in the Territory, as well as advisory services to HTIT on an ongoing basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has received milestone payments in an aggregate amount of as follows: the initial payment of was received in January 2016. Following the achievement of certain milestones, the second and third payments of and , respectively, were received in July 2016, the fourth milestone payment of was received in October 2016 and the fifth milestone payment of was received in January 2019. On August 21, 2020, the Company received a letter from HTIT, disputing certain pending payment obligations of HTIT under the TLA. The payment obligation being disputed is , out of which only an amount of has been received and has been included in deferred revenue in each of the consolidated balance sheets as of the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The Company wholly disputes the claims made by HTIT and has been engaged in discussions and exchanges with HTIT in an attempt to clarify and resolve disagreements between the parties regarding milestone payments and work plan implementation. The HTIT License Agreement and the SPA were considered a single arrangement with multiple deliverables. The Company allocated the total consideration of between the HTIT License Agreement and the SPA according to their fair value, as follows: was allocated to the issuance of common stock (less issuance expenses of ), based on the quoted price of the Company s shares on the closing date of the SPA on December 28, 2015, and was allocated to the HTIT License Agreement. The Company determined that revenues are recognized over time through the expected product submission date in June 2023. In July 2015, according to the letter of intent signed between the parties or their affiliates, HTIT s affiliate paid the Subsidiary a non-refundable amount of as a no-shop fee. The no-shop fee was deferred and the related revenue is recognized over the estimated term of the HTIT License Agreement. For the Company s revenue recognition policy, see note 1l. 

F- 16 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS (continued): 

that will be paid over the term of the engagement and based on the achievement of certain development milestones, of which was recognized in research and development expenses through December 31, 2022. 

during the term of the engagement and based on achievement of certain milestones, of which was recognized in research and development expenses through December 31, 2022. 

during the term of the engagement and based on achievement of certain milestones, of which
 was recognized in research and development expenses through December 31, 2022. 

, but the parties have the right to terminate it with a 180 days-notice. Medicox will comply with agreed distribution targets and will purchase ORMD-0801 at an agreed upon transfer price per capsule. In addition, Medicox will pay the Company up to in developmental milestones, of which have already been received by the Company, and up to royalties on gross sales. Medicox will also be responsible for obtaining a regulatory approval in the Republic of Korea. The Company is currently evaluating with Medicox a path forward to continue its collaboration, following the results of our ORA-D-013-1 Phase 3 trial. For the Company s revenue recognition policy, see note 1l. 

are payable on sales of products developed from a project so funded, up to a maximum amount equaling
 - of the grants received (dollar linked) with the addition of interest at an annual rate based on LIBOR. 

including LIBOR). All grants were received before the year ended August 31, 2020 and recorded as a reduction of research and development
expenses at that time. 

. 

F- 17 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS (continued): 

). As security for its obligation under this lease agreement, the Company provided a bank guarantee
in an amount equal to three monthly lease payments. For accounting purposes, the lease period is 60 months. 

). As security
for its obligation under the Addendum, the Company provided a bank guarantee in an amount equal to three monthly lease payments. For accounting
purposes, the lease commenced on February 1, 2022 as the Subsidiary did not have access to the space until that date. For accounting purposes,
the lease period is 60 months. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the four month period ended December 31, 2021 and for the year ended August 31,
2021. 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities long-term 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted Average of Remaining Lease Term 

Operating leases 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

- interest rate. 

F- 18 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS (continued): 

in attorneys fees, which was paid on April
28, 2022 and included in general and administrative expenses in the first quarter of 2022. All other details of the settlement were previously
agreed by the parties and acted upon at the Company s 2021 annual meeting of stockholders. 

. Following the purchase, the Company holds
less than of the issued and outstanding stock of Diasome on a diluted basis. The stock purchase agreement provides the Company with
the option to purchase additional preferred shares of stock on a pro rata basis at similar terms to the terms and conditions of the current
round contingent upon Diasome achieving certain milestones. 

options. Since the Company had granted options during the time after the old plan allegedly terminated, and out of an abundance of caution, the Company canceled these grants and reissued the options under the new option plan in the same amounts and under the same terms as the original grants. The cancelation and grants were approved by the Board of Directors on September 11, 2019. Out of the available options under the 2019 Plan, the Company granted to replace the options under dispute as mentioned above. The cancellation of the award accompanied by the concurrent grant of a replacement award was accounted for as modification of the terms of the cancelled award. Since the replacement award was given under the same terms as the cancelled award, no incremental compensation cost was recognized. On August 3, 2020, the stockholders of the Company adopted the amended and restated 2019 Plan which increased the shares available to grant under the plan by an additional to options. On June 30, 2022, the stockholders of the Company adopted the amended and restated 2019 Plan, which increased the shares available for grant under the plan by an additional to options. 

, through a sales agent, subject to certain terms and conditions. Any shares sold were to be sold pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 including a prospectus and prospectus supplement, each dated February 10, 2020 (which superseded a prior registration statement, prospectus and prospectus supplement that related to shares sold under the Sales Agreement). The Company paid the sales agent a cash commission of of the gross proceeds of the sale of any shares sold through the sales agent under the Sales Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, shares were issued under the Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of . 

F- 19 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 7 - STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued): 

, through a sales agent, subject to certain terms and conditions. Any shares sold will be sold pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 including a prospectus dated February 10, 2020 as supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated December 1, 2020. The Company paid the sales agent a cash commission of of the gross proceeds of the sale of any shares sold through the sales agent under the New Sales Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, shares were issued under the New Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of . 

from time to time through Canaccord Genuity. The Equity Distribution Agreement replaced the New Sales Agreement, once it had been exhausted. Any shares sold will be sold pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 including a prospectus dated February 10, 2020 and prospectus supplement dated June 16, 2021. The Company paid the sales agent a cash commission of of the gross proceeds of the sale of any shares sold through the sales agent under the Equity Distribution Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, shares were issued under the Equity Distribution Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of . 

from time to time through Canaccord Genuity. The New Equity Distribution Agreement replaced the Equity Distribution Agreement, once it had been exhausted. Any shares sold will be sold pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 including a prospectus dated July 15, 2021. The Company paid the sales agent a cash commission of of the gross proceeds of the sale of any shares sold through the sales agent under the New Equity Distribution Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, shares were respectively issued under the New Equity Distribution Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of . 

shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from to per share and expiring from April 10, 2023 to April 15, 2029. 

F- 20 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 7 - STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued): 

Issued 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exercised 

Expired 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Warrants outstanding at end of the period 

Warrants exercisable at end of the period 

shares of the Company s common stock which may be issued
at the discretion of the Board of Directors from time to time. Under this 2019 Plan, each option or RSU is exercisable into one share
of common stock of the Company. The options may be exercised after vesting and in accordance with vesting schedules which will be determined
by the Board of Directors for each grant. The maximum term of the options and RSUs is years. 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share (equivalent to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant) as follows: to the CEO, to the CSO, to the Company s former Chief Financial Officer and to the Company s Chief Operating Business Officer. The options shall vest in four equal annual installments, on each of December 31, 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024. As of December 31, 2022, of such options are vested. These options expire on February 3, 2031. The fair value of all these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates of ; and expected term of years. On February 3, 2021, the Company granted a total of RSUs as follows: to the CEO, to the CSO, to the Company s former Chief Financial Officer and to the Company s Chief Operating and Business Officer. These RSUs were granted under the Company s 2019 Plan and shall vest as follows: shall vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, shall vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, and upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board of Directors. The total fair value of these RSUs on the date of the grant was , using the Monte-Carlo model. 

F- 21 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 8 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued): 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share (equivalent to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant) to the former chairman of the Board of Directors. The options shall vest in three equal annual installments, on each of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. These options expired upon the expiration of the former chairman s term as a director. The total fair value of these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates of ; and expected term of years. On February 17, 2021, the Company granted a total of RSUs to the former chairman of the Board of Directors. These RSUs were granted under the Company s 2019 Plan and shall vest as follows: shall vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, shall vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, and upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board of Directors. RSUs vested on August 31, 2021 and the remainder expired upon the expiration of the former chairman s term as a director. The total fair value of these RSUs on the date of the grant was , using the Monte-Carlo model. 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share (equivalent to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant) to the Chief Commercial Officer. As of December 31, 2022, of such options are vested. These options expire on . The fair value of all these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates of ; and expected term of years. On August 4, 2021, the Company granted a total of RSUs to the Chief Commercial Officer. These RSUs were granted under the Company s 2019 Plan and shall vest as follows: shall vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, shall vest upon the Company s common stock achieving a price per share of during 20 days out of any 30-day trading period, and upon achievement of a certain licensing agreement as specified by the Board of Directors. The total fair value of these RSUs on the date of the grant was , using the Monte-Carlo model. 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share. . As of December 31, 2022, 12,500 of such options are vested. In addition, the Company granted RSUs that shall vest as follows: if the closing price per share of the Company s common stock will be at least for at least 20 days out of any 30-trading; and 

F- 22 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 8 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
 (continued): 

upon achievement of a certain licensing
agreement as specified by the Board of Directors; and 

. 

. The fair value of the options was calculated using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based on the following assumptions:
stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates of ; and expected
term of years. 

shares of the Company s common stock to its President and Chief Executive Officer. The total fair value of these shares on the date of grant was , using the quoted closing market share price of on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the date of grant. 

shares of the Company s common stock to the Company s employees and board members at an exercise price of per share (equivalent to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant) as follows: to the President and Chief Executive Officer; to the Chief Scientific Officer; to the Chief Operating and Business Officer, to the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and to the Chief Commercial Officer, an aggregate of to four board members and to an employee. The options vest in four equal annual installments on each of January 1, 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026. As of December 31, 2022, none of such options are vested. These options expire on . The total fair value of these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates of ; and expected term of years. 

F- 23 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 8 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
 (continued): 

shares of the Company s common stock to the Company s Chief Legal Officer and Secretary (effective as of the time his employment with the Company commenced on January 9, 2022), at an exercise price of per share (equivalent to the closing price of the Company s common stock on January 10, 2022, which represents the first trading date after his employment with the Company commenced). The options vest in four equal annual installments on each of January 1, 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026. As of December 31, 2022, none of such options are vested. These options expire on . The total fair value of these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates of ; and expected term of years. 

shares of the Company s common stock to Mr. Yadin Rozov, a member of the Company s board of directors, at an exercise price of per share (equivalent to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the last trading day before the date of grant). As of December 31, 2022, none of such options are vested. These options expire on . The total fair value of these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option-pricing model and was based on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates of and expected term of years. 

RSUs representing a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock to the Company s executive officers, employees and board members. The RSUs granted to certain employees, executive officers and board members shall vest in three equal annual installments on each of January 1, 2024, 2025 and 2026 and the RSUs granted to certain employees will vest in three equal annual installments on each of January 1, 2023, 2024 and 2025. The total fair value of these RSUs on the date of grant was , using the quoted closing market share price of on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the date of grant. 

shares of the Company s common stock to each of the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific Officer. These shares vested in full on August 1, 2022. The total fair value of these shares on the date of grant was , using the quoted closing market share price of on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the date of grant. 

shares of Oravax s common stock to employees and board members of Oravax and to other service providers at an exercise price of per share. These options expire on . The total fair value of these options on the date of grant was , using the Black Scholes option pricing model and was based on the following assumptions: stock price of ; dividend yield of for all years; expected volatility of ; risk-free interest rates of ; and expected term of years. 

F- 24 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 8 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
 (continued): 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Expected stock price volatility ) 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Risk free interest rate ) 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield ) 

Changes during the period: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

-
 
 -

Expired 

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Exercised 

Options outstanding at end of the period 

Options exercisable at end of the period 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the period 

, and , respectively. 

, during the four month period ended December 31, 2021 was and
 during the year ended August 31, 2021. 

6.23 to 9.12 

10.40 to 20.19 

F- 25 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 8 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued): 

options granted to employees
and directors were outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022, compared to as of December 31, 2021 and as of
August 31, 2021. 

of unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested options previously granted to employees and directors. The unrecognized compensation
costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Changes during the period: 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Options outstanding at end of the period 

Options exercisable at end of the period 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the period 
 -

-

-

during the four month period ended December 31, 2021
and during the year ended August 31, 2021. 

, and options, respectively, were exercised
by non-employees for a total intrinsic value of , and , respectively. 

F- 26 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 8 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued): 

options granted to non-employees
were outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022. 

Granted 

Issued 

-

Forfeited 
 
 -

Outstanding at the end of the period 

Vested during the period 

Vested and unissued at period end 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the four the month period ended December 31, 2021 and 
for the year ended August 31, 2021. 

related to RSUs. The unrecognized compensation costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of years. 

-
 
 -

Granted 
 -

-

Issued 

-

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at the end of the period 

-

Vested during the period 

-

Vested and unissued at period end 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the four the month period ended December 31, 2021, compared
to no compensation expenses recorded for the year ended August 31, 2021. 

related to RSUs. The unrecognized compensation costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of years. 

F- 27 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

Exchange rate differences, net 
 
 -
 
 -

Income from interest on corporate bonds 

Gain from securities, net 
 -
 
 -

Revaluation of securities, net 
 -
 
 -

Other 

-

Bank and broker commissions 

Loss from securities, net 
 
 - 
 -

Revaluation of securities, net 

-

Other 
 -

. 

(as of December 31, 2021, ). 

. 

(as of December 31, 2021, approximately ). Under the Israeli
tax laws, carryforward tax losses have no expiration date. 

F- 28 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 10 - TAXES ON INCOME (continued): 

Research and development expenses 

Less - valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

Outside U.S. 

Taxes on income (tax benefit): 

Current: 

U.S. 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Outside U.S. 
 
 -
 
 - 

-
 
 - 

Statutory tax benefit 

Increase in income taxes resulting from: 

Change in the balance of the valuation allowance for deferred tax 

Disallowable deductions 

Influence of different tax rate applicable to the Subsidiary and changes in tax rates from previous years 

Withholding tax, see note 10d above 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Uncertain tax position 
 -
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Taxes on income for the reported year 
 
 - 
 - 

F- 29 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 10 - TAXES ON INCOME (continued): 

Decrease in uncertain tax positions for the current period 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at End of Period 

Four months ended December 31, 2021 

Year ended August 31, 2021 

and ), respectively. 

F- 30 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 11 - RELATED PARTIES - TRANSACTIONS (continued): 

, and , respectively. 

), plus value
added tax. Pursuant to the agreement, Shnida Ltd. and the President and Chief Executive Officer each agree that during the term of the
agreement and for a 12-month period thereafter, none of them will compete with the Company nor solicit employees of the Company. 

in consideration for his
services as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Subsidiary. In addition, the President and Chief Executive Officer is provided
with a cellular phone and a company car pursuant to the terms of his agreement. 

-

Shnida 
 
 -
 
 -

Nadav Kidron (President and Chief Executive Officer) 

Consequently, the Company consolidates Oravax in
its consolidated financial statements since that time. In addition, under the terms of the Oravax License Agreement, the Company has licensed
out to Oravax certain patent rights, know-how and information related to the Company s oral drug delivery technology with respect
to the combination with the COVID-19 vaccine technology (the Licensed IP ). 

F- 31 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

In thousands (except share and per share data) 

NOTE 12 - ASSET ACQUISITION TRANSACTION (continued): 

on net sales, as defined in the Oravax
License Agreement, of each product commercialized by Oravax, its affiliates and permitted sublicensees related to the License during the
term specified in the Oravax License Agreement, (ii) sublicensing fees equal to of any non-sales-based consideration received by Oravax
from a permitted sublicensee and (iii) other payments ranging between to , based on certain sales milestones being achieved
by Oravax. The parties further agreed to establish a development and steering committee, which will consist of three members, of which
two members will be appointed by the Company, that will oversee the ongoing research, development, clinical and regulatory activity with
respect to the Oravax product. Akers contributed in cash to Oravax and a license agreement to the Oravax product which includes
a maximum of royalties of all net sales. Effective January 1, 2022, Oravax transferred its rights and obligations under the Oravax
License Agreement to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Oravax Medical Ltd. 

based on the carrying
amount of the contributed assets and, according to the Company s accounting policy, the fair value of Oravax excluding the contributed
assets. Any difference between the fair value of consideration paid and the increase in the non-controlling interests carrying
amount was recognized in equity. As a result of the acquisition, the Company recognized IPR D expense in the amount of . 

F- 32 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

3.1 
 
 Composite Copy of Certificate of Incorporation, as amended as of January 22, 2013, corrected February 8, 2013, as amended as of July 25, 2014, corrected September 5, 2017 and as further amended as of August 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 24, 2020) 

3.3 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated By-laws (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed February 27, 2023). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference from our registration statement on Form S-1 filed February 1, 2013). 

4.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed July 5, 2018). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed February 28, 2020). 

4.4 
 
 Description of Securities. 

10.1+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Shnida Ltd., entered into as of November 1, 2022, for the services of Nadav Kidron. 

10.2+ 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Oramed Ltd. and Nadav Kidron, entered into as of November 1, 2022. 

10.3+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed July 2, 2008). 

10.4+ 
 
 Amendment, dated November 13, 2014, to Consulting Agreement by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 14, 2014). 

10.5+ 
 
 Amendment, dated July 13, 2013, to Consulting Agreement by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008 for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 14, 2014). 

10.6+ 
 
 Amendment, dated July 21, 2015, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2015). 

10.7+ 
 
 Amendment, dated June 27, 2016, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2016). 

10.8+ 
 
 Amendment, dated June 30, 2017, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 29, 2017). 

10.9+ 
 
 Amendment, dated January 10, 2020, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed April 6, 2020). 

10.10+ 
 
 Amendment, dated September 19, 2021, to Consulting Agreements by and between Oramed Ltd. and KNRY, Ltd., entered into as of July 1, 2008, for the services of Miriam Kidron (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 24, 2021). 

10.11+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 23, 2021, by and between Oramed Ltd. and David Silberman (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed July 14, 2021). 

10.12+ 
 
 First Amendment, dated September 19, 2021, to Employment Agreement, by and between Oramed Ltd. and David Silberman (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 24, 2021). 

10.13+ 
 
 Second Amendment, dated October 25, 2022, to Employment Agreement, by and between Oramed Ltd. and David Silberman. 

10.14+ 
 
 Representative Form of Indemnification Agreements between Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. and each of our directors and officers. 

10.15+ 
 
 Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed August 4, 2016). 

10.16+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 14, 2014). 

58 

10.17+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement between the Company and the CSO or CEO (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 29, 2017). 

10.18+ 
 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Award and Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed July 2, 2008). 

10.19+ 
 
 Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed August 6, 2019). 

10.20+ 
 
 Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed June 30, 2020). 

10.21+ 
 
 Amendment to Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed June 2, 2022). 

10.22+ 
 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Award and Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 27, 2019). 

10.23+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 

10.24+ 
 
 Clinical Trial Agreement, dated September 11, 2011, between Oramed Ltd., Hadasit Medical Research Services and Development Ltd., Miriam Kidron and Daniel Schurr (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K/A filed December 21, 2012). 

10.25+ 
 
 Clinical Trial Agreement, dated July 8, 2009, between Oramed Ltd., Hadasit Medical Research Services and Development Ltd., Miriam Kidron and Itamar Raz (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed July 9, 2009). 

10.26 
 
 Agreement, dated January 7, 2009, between Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Hadasit Medical Research Services and Development Ltd. (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed January 7, 2009). 

10.27 
 
 Patent Transfer Agreement, dated February 22, 2011, between Oramed Ltd. and Entera Bio Ltd. (incorporated by reference from our registration statement on Form S-1 filed March 25, 2011). 

59 

10.28 
 
 Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement, dated December 21, 2015, between Hefei Tianhui Incubator of Technologies Co., Ltd., Oramed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oramed Ltd. (Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this document. Incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed January 13, 2016). 

10.29 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement, dated June 3, 2016, between Hefei Tianhui Incubator of Technologies Co., Ltd., Oramed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oramed Ltd. (Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document. The confidential portions will be omitted and filed separately, on a confidential basis, with the Securities and Exchange Commission) (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2016). 

10.30 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement, dated July 24, 2016, between Hefei Tianhui Incubator of Technologies Co., Ltd., Oramed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oramed Ltd. (Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document. The confidential portions will be omitted and filed separately, on a confidential basis, with the Securities and Exchange Commission) (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2016). 

10.31 
 
 Service Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2016, between Oramed Ltd. and XERTECS GmbH (Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this document. The confidential portions have been omitted and filed separately, on a confidential basis, with the Securities and Exchange Commission) (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2016). 

10.32 
 
 General Technical Agreement between Oramed Ltd. and Premas Biotech Pvt. Ltd., dated July 24, 2016 (Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this document. The confidential portions have been omitted and filed separately, on a confidential basis, with the Securities and Exchange Commission) (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 25, 2016). 

10.33 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated September 1, 2021, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (incorporated by reference from our current report on Form 8-K filed September 1, 2021). 

10.34 
 
 Clinical Research Organization Services Agreement, dated February 14, 2018 and effective as of November 1, 2017, between Oramed Ltd. and Integrium, LLC (Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this document. The confidential portions have been omitted and filed separately, on a confidential basis, with the Securities and Exchange Commission.) (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed April 9, 2018). 

60 

10.35 
 
 Amendment #1 to Clinical Research Organization Services Agreement Protocol # ORA-D-015 between Oramed, Inc. and Integrium, LLC (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed July 10, 2019). 

10.36 
 
 Amendment #2 to Clinical Research Organization Services Agreement Protocol # ORA-D-015 between Oramed, Inc. and Integrium, LLC (incorporated by reference from our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed July 10, 2019). 

10.37 
 
 Clinical Research Organization Services Agreement, dated September 2, 2020 and effective as of January 15, 2020, between Oramed Ltd. and Integrium, LLC (incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K filed September 9, 2020). 

10.38 
 
 Clinical Research Organization Services Agreement, dated September 16, 2020 and effective as of January 15, 2020, between Oramed Ltd. and Integrium, LLC (incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K filed September 18, 2020). 

10.39 
 
 License Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2021, between the Company, Oramed Ltd. and Oravax Medical Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K filed March 19, 2021). 

10.40 
 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2021, between Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc., Akers Biosciences Inc., Premas Biotech PVT Ltd., Cutter Mill Capital LLC, and Run Ridge LLC. (incorporated by reference from our Form 8-K filed March 19, 2021). 

10.41 
 
 Oravax Medical, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 

10.42 
 
 Oravax Stock Option Agreement. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference from our annual report on Form 10-K filed November 24, 2021). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Kesselman Kesselman, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification Statement of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification Statement of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification Statement of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32.2 
 
 Certification Statement of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.1 
 
 The following financial statements from the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Loss, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and in detail. 

104.1 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

+ 
 Management contract or compensation plan. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

61 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

/s/ Nadav Kidron 

Nadav Kidron, 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 6, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Nadav Kidron 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Nadav Kidron, 

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(principal executive officer) 

/s/ David Silberman 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 David Silberman, 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Miriam Kidron 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Miriam Kidron, 

Director 

/s/ Arie Mayer 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Arie Mayer, 

Director 

/s/ Yadin Rozov 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Yadin Rozov, 

Director 

/s/ Leonard Sank 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Leonard Sank, 

Director 

62 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-4_oramedpharma.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.4 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The following description of the securities of
Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company is a summary only. This summary is not complete and is subject to and qualified
by the provisions of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Charter ), and By-laws, as amended
and restated (the By-laws ), which are filed as exhibits to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended August 31, 2020 and the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 27, 2023, respectively, and are incorporated
by reference herein. 

Common Stock 

Pursuant to the Company s Charter, the Company
is authorized to issue up to sixty million (60,000,000) shares of common stock, par value 0.012 per share (the Common Stock ). 

The Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital
Market and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, in each case under the symbol ORMP . 

The holders of shares of Common Stock vote together
as one class on all matters as to which holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote. Except as otherwise required by applicable law,
all voting rights are vested in and exercised by the holders of Common Stock with each share of Common Stock being entitled to one vote,
including in all elections of directors. The Company does not have a classified board of directors (the Board ). 

The holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive
ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board out of legally available funds therefore. The Company
has not declared any dividends on its Common Stock and does not anticipate paying any dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable
future. 

In the event of the Company s liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, holders of the Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities.
The Common Stock has no cumulative voting rights and no preemptive or other rights to subscribe for shares of the Company. 

There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
applicable to the Common Stock. All shares of Common Stock currently outstanding are fully paid and non-assessable. 

The Company is permitted to issue, and has from
time to time, issued warrants and options to purchase shares of the Common Stock, as well as restricted stock units. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of the Company s
Charter and By-Laws 

In addition to provisions under Delaware law,
the Company s Charter and By-Laws contain provisions that could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals
or making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control, including changes a stockholder might consider favorable. In particular,
the Charter and/or By-Laws, as applicable, among other things: 

provide
 the Board with the exclusive authority to call special meetings of the stockholders; 

provide
 the Board with the ability to alter the By-Laws without stockholder approval and require
 the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares
 of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon to alter the By-Laws without Board
 approval; 

provide
 rules for stockholder action by written consent, including procedures for a record date to be set by the Board in connection with
 such action, information requirements, the engagement of an independent inspector of election and timing requirements; 

provide
 the Board with the exclusive authority to fix the number of directors constituting the whole Board; and 

provide
 that vacancies on the Board may be filled by a majority of directors in office, although less than a quorum. 

Such provisions may have the effect of discouraging
a third-party from acquiring the Company, even if doing so would be beneficial to the Company s stockholders. These provisions are
intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of the Board and in its policies, and to discourage
some types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change in control of the Company. These provisions are designed to
reduce the Company s vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and to discourage some tactics that may be used in proxy
fights. The Company believes that the benefits of increased protection of its potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an
unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure the Company outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging such proposals because,
among other things, negotiation of such proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. However, these provisions could have
the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for shares of the Company s Common Stock and, as a consequence, they
also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of the shares of the Company s Common Stock that could result from actual or rumored
takeover attempts. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in the Company s management. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-1_oramedpharma.htm
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SHNIDA LTD., ENTERED INTO AS OF NOVEMBER 1, 2022, FOR THE SERVICES OF NADAV KIDRON

Exhibit 10.1 

CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

This Consulting Agreement (this Agreement is made effective as of November 1, 2022, by and between Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. , a company incorporated under the laws of
the State of Delaware, with an address at 20 Mamilla Ave., Jerusalem, Israel 9414904 (the Company and Shnida
Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel, (company I.D. no. 514519016) with an address at 32 Eliezer Hagadol
Street, Jerusalem (the Consultant ). 

WHEREAS the Company wishes to obtain consulting services from the Consultant to be provided
by Nadav Kidron (Israeli I.D. number 027424282) Nadav exclusively and the Consultant wishes to provide the Company
with consulting services as an external consultant to the Company through Nadav exclusively and pursuant to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement; and 

WHEREAS the parties wish to regulate their legal relations as set forth in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

1. Appointment . The Company hereby appoints the Consultant, and the Consultant
hereby agrees to serve the Company through Nadav exclusively, in the capacity of a consultant to the Company. For the avoidance of doubt,
it is hereby clarified that in the event the Consultant ceases to provide the Consulting Services (as hereinafter defined) through Nadav
exclusively, the Company shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon notification of such termination, without any
further notice. 

2. The Consulting Services . Until the termination of this Agreement, the Consultant
through Nadav exclusively shall, as and when requested by the Company, act as a consultant and render his assistance and participation
as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, giving the full benefit of his knowledge, expertise, technical skill and
ingenuity, in all matters involved in or relating to the business thereof (the Consulting Services ). 

3. Supervision . While acting as a consultant for the Company through Nadav exclusively,
the Consultant and Nadav shall be under the supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and
shall report to and receive instructions from the Board. 

4. Commencement of the Agreement . The contractual relationship pursuant to this
Agreement commenced on November 1, 2022 (the Commencement Date ). 

5. Term . Either party may terminate this Agreement, for any reason whatsoever,
upon the provision of a 140 day prior written notice (the Prior Written Notice ). 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company may, at any time following the Commencement Date, terminate this Agreement immediately by provision of a written
notice (and without any further notice, including the Prior Written Notice referred to above), in which case the termination date of this
Agreement shall be the effective date of such notice of immediate termination, in any of the following circumstances: 

5.1 Commission of a criminal offence, breach of trust or action adverse to the Company,
its monies, property, assets or employees by the Consultant and/or Nadav. 

5.2 Breach of any of the Consultant s and/or Nadav s undertakings as set forth
in this Agreement. 

5.3 The Consultant is for any reason unable to provide the Consulting Services through
Nadav exclusively at a reasonable time as required by the Company pursuant to this Agreement. 

6. Compensation . Effective November 1, 2022 (inclusive), the Company shall pay
to the Consultant in consideration for the performance of the Consulting Services, a gross monthly amount of NIS 88,023 + VAT (the Consideration ),
subject to the receipt by the Company of an invoice from the Consultant. 

7. Reimbursement of Expenses The Consultant will be reimbursed for any
reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the performance of the Consulting Services under this Agreement subject to the Company s
prior written authorization, and provided, that, the Consultant submits such verification of the expenses as the Company may require.
The Company will reimburse the Consultant for previously approved expenses in accordance with the Company s then applicable expense
reimbursement policy. 

Additionally, the
Company shall reimburse the Consultant for pre-approved travel expenses incurred in connection with the performance of the Consulting
Services under this Agreement. 

8. Directors and Officers Liability Coverage . The Company shall provide the
Consultant, for the benefit of Nadav, (including his heirs, executors and administrators) with coverage under a standard directors and
officers liability insurance policy at the Company s expense. 

9. Tax Withholding . Notwithstanding the above, the Company has the right to withhold
any amounts from payments made to the Consultant under this Agreement, including, inter alia, the Consideration, to the extent necessary
to comply with any applicable tax laws. 

10. Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Intellectual Property . Each of the Consultant
and Nadav agrees during the term of this Agreement and thereafter to be bound by, and shall have executed and delivered to the Company,
the Proprietary Information, Non-Compete and Protection of Intellectual Property Undertaking, substantially in the form of Exhibit
A hereto. 

11. No Conflict of Interest . Each of the Consultant and Nadav agrees during the
term of the Agreement not to accept any work or enter into any contract or understanding or accept an obligation, inconsistent or incompatible
with the Consultant s and/or Nadav s obligations under this Agreement or the scope of the Consulting Services. Each of the
Consultant and Nadav warrants that there is no other existing contract or duty on the Consultant s and/or Nadav s part inconsistent
with this Agreement. Each of the Consultant and Nadav further agrees not to disclose to the Company, or induce the Company to use any
confidential information that belongs to anyone other than the Company or the Consultant. 

2 

12. Independent Consultant Relationship . Each of the Consultant and Nadav hereby
declares and undertakes, that its relationship with the Company will be that of an independent consultant and nothing in this Agreement
should be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, or employer-employee relationship between the Company and the Consultant and/or
Nadav. Each of the Consultant and Nadav agrees, that it/he will not be entitled to any of the benefits that the Company may make available
to its employees, such as group insurance, profit sharing or retirement benefits, unless otherwise mentioned herein. Furthermore, Each
of the Consultant and Nadav agrees that no title that the Consultant and/or Nadav shall carry while acting in the capacity of a consultant
of the Company, nor any conduct by the Company or the Consultant, shall derogate from this Section 12. 

The Consultant will
be solely responsible for all tax returns and payments required to be filed with or made to any tax authority with respect to the Consultant s
performance of the Consulting Services and receipt of fees under this Agreement. Because the Consultant is an independent contractor,
the Company will not withhold or make payments for National Insurance Institute; make unemployment insurance or disability insurance contributions;
or obtain worker s compensation insurance on the Consultant s behalf. 

Furthermore, each
of the Consultant and Nadav hereby declares, that the Consultant is the sole employer of Nadav and therefore the Consultant has the sole
and complete liability for Nadav s employment in any aspect whatsoever including, inter alia , obligations such as payment
of taxes, National Insurance, disability, severance pay and other contributions based on fees paid to Nadav. The Consultant hereby agrees
to indemnify and defend the Company against any and all such taxes or contributions, including penalties and interest, and the Company
shall be entitled to require the Consultant to produce evidence of effecting the payments as aforesaid. 

13. Without derogating from any of the above, should it be held by any competent judicial
authority or any governmental authority, that the relationship between each of Consultant or Nadav and the Company is one of employer
and employee; and/or in the event that the Company shall be demanded and/or obligated, to pay any of the Consultant or Nadav any amount,
or give them any right, deriving from the existence of an employer-employee relationship between the Consultant or Nadav and the Company
or usually paid to employees; all of the following provisions shall apply: 

13.1 Retroactively, from the first date of Consultant s engagement with the Company
(the Effective Date and in lieu of any remuneration paid to Consultant (including bonuses, benefits and expenses),
Consultant will be deemed to have been entitled only to a gross monthly salary (including for all over-time hours, if relevant) in an
amount equal to 150 of the gross monthly salary of the Company s highest paid executive officer. Consultant will immediately return
to the Company any amount paid to it beyond the above gross salary. Any entitlements as an employee (if at all) for Consultant, will be
calculated on the base of the above salary; 

3 

13.2 The Company shall be entitled to set off from the amounts due to Consultant in accordance
with any source, the amounts which the Consultant will be liable to refund to the Company pursuant to Section 13.1 or in accordance with
any other source; and 

13.3 Consultant shall indemnify the Company for any and all costs, liabilities and expenses
it may have in connection with such demand and/or obligation, including the economic value of such right and legal expenses. 

14. Should it be held by the tax authorities, including the Israeli National Insurance
Institute, that the Company is required or obligated to pay any amount or bear any cost deriving from the existence of an employer-employee
relationship between the Consultant or Nadav and the Company or usually paid to employees; all of the following provisions shall apply: 

14.1 The Company shall be entitled to set off from the amounts due to Consultant in accordance
with any source, the amounts which the Consultant will be liable to refund to the Company pursuant to Section 13.1 or in accordance with
any other source; and 

14.2 Consultant shall indemnify the Company for any and all costs, liabilities and expenses
it may have in connection with such demand and/or obligation, including the economic value of such right and legal expenses. 

15. Consultant Representation and Warranties .
 The Consultant hereby represents and warrants that the Consultant has full right and power to enter into and perform this Agreement
without the consent of any third party. 

16. Return of Company Property . Upon termination of this Agreement or earlier as
requested by the Company, each of the Consultant and Each of the Consultant and Nadav hereby will deliver to the Company any and all drawings,
notes, memoranda, specifications, devices, electronic devices, formulas, and documents, together with all copies thereof, and any other
material containing or disclosing any Company Work Product, Third Party Information or Proprietary Information of the Company. 

Data and software
stored on magnetic and other media that cannot be returned shall be destroyed by the Consultant or Each of the Consultant and Nadav hereby
together with all copies thereof. 

17. General Provisions . 

17.1 Severability . In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement
shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability
shall not affect the other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable
provision had never been contained herein. If moreover, any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason
be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed by limiting and reducing
it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear. 

4 

17.2 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and constructed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Israel. The parties hereby expressly consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court located in Tel-Aviv,
Israel, and all disputes or claims arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be exclusively resolved by the courts located in
Tel-Aviv, Israel. 

17.3 No Assignment . This Agreement may not be assigned by the Consultant and/or
Each of the Consultant and Nadav hereby without the Company s prior and written consent, and any such attempted assignment shall
be void and of no effect. 

17.4 Waiver . No waiver by a party of any breach of this Agreement shall be a waiver
of any preceding or succeeding breach. No waiver by a party of any right under this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other
right. 

17.5 Entire Agreement . This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior agreements and/or discussions between the
parties. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless
in writing and signed by the party to be charged. 

17.6 Notices . All communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be delivered by email, hand or mailed by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid: 

(i) If to the Consultant, at 32 Eliezer Hagadol Street, Jerusalem, or at such other address or email address
as the Consultant may have furnished the Company in writing; and 

(ii) If to the Company, at 20 Mamilla Ave., Jerusalem, Israel 9414904, marked for the attention of the Chief
Financial Officer, or at such other address or email address as it may have furnished the Consultant in writing. 

Any notice so addressed shall be deemed
to be given: if delivered by hand or by email, on the date of such delivery; if mailed by courier, on the first business day following
the date of such mailing; and if mailed by registered or certified mail, on the third business day after the date of such mailing. 

17.7 Survival . Sections 10 (including Exhibit A), 12, 13, 14, 16 and 17 shall survive
termination of this Agreement. 

17.8 Section Headings . The headings of the sections and subsections of this Agreement
are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part thereof. 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement on the date first written above. 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 
 Shnida LTD. 

By: 
 /s/ David Silberman 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Nadav Kidron 
 
 Name: 
 David Silberman 
 
 Name: 
 Nadav Kidron 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

I hereby confirm that I have read this Agreement,
understood its terms and agree to be personally bound by all its terms and provisions, including without limitations, the provisions of
Section 10 and 13 thereto. 

/s/ Nadav Kidron 

Nadav Kidron 

6 

EXHIBIT A 

 PROPRIETARY INFORMATION, NON-COMPETE AND PROTECTION
OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY UNDERTAKING 

(The Undertaking 

This undertaking is Exhibit A to the Consulting
Agreement made effective as of November 1, 2022 by and between Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company and Shnida
Ltd., (the Consultant for the provision of consulting services by the Consultant via Nadav Kidron Nadav ). 

Each of Consultant and Nadav warrants
and undertakes that during their relationship with the Company and thereafter, they shall maintain in complete confidence any matters
that relate to the Company (together with its Affiliates shall be defined as the Company ), its affairs or business,
including regarding the terms and conditions of the Consulting Agreement, and that they shall not harm its goodwill or reputation, and
they agree to the provisions of the confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation and intellectual property clauses as specified
below. 

For avoidance of any doubt, it is hereby
clarified that the obligations and representations of Consultant and Nadav and the Company s rights under this Undertaking shall apply
retroactively as of the commencement of the parties engagement, regardless of the date of execution of this Undertaking. 

The obligations of Consultant and Nadav pursuant
to this Undertaking derive from their status and position in the Company, along with all matters connected therewith, and the terms and
conditions of the Consulting Agreement, including their compensation, have been determined in part, inter alia, in consideration of this
Undertaking and constitute sufficient consideration for their obligations hereunder. 

1. Confidentiality 

1.1 Each of Consultant and Nadav undertakes to maintain the Confidential Information
(as defined below) of the Company during the term of his/her engagement with the Company and after the termination of such, for any reason.
Each of Consultant and Nadav acknowledges that the Confidential Information constitutes a proprietary right, which the Company is entitled
to protect. 

1.2 Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, Each of Consultant and
Nadav hereby agrees that he/she shall not, directly or indirectly, disclose or transfer to any person or entity, at any time, either during
or subsequent to his/her engagement with the Company, any trade secrets or other confidential information, whether patentable or not,
of the Company, including but not limited to, any (i) processes, formulas, trade secrets, innovations, inventions, discoveries, improvements,
research or development and test results, survey, specifications, data and know-how; (ii) marketing plans, business plans, strategies,
forecasts, unpublished financial information, budgets, projections, product plans and pricing; (iii) personnel information, including
organizational structure, salary, and qualifications of employees; (iv) customer and supplier information, including identities, product
sales and purchase history or forecasts and agreements; and (v) any other information which is not known to the public (collectively,
 Confidential Information ), of which Consultant and Nadav is or becomes informed or aware during his/her engagement
period with the Company, whether or not developed by Consultant and/or Nadav. 

7 

1.3 The general prohibition contained in Sections 1.1 and 1.2 against the unauthorized
disclosure, use or dissemination of the Confidential Information shall not apply in respect of any Confidential Information that: (i)
is available to the public generally in the form disclosed; (ii) becomes part of the public domain through no fault of Consultant and
Nadav; (iii) is already in the lawful possession of Consultant and Nadav at the time of receipt of the Confidential Information, as can
be proven by written documentation; or (iv) is compelled by applicable law to be disclosed, provided that Consultant and Nadav gives the
Company prompt written notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure and provides assistance in obtaining an order protecting the
Confidential Information from public disclosure. 

1.4 Each of Consultant and Nadav undertakes not to directly or indirectly give or transfer,
directly or indirectly, to any person or entity, any material, raw material, product, part of a product, model, document or other information
storage media, or any photocopied, printed or duplicated object containing any or all of the Confidential Information. 

1.5 Each of Consultant and Nadav undertakes, that the Company may receive from third
parties confidential or proprietary information Third Party Information subject to a duty on the Company s part
to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. During the term of the Consulting
Agreement, and thereafter, each of Consultant and Nadav will hold Third Party Information in the strictest confidence and will not disclose
to anyone (other than Company personnel who need to know such information in connection with their work for the Company) or use, except
solely for the purpose of and in connection with his/her work for the Company, Third Party Information unless expressly authorized by
the Company in writing. 

1.6 During the term of the Consulting Agreement, each of Consultant and Nadav shall
not improperly use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets, if any, of any former employer or any other person to whom
Consultant and/or Nadav has an obligation of confidentiality, and Each of Consultant and Nadav did not and will not bring onto the premises
of the Company any unpublished documents or any property belonging to any former employer or any other person to whom he/she has an obligation
of confidentiality unless consented to in writing by that former employer or person. 

1.7 In the event Each of Consultant and Nadav is in breach of any of the above obligations,
they shall be liable to compensate the Company in respect of all damages or expenses incurred by the Company as a result of such breach,
including trial costs and legal fees and statutory VAT, without derogating from any other relief or remedy available to the Company by
virtue of any law. 

8 

2. Non-Competition/Non-Solicitation 

Each of Consultant and Nadav
undertakes that during the period of his/her engagement with the Company and for a period of (12) months following termination of his/her
engagement with the Company, for any reason: 

2.1 He shall not, anywhere in the world, do business, as an employee, independent contractor,
consultant or otherwise, and shall not directly or indirectly participate in or accept any position, proposal or job offer that may directly
or indirectly compete with or harm the Company, or in the field in which the Company engages, is engaged or the Company contemplates in
good faith to be materially engaged in within six (6) months thereafter, provided that the Company has taken demonstrable actions to promote
such engagement or that the Company s Board of Directors has adopted a resolution authorizing such actions prior to the date of termination(the
 Competitive Occupation ); provided, however, that Consultant and Nadav may own securities of any corporation which
is engaged in such business and is publicly owned and traded but in an amount not to exceed at any one time one percent (1 of any class
of stock or securities of such company, so long as he has no active role in the publicly owned and traded company as director, employee,
consultant or otherwise. 

2.2 Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, each of Consultant and
Nadav undertakes not to maintain any business relations of any type whatsoever, including a proposal to conduct business relations, directly
or indirectly, with any of the Company s customers, suppliers or agents, including customers, suppliers or agents with whom the Company
conducted negotiations towards an agreement at the time of the termination of the Consulting Agreement or prior thereto. 

2.3 In addition, each of Consultant and Nadav undertakes not to approach, solicit or
recruit any employee of the Company or any consultant, service provider, agent, distributor, customer or supplier of the Company, to terminate,
reduce or modify the scope of such person s engagement with the Company. 

2.4 The foregoing shall apply irrespective of whether the Competitive Occupation is
carried out by Consultant and Nadav alone or in cooperation with others and shall apply to the participation of Consultant and Nadav in
a Competitive Occupation, whether as a controlling shareholder or as an interested party. 

3.
 Intellectual Property, Copyright and Patents 

3.1 Each of Consultant and Nadav hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Company exclusively
owns and shall own all right, title and interest in and to any work, products, processes, materials, inventions, texts, algorithms, designs,
sketches, ideas or discoveries, all derivatives, enhancements or improvements thereof and any and all Intellectual Property Rights associated
therewith, created, conceived made or discovered by Consultant and/or Nadav (whether solely or jointly with others) during the term of
the Consulting Agreement; or in connection therewith; or in connection with the Company, its business (actual or contemplated), products,
technology or know how Company IPR ). Intellectual Property Rights means all worldwide (a) patents,
patent applications, designs and patent rights; (b) rights associated with works of authorship, including, but not limited to, copyrights,
copyrights applications, copyrights restrictions, mask work rights, mask work applications and mask work registrations; (c) rights relating
to the protection of trade secrets and confidential information; (d) moral rights, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, trade
dress and goodwill; (e) rights analogous to those set forth herein and any other proprietary rights relating to intangible property including
ideas; and (f) divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues and extensions of the foregoing (as applicable) now existing or hereafter
filed, issued, or acquired. 

9 

3.2 Each of Consultant and Nadav acknowledges and agrees that all Company IPR and all
modifications, derivatives and enhancements thereof belong to, and shall be the sole property of, the Company (or its designees) upon
creation thereof. Each of Consultant and Nadav hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company or its designee and shall assign all right, title
and interest Consultant and/or Nadav may have or may acquire in and to Company IPR upon its creation. Each of Consultant and Nadav acknowledges
and agrees that no rights relating to any Company IPR are reserved Consultant and Nadav. 

Each of Consultant and Nadav will
assist the Company, upon Company s first request, to obtain, and from time to time enforce, any Company IPR worldwide, including without
limitation, executing, verifying and delivering such documents and performing such other acts as the Company may reasonably
request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining and enforcing such Company IPR. Such obligation shall remain
in effect beyond the termination of the Consulting Agreement, all for no additional consideration, provided that each of Consultant and
Nadav shall not be required to bear any expenses as a result of such assignment. In the event the Company is unable for any reason, after
reasonable effort, to secure the signature of Consultant or Nadav on any document required, each of Consultant and Nadav hereby irrevocably
designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as its agent and attorney in fact to act for and on its
behalf to further the above purposes. 

3.3 Each of Consultant and Nadav irrevocably confirms that the consideration explicitly
set forth in the Consulting Agreement is inclusive of any and all rights for compensation that may arise in connection with the Company
IPR under applicable law and each of Consultant and Nadav irrevocably waives any legal right he/she may have in connection with the Company
IPR, including without limitation any right, moral rights or right to claim royalties or any other additional consideration from the Company
with regard to the assigned Company IPR, including without limitation, in respect of Section 134 of the Patent Law 5727-1967 or other
applicable laws. The foregoing waiver relates to any claims or demands whatsoever, whether in the present, past or future, and whether
under contract or other legal or equitable theory. 

10 

3.4 Each of Consultant and Nadav represents and warrants that upon execution hereof,
he/she has not created and does not have any right, title or interest in and to any Intellectual Property Rights related, similar to and/or
required for Company s business, products or Intellectual Property Rights Prior Inventions ). Each of Consultant
and Nadav undertakes not to incorporate any Prior Inventions or third party s Intellectual Property Rights (including of a former employer)
in any Company IPR. 

3.5 Each of Consultant and Nadav undertakes to immediately inform and deliver IN WRITING
to the Company, written notice of any Company IPR conceived or invented by him or personnel of the Company or its successors who are subordinate
to him, immediately upon the discovery thereof. 

3.6 The obligations of Consultant and Nadav pursuant to this Section 3 shall survive
the termination of the Consulting Agreement with the Company or its successors and assigns with respect to inventions conceived by them
during the term of the Consulting Agreement or as a result thereof. 

4. Each of Consultant and Nadav acknowledges that the restricted period of time and
geographical area as specified hereunder are reasonable, in view of his/her position and the nature of the business in which the Company
is engaged, the knowledge of Consultant and Nadav of the Company s business and the compensation he/she receives. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, if the period of time or the geographical area specified herein should be determined to be
unreasonable in any judicial proceeding, then the period of time and area of the restriction shall be reduced so that this Undertaking
may be enforced in such area and during such period of time as shall be determined to be reasonable by such judicial proceeding. Each
of Consultant and Nadav acknowledges that the compensation and benefits granted to him by the Company under the Consulting Agreement were
determined, inter alia, in consideration for his/her obligations under this Undertaking. 

5. This Undertaking, the rights of the Company hereunder, and the obligations of each
of Consultant and Nadav hereunder, will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors,
administrators and legal representatives. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Undertaking. Each of Consultant and Nadav
may not assign, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, any of its obligations under this Undertaking, except with the prior written
consent of the Company. 

6. This Undertaking and all rights and duties of the parties hereunder shall be exclusively
governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. The competent courts of the State of Israel, Tel Aviv
Jaffa district, shall have the exclusive jurisdiction over the parties with regard to this Undertaking, its execution, interpretation
and performance. 

7. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective
meanings ascribed to them in the Consulting Agreement. 

8. This Undertaking is the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements and discussions between them, oral or written. 

11 

THE UNDERSIGNED
HAVE READ THIS UNDERTAKING CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTAND ITS TERMS. 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO: 

shnida LTD. 

By: 
 /s/ Nadav Kidron 

Name: 
 Nadav Kidron 
 
 Date 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Nadav Kidron 

Nadav Kidron 
 
 Date 

12 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-2_oramedpharma.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN ORAMED LTD. AND NADAV KIDRON, ENTERED INTO AS OF NOVEMBER 1, 2022

Exhibit 10.2 

Employment Agreement 

This Employment Agreement is made effective as
of the 1 st day of November 2022, by and between Nadav Kidron , an individual residing in Jerusalem, Israel (the Executive ),
and ORAMED Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel, with an address at 20 Mamilla Ave., Jerusalem, Israel
(the Company ). 

WHEREAS, the Company
has agreed to engage the Executive to serve in the role of President and Chief Executive Officer in accordance with the terms as described
below. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the
Company and the Executive agree as follows: 

1. ENGAGEMENT 

1.1 Engagement of Executive . The Company hereby agrees
to employ the Executive in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. 

1.2 Term . The term of employment under this Agreement
shall commence on November 1, 2022 (the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated by either party
as provided herein (the Term ). 

1.3 Service . 

(a) As of the Effective Date, the Executive shall serve in the
role of President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and of its parent company Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Parent ). 

(b) The Company s standard working days and hours are 5 days a
week between Sunday and Thursday, four days of 9 gross hours (including lunch and rest breaks) per day and one shortened day of 8 gross
hours including breaks. The working hours of the Executive shall be as required by the nature of the Executive s position in the
Parent and the Company, including during additional and overtime hours if it is so required in order to fulfill the Executive s obligations
according to this Agreement. The regular weekly rest day is Saturday. 

(c) In consideration of the conditions and circumstances of the
Executive s senior position and duties in the Parent and the Company which require a special degree of trust and as the conditions
and circumstances of employment do not enable the Company to supervise the Executive s hours of work, the provisions of the Hours of
Work and Rest Law, 1951 shall not apply to the Executive and he shall not be entitled to any additional consideration for work during
overtime hours and/or on days that are not regular business days, except as specified in this Agreement. The Executive acknowledges that
the consideration set for his services hereunder nevertheless includes within it consideration that would otherwise have been due to
him by law. 

(d) The Executive agrees to faithfully, honestly and diligently
serve the Parent and the Company and to devote Executive s attention and best efforts to further the business and interests of the Parent
and the Company. The Executive agrees and undertakes to inform the Board of Directors of the Parent immediately after becoming aware
of any matter that may in any way raise a conflict of interest between the Executive and the Parent and/or the Company. For the avoidance
of doubt, nothing in this Section 1.3 shall degrade from the Executive s obligation to continue observing all of his undertakings under
this Agreement in their entirety, including, without limitation, his obligations of confidentiality and non-disclosure. 

1.4 Duties . The Executive s services hereunder shall be
provided on the basis of the following terms and conditions: 

(a) The Executive shall report to the Board of Directors of the
Parent (the Board ). 

(b) The Executive shall serve as President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company and the Parent, providing the full benefit of his knowledge, expertise, technical skill and ingenuity, in all
matters involved in or relating to the business thereof, all subject to any applicable law and to instructions provided by the Board
from time to time. 

(c) The Executive shall faithfully, honestly and diligently serve
the Company and the Parent and cooperate with the Company and the Parent and utilize his professional skills and care to ensure that
all services rendered hereunder are to the satisfaction of the Company and the Parent, acting reasonably, and the Executive shall provide
any other services not specifically mentioned herein, but which by reason of the Executive s capability the Executive knows or ought
to know to be necessary to ensure that the best interests of the Company and the Parent are maintained. 

(d) The Executive shall assume, obey, implement and execute such
duties, directions, responsibilities, procedures, policies and lawful orders as may be determined or given from time to time by the Board. 

(e) The Executive shall report the results of his duties hereunder
to the Board as it may request from time to time. 

(f) The Executive shall not, without the prior written authorization
of the Parent and the Company, directly or indirectly undertake any other employment, whether as an employee of another employer or independently
as an agent, consultant, director or in any other manner (whether for compensation or otherwise) and shall not assume any position or
render services in any of the above-stated manners to any other entity or person. 

(g) The Executive undertakes to fulfill the responsibilities described
in this Agreement and assist the Parent and the Company, their affiliates, subsidiaries, related corporations and parent company now
or hereafter existing (collectively, Affiliates and to make himself available to them, during the employment period
and even after the termination of his employment relations with the Company, for any reason, in any matter which the Parent or the Company
may reasonably request his assistance, including for the purpose of providing any information relating to his work or actions taken by
him and including in the framework of disputes (including legal or quasi-legal proceedings). If the Parent or the Company requires the
Executive s services after the termination of the employment relations with him, for any reason, it shall reimburse the Executive for
his expenses in connection with performing the provisions of this Section. 

(h) The Executive shall not receive any payment and/or benefit
from any third party, directly or indirectly, in connection with his employment with the Company. In the event the Executive breaches
this Sub-section, without derogating from any of the Company s right by law or contract, such benefit or payment shall become the
sole property of the Company and the Company may set-of such amount from any sums due to the Executive. 

(i) The Executive acknowledges that the Company is committed to
the restrictions as mentioned in the Prevention of Sexual Harassment Law, 1998, and that sexual harassment is a severe disciplinary offence. 

(j) The Executive undertakes not to make improper use of computer,
computer devices, internet and/or e-mails, including (but not limited to) use of illegal software or the receipt and/or transfer of pornographic
material, and/or any other material that is not connected with his work and may be harmful to the Company, other employees or any other
third party, as further detailed in the Company s policy as may be amended from time. The current policy is attached hereto as Annex
A . 

(k) The Executive acknowledges and agrees that personal information
related to him and the Executive s terms of employment at the Company, as shall be received and held by the Company will be held and
managed by the Company, and that the Company shall be entitled to transfer such information to third parties, in Israel or abroad. The
information will be collected, retained, used, and transferred for legitimate business purposes and to the reasonable and necessary scope
only, including: human resources management, business management and customer relations, assessment of potential transactions and relating
to such transactions, compliance with law and other requests and requirements from government authorities and audit, compliance checks
and internal investigations. 

2 

2. COMPENSATION
 and additional TERMS 

2.1 Salary . For services rendered by the Executive during
the Term, as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Parent, the Executive shall be paid a monthly salary, as
follows: 

(a) The Executive shall be entitled to a gross monthly amount
of NIS 46,901 (the Salary ). 

(b) As mentioned above, the Executive s positions are of a management
or those requiring a special degree of personal trust, and the Company and the Parent is not able to supervise the number of working
hours of the Executive; therefore the provisions of the Israeli Hours of Work and Rest Law - 1951, will not apply to the Executive and
he will not be entitled to any additional remuneration whatsoever for his work with the exception of that specifically set out in this
Agreement. 

(c) The aforementioned Salary and the fringe benefits that are
described below constitute the overall consideration for the Executive s work and in view of his position and status, and he shall
not be entitled to any additional consideration, of any form, for his work including during additional and overtime hours and on weekends
or holidays, insofar as required. The Salary will be paid to the Executive in accordance with the Company s normal and reasonable pay-roll
practices, no later than the 9th day of each month. Any payment or benefit under this Agreement (including any bonuses or the like),
other than the Salary, shall not be considered as a salary for any purpose whatsoever, and the Executive shall not maintain or claim
otherwise. 

(d) Executive s Salary and other benefits shall be annually
reviewed by the Board based on his and the Parent s performance, all at the Board s sole and absolute discretion. 

2.2 Company Vehicle . The Executive shall be entitled to
the use of a vehicle, as shall be determined by the Company and/or the Parent (the Car ). The Company shall incur all
reasonable expenses associated with use of the Car, including fuel expenses, however excluding personal traffic fines, and the Executive
hereby authorizes the Company to deduct any such amount from any amount owing to him thereby, including from the Salary. The use of the
Car shall be in accordance with the provisions of the Company s car internal procedures, as may be amended from time to time by the Company
and the Executive hereby authorizes the Company to deduct any amount that needs to be deducted according to such internal procedures
from any amount owing to him thereby, including from the Salary. The Executive shall receive a monthly amount reflecting the gross up
of the tax due as a result of the use and maintenance of the Car. The Car will be returned to the Company by the Executive immediately
upon termination of Executive s employment by the Company, for any reason whatsoever, or upon any request by the Company at any time.
The Car is in lieu of travel expenses from Executive s premises to work and back in accordance with the law. Should the Executive
not use a Car as described in this section 2.2, he will be entitled to a gross monthly amount of NIS 4,500 (instead of statutory travel
expenses from home to the office and back). 

2.3 Expenses . The Executive will be reimbursed by the
Company for pre-approved business expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with his duties, and in accordance with Company s
policy. 

2.4 Vacation; Sick Leave and Recreation Pay . The Executive
shall be entitled to 24 vacation days per year. The Executive shall be entitled to accrue a maximum of 24 vacation days (the Maximum ).
Any days accrued beyond the Maximum shall be erased. In addition, Executive shall be entitled to sick leave and Recreation Pay according
to applicable law. Executive shall be entitled to cash redemption of vested vacation only upon termination of his employment. 

2.5 Additional Benefits . The Executive shall be entitled to the use of a Company paid mobile phone,
according to the Company s policies and instructions, as amended from time to time. In addition, the Executive shall be entitled to the
use of a Company owned laptop computer, according to the Company s policies and instructions, as amended from time to time. The Executive
shall bear any tax payments resulting from the aforesaid, to the extent applicable. 

2.6 Deductions . The Executive acknowledges that all payments by the Company in respect of the services
provided by the Executive shall be subject to the deduction of any amount which the Company as an employer is required to deduct or withhold
from the Salary or other payments to an executive in accordance with statutory requirements (including, without limitation, income tax,
employee contributions and unemployment insurance contributions). 

3 

2.7 Bonus . The appropriate organ of the Parent shall consider granting the Executive a bonus for each
then-outgoing calendar year and salary and compensation increases for each then-incoming calendar year in amounts to be determined by
the Board (or a duly authorized Committee thereof) at least once every calendar year in line with other Executives. 

2.8 Equity . The appropriate organ of the Parent shall consider granting the Executive equity in amounts
to be determined by the Board (or a duly authorized Committee thereof) at least once every calendar year in line with other Executives. 

3. Social Insurance and
 Benefits 

3.1 The Executive shall be entitled to a pension arrangement, a Managers Insurance Policy (the Policy and/or Pension Fund (the Pension Fund as follows: 

The Company shall
contribute 8.33 of the Salary for severance compensation (the Severance Contribution ). 

In addition, the Company
shall contribute 6.5 of the Salary for pension compensation (Tagmulim) towards Policy/Pension Fund. 

In the event that
the Executive chooses a Policy arrangement, the pension compensation (Tagmulim) shall include the Company s payment for purchase of disability
insurance coverage sufficient to secure 75 of the Salary; provided that the Company s contributions solely for pension compensation (Tagmulim)
shall be not less than 5 and subject to the consent of the insurance company to insure the Executive. For the avoidance of any doubt,
in the event that the cost to the Company shall be more than the required contributions rates towards pension compensation (6.5 as described
above) due to the cost of the disability insurance, the total cost of the Company s contributions to pension compensation and disability
insurance collectively shall not exceed 7.5 of the Salary. 

The Company shall
deduct from the Salary the Executive s contributions for pension compensation (Tagmulim) in an amount of 6 of the Salary towards Policy/Pension
Fund. 

Any tax liability
in connection with pension arrangement shall be borne solely by the Executive. 

The Executive agrees
and acknowledges that the Company s Severance Contribution in accordance with the foregoing, shall be in lieu of 100 of the severance
payment to which the Executive (or his beneficiaries) shall be entitled with respect to the Salary and the contributions were made and
for the period in which they were made, pursuant to Section 14 of the Severance Pay Law, 1963 (the Severance Law in accordance with the instructions of The General Approval Regarding Employers Payments to Pension Fund and Insurance
Fund Instead of Severance Pay (the General Approval , a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
A ), as amended from time to time in case the Executive chooses a Policy and in the event that the Executive chooses a Pension
Fund arrangement in accordance with Sections 7 and 9 to the Extension Order General Insurance Pension In The Israeli Market. 

The Company hereby
waives any of its rights to refund monies from the payments it transfers to the Policy/Pension Fund in accordance with this Section, unless
the Executive s right to severance pay is denied by virtue of a court order, under Sections 16 or 17 of the Severance Law, and in the
same amount which was denied, or the Executive withdraws monies from the Policy and/or the Pension Fund not due to a Granting Event. The
term Granting Event shall mean death, disability or retirement at the age of sixty or more. 

3.2 Keren Hishtalmut . The Company shall make monthly contributions on the Employee s behalf to a recognized
advanced study fund (the Fund Keren Hishtalmut )) in an amount equal to 7.5 of the Salary. In addition,
the Company shall deduct 2.5 from the Salary and transfer those monies to the Study Fund; such contributions shall be subject to the
maximum amount stated in Section 3(e) of the Income Tax Ordinance 1961. For the avoidance of any doubt, said contributions shall not exceed
the tax-exempt ceiling set by the applicable law for tax purposes. 

3.3 Liability Insurance . The Company and Parent shall provide the Executive (including his heirs, executors
and administrators) with coverage under a standard directors and officers liability insurance policy at the Company s expense. 

4 

4. CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION
 AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

The
Executive agrees to be bound by, and shall have executed and delivered to the Company, the Proprietary Information, Non-Compete and Protection
of Intellectual Property Undertaking, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto. 

4.1 Fiduciary Obligation . The Executive declares that the Executive s relationship to the Company is
that of fiduciary, and the Executive agrees to act towards the Company and otherwise behave as a fiduciary of the Company. 

4.2 Remedies . The parties to this Agreement recognize that any violation or threatened violation by
the Executive of any of the provisions contained in this Article 4 may result in immediate and
irreparable damage to the Company and that the Company could not adequately be compensated for such damage by monetary award alone. Accordingly,
the Executive agrees that in the event of any such violation or threatened violation, the Company shall, in addition to any other remedies
available to the Company at law or in equity, be entitled as a matter of right to apply to such relief by way of restraining order, temporary
or permanent injunction and to such other relief as any court of competent jurisdiction may deem just and proper. 

4.3 Reasonable Restrictions . The Executive agrees that all restrictions in this Article 4
are reasonable and valid, and all defenses to the strict enforcement thereof by the Company are hereby waived by the Executive. 

5. Termination 

5.1 Termination For Cause or Disability . This Agreement may be terminated at any time by the Company
without notice, for Cause or in the event of the Disability of Executive. For the purposes of this Agreement, Cause 
shall mean circumstances upon the occurrence of which the Executive would not be entitled to severance pay according to the Severance
Law, and shall also means that the Executive shall have: 

(a) committed an act of fraud, embezzlement or theft in connection with the Executive s duties or in the course
of the Executive s employment with the Company; 

(b) intentionally and wrongfully damaged property of the Company, or any of its affiliates, associates or
customers; 

(c) intentionally or wrongfully disclosed any of the Confidential Information (as such term is defined in
 Exhibit B hereto); 

(d) made material personal benefit at the expense of the Company without the prior written consent of the
Board of Directors of the Parent; 

(e) accepted shares or options or any other gifts or benefits from a vendor without the prior written consent
of the Board of Directors of the Parent; 

(f) fundamentally breached any of the Executive s material covenants contained in this Agreement; or 

5 

(g) willfully and persistently, without reasonable justification, failed or refused to follow the lawful and
proper directives of the Company specifying in reasonable detail the alleged failure or refusal and after a reasonable opportunity for
the Executive to cure the alleged failure or refusal. 

For the purposes of this Agreement,
an act or omission on the part of the Executive shall not be deemed intentional, if it was due to an error in judgment or
negligence, but shall be deemed intentional if done by the Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that
the act or omission was in the best interests of the Company, or its respective affiliates, associates or customers. 

For the purposes of this Agreement,
 Disability shall mean any physical or mental illness or injury as a result of which Executive remains absent from
work for a period of six (6) successive months, or an aggregate of six (6) months in any twelve (12) month period. Disability shall occur
upon the end of such six-month period. 

5.2 Termination Without Cause . Either the Executive or the Company may terminate the Executive s employment
without Cause, for any reason whatsoever, with 140 days prior written notice. 

5.3 The Notice Period . 

(a) During the period following the notice of termination (the Notice Period ), Executive
shall cooperate with the Company and use his best efforts to assist the integration into the Company s organization of the person or persons
who will assume Executive s responsibilities, and shall act according to the instructions of the Company. 

(b) During the Notice Period, the Executive shall continue to perform his duties until the conclusion of the
Notice Period. Nevertheless, the Company shall be entitled, but not obligated, at any time prior to the expiration of the Notice Period,
at its sole discretion: (i) to waive the Executive s actual work during the Notice Period, or to reduce the scope of the Executive s work
hours, while continuing to pay the Executive his regular payments and benefits until the completion of the Notice Period; or (ii) terminate
this Employment Agreement and the employment relationship, at any time prior to the expiration of the Notice Period, and pay a cash equivalent
to his Salary and benefits for the remainder of the Notice Period as a payment in lieu of prior notice in accordance with the law; provided,
however that any vesting of Parent s equity that would have occurred during the Notice Period but for the Company s decision to
shorten the Notice Period pursuant to this Section 5.3(b)(ii), shall not be affected and such equity shall continue to vest as if the
Notice Period was not terminated prior to its original expiration date. 

(c) It is hereby expressly stated that the Company reserves the right to terminate the Executive s employment
at any time during the Notice Period, regardless of whether notice of termination of employment was delivered by the Company or whether
such notice was delivered by the Executive. In the latter case, such termination shall not constitute a dismissal of the Executive by
the Company. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may terminate the Executive s employment without the
delivery of prior written notice, in the event of termination under circumstances as described in Section 5.1 above. 

(e) In the event that the Executive terminates his employment with the Company, for any reason, without the
delivery of a written notice in accordance with Section 5.2 above, or without the completion of the Notice Period or any part thereof,
the Company will be entitled to deduct from any debt which it may owe the Executive an amount equal to the salary that would have been
paid to the Executive during the Notice Period, had he worked. 

6 

5.4 Return of Materials . Upon termination of employment hereunder, or upon any request by the Company
at any time, the Executive will return or cause to be returned any and all Confidential Information and other assets of the Company (including
all originals and copies thereof), which assets include, without limitation, hardware, software, keys, security cards and
backup tapes that were provided to the Executive either for the purpose of performing the employment services hereunder or for any other
reason. The Executive acknowledges that the Confidential Information and the assets are proprietary to the Company, and the Executive
agrees to return them to the Company in the same condition as the Executive received such Confidential Information and assets. In addition,
immediately upon the termination of his employment with the Company (for any reason) or at such other time as directed by the Company,
following coordination with the Company s IT persons, he shall delete any information relating to the Company or its business from his
personal computer, if any. 

5.5 Effect of Termination . Articles 4 and Exhibit B 
hereto shall remain in full force and effect after termination of this Agreement, for any reason whatsoever. 

6. Mutual Representations 

6.1 Executive represents and warrants to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the fulfillment of the terms hereof (i) will not constitute a default under or conflict with any agreement or other instrument to which
he is a party or by which he is bound, and (ii) do not require the consent of any person or entity. 

6.2 The Company represents and warrants to Executive that this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed
and delivered by the Company and that the fulfillment of the terms hereof (i) will not constitute a default under or conflict with any
agreement of other instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, and (ii) do not require the consent of any person of entity. 

6.3 Each party hereto warrants and represents to the other that this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding
obligation of such party enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium
and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless
if enforcement is sought in proceeding in equity or at law). 

7. Notices 

7.1 Notices . All notices required or allowed to be given under this Agreement shall be made either
personally by delivery to or by facsimile transmission to the address as hereinafter set forth or to such other address as may be designated
from time to time by such party in writing: 

(a) in the case of the Company, to: 

Oramed Ltd. 
 20 Mamilla Ave. 

 PO Box 39098 

 Jerusalem 

 Israel Fax: +972-2-566-0004 

(b) and in the case of the Executive, to the Executive s last residence address known to the Company. 

7 

7.2 Change of Address . Any party may, from time to time, change its address for service hereunder by
written notice to the other party in the manner aforesaid. 

8. GENERAL 

8.1 Entire Agreement . As of from the date hereof, any and all previous agreements, written or oral
between the parties hereto or on their behalf relating to the employment of the Executive by the Company are null and void. The parties
hereto agree that they have expressed herein their entire understanding and agreement concerning the subject matter of this Agreement
and it is expressly agreed that no implied covenant, condition, term or reservation or prior representation or warranty shall be read
into this Agreement relating to or concerning the subject matter hereof or any matter or operation provided for herein. 

8.2 Personal Agreement . The provisions of this Agreement are in lieu of the provisions of any collective
bargaining agreement, and therefore, no collective bargaining agreement shall apply with respect to the relationship between the parties
hereto (subject to the applicable provisions of law). 

8.3 Further Assurances . Each party hereto will promptly and duly execute and deliver to the other party
such further documents and assurances and take such further action as such other party may from time to time reasonably request in order
to more effectively carry out the intent and purpose of this Agreement and to establish and protect the rights and remedies created or
intended to be created hereby. 

8.4 Waiver . No provision hereof shall be deemed waived and no breach excused, unless such waiver or
consent excusing the breach is made in writing and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver or consent. A waiver by a party
of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of a further breach of the same provision. 

8.5 Amendments in Writing . No amendment, modification or rescission of this Agreement shall be effective
unless set forth in writing and signed by the parties hereto. 

8.6 Assignment . Except as herein expressly provided, the respective rights and obligations of the Executive
and the Company under this Agreement shall not be assignable by either party without the written consent of the other party and shall,
subject to the foregoing, enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Executive and the Company and their permitted successors or
assigns. Nothing herein expressed or implied is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto any rights, remedies, obligations
or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement. 

8.7 Severability . In the event that any provision contained in this Agreement shall be declared invalid,
illegal or unenforceable by a court or other lawful authority of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed not to affect
or impair the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall continue to have full force and effect. 

8.8 Headings . The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall
not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

8.9 Number and Gender . Wherever the singular or masculine or neuter is used in this Agreement, the
same shall be construed as meaning the plural or feminine or a body politic or corporate and vice versa where the context so requires. 

8.10 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be exclusively construed and interpreted in accordance with
the laws of the State of Israel applicable therein, and each of the parties hereto expressly agrees to the jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of Israel. The sole and exclusive place of jurisdiction in any matter arising out of or in connection with this Agreement
shall be the applicable Tel-Aviv court. 

8.11 Enurement . This Agreement is intended to bind and enure to the benefit of the Company, its successors
and assigns, and the Executive and the personal legal representatives of the Executive. 

8.12 This Agreement shall be deemed due notification regarding the Executive s employment terms in accordance
with the provisions of the Notice to Executive and to Candidate (Employment Terms and Screening and Acceptance to Work Proceedings) Law,
2002 and the regulations thereunder. 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Employment Agreement as of the date first written above. 

Oramed Ltd. 

/s/ David Silberman 
 
 /s/ Nadav Kidron 
 
 David Silberman, CFO 
 
 Nadav Kidron, Executive 

9 

10 

EXHIBIT B 

PROPRIETARY INFORMATION, NON-COMPETE AND
PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY UNDERTAKING 

(The Undertaking 

This undertaking is Exhibit B to the Employment
Agreement made effective as of November 1, 2022 by and between Nadav Kidron, residing in Jerusalem, Israel (the Executive and Oramed Ltd. (the Employment Agreement ). 

The Executive warrants and undertakes that during
his/her relationship with the Company and thereafter, he/she shall maintain in complete confidence any matters that relate to the Company
(together with its Affiliates shall be defined as the Company ), its affairs or business, including regarding the
terms and conditions of his/her employment, and that he/she shall not harm its goodwill or reputation, and he/she agrees to the provisions
of the confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation and intellectual property clauses as specified below. 

For avoidance of any doubt, it is hereby clarified
that the Executive s obligations and representations and the Company s rights under this Undertaking shall apply retroactively as of the
commencement of the parties engagement, regardless of the date of execution of this Undertaking. 

The Executive s obligations pursuant to this Undertaking
derive from his/her status and his/her position in the Company, along with all matters connected therewith, and the terms and conditions
of the Executive s employment pursuant to the Employment Agreement, including his/her compensation and benefits, have been determined
in part, inter alia, in consideration of this undertaking and constitute sufficient consideration for his/her obligations hereunder. 

1. Confidentiality 

1.1 The Executive undertakes to maintain the Confidential Information (as defined below) of the Company during
the term of his/her engagement with the Company and after the termination of such, for any reason. The Executive acknowledges that the
Confidential Information constitutes a proprietary right, which the Company is entitled to protect. 

1.2 Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, the Executive hereby agrees that he/she shall
not, directly or indirectly, disclose or transfer to any person or entity, at any time, either during or subsequent to his/her engagement
with the Company, any trade secrets or other confidential information, whether patentable or not, of the Company, including but not limited
to, any (i) processes, formulas, trade secrets, innovations, inventions, discoveries, improvements, research or development and test results,
survey, specifications, data and know-how; (ii) marketing plans, business plans, strategies, forecasts, unpublished financial information,
budgets, projections, product plans and pricing; (iii) personnel information, including organizational structure, salary, and qualifications
of employees; (iv) customer and supplier information, including identities, product sales and purchase history or forecasts and agreements;
and (v) any other information which is not known to the public (collectively, Confidential Information ), of which
the Executive is or becomes informed or aware during his/her engagement period with the Company, whether or not developed by the Executive. 

11 

Exceptions. The
general prohibition contained in Sections 1.1 and 1.2 against the unauthorized disclosure, use or dissemination of the Confidential Information
shall not apply in respect of any Confidential Information that: (i) is available to the public generally in the form disclosed; (ii)
becomes part of the public domain through no fault of the Executive; (iii) is already in the lawful possession of the Executive at the
time of receipt of the Confidential Information, as can be proven by written documentation; or (iv) is compelled by applicable law to
be disclosed, provided that the Executive gives the Company prompt written notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure and provides
assistance in obtaining an order protecting the Confidential Information from public disclosure. 

1.3 The Executive undertakes not to directly or indirectly give or transfer, directly or indirectly, to any
person or entity, any material, raw material, product, part of a product, model, document or other information storage media, or any photocopied,
printed or duplicated object containing any or all of the Confidential Information. 

1.4 The Executive undertakes, that the Company may receive from third parties confidential or proprietary
information Third Party Information subject to a duty on the Company s part to maintain the confidentiality of such
information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. During the term of the Executive s relationship with the Company, and thereafter,
the Executive will hold Third Party Information in the strictest confidence and will not disclose to anyone (other than Company personnel
who need to know such information in connection with their work for the Company) or use, except solely for the purpose of and in connection
with his/her work for the Company, Third Party Information unless expressly authorized by the Company in writing. 

1.5 During the Executive s relationship with the Company the Executive shall not improperly use or disclose
any confidential information or trade secrets, if any, of any former employer or any other person to whom the Executive has an obligation
of confidentiality, and the Executive did not and will not bring onto the premises of the Company any unpublished documents or any property
belonging to any former employer or any other person to whom he/she has an obligation of confidentiality unless consented to in writing
by that former employer or person. 

1.6 In the event the Executive is in breach of any of his/her above obligations, he/she shall be liable to
compensate the Company in respect of all damages or expenses incurred by the Company as a result of such breach, including trial costs
and legal fees and statutory VAT, without derogating from any other relief or remedy available to the Company by virtue of any law. 

2. Non-Competition/Non-Solicitation 

The Executive undertakes that during
the period of his/her engagement with the Company and for a period of (12) months following termination of his/her engagement with the
Company, for any reason: 

2.1 He shall not, anywhere in the world, do business, as an employee, independent contractor, consultant or
otherwise, and shall not directly or indirectly participate in or accept any position, proposal or job offer that may directly or indirectly
compete with or harm the Company, or in the field in which the Company engages, is engaged or the Company contemplates in good faith to
be materially engaged in within six (6) months thereafter, provided that the Company has taken demonstrable actions to promote such engagement
or that the Company s Board of Directors has adopted a resolution authorizing such actions prior to the date of termination(the Competitive
Occupation ); provided, however, that Executive may own securities of any corporation which is engaged in such business and is
publicly owned and traded but in an amount not to exceed at any one time one percent (1 of any class of stock or securities of such
company, so long as he has no active role in the publicly owned and traded company as director, employee, consultant or otherwise. 

2.2 Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, the Executive undertakes not to maintain any
business relations of any type whatsoever, including a proposal to conduct business relations, directly or indirectly, with any of the
Company s customers, suppliers or agents, including customers, suppliers or agents with whom the Company conducted negotiations towards
an agreement at the time of the termination of his/her employment with the Company or prior thereto. 

2.3 In addition, the Executive undertakes not to approach, solicit or recruit any employee of the Company
or any consultant, service provider, agent, distributor, customer or supplier of the Company, to terminate, reduce or modify the scope
of such person s engagement with the Company. 

12 

2.4 The foregoing shall apply irrespective of whether the Competitive Occupation is carried out by the Executive
alone or in cooperation with others and shall apply to the participation of the Executive in a Competitive Occupation, whether as a controlling
shareholder or as an interested party. 

3 Intellectual Property, Copyright and Patents 

3.1 The Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Company exclusively owns and shall own all right,
title and interest in and to any work, products, processes, materials, inventions, texts, algorithms, designs, sketches, ideas or discoveries,
all derivatives, enhancements or improvements thereof and any and all Intellectual Property Rights associated therewith, created, conceived
made or discovered by the Executive (whether solely or jointly with others) during the term of employment; or in connection therewith;
or in connection with the Company, its business (actual or contemplated), products, technology or know how Company IPR ).
 Intellectual Property Rights means all worldwide (a) patents, patent applications, designs and patent rights; (b) rights
associated with works of authorship, including, but not limited to, copyrights, copyrights applications, copyrights restrictions, mask
work rights, mask work applications and mask work registrations; (c) rights relating to the protection of trade secrets and confidential
information; (d) moral rights, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, trade dress and goodwill; (e) rights analogous to those
set forth herein and any other proprietary rights relating to intangible property including ideas; and (f) divisions, continuations, renewals,
reissues and extensions of the foregoing (as applicable) now existing or hereafter filed, issued, or acquired. 

3.2 The Executive acknowledges and agrees that all Company IPR and all modifications, derivatives and enhancements
thereof belong to, and shall be the sole property of, the Company (or its designees) upon creation thereof. The Executive hereby irrevocably
assigns to the Company or its designee and shall assign all right, title and interest the Executive may have or may acquire in and to
Company IPR upon its creation. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that no rights relating to any Company IPR are reserved to Executive. 

The Executive will assist the Company,
upon Company s first request, to obtain, and from time to time enforce, any Company IPR worldwide, including without limitation, executing,
verifying and delivering such documents and performing such other acts as the Company may reasonably request for use in applying
for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining and enforcing such Company IPR. Such obligation shall remain in effect beyond the termination
of the Executive s relationship with the Company, all for no additional consideration, provided that Executive shall not be required to
bear any expenses as a result of such assignment. In the event the Company is unable for any reason, after reasonable effort, to secure
Executive s signature on any document required, Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized
officers and agents as its agent and attorney in fact to act for and on its behalf to further the above purposes. 

3.3 The Executive irrevocably confirms that the consideration explicitly set forth in the employment agreement
between the Executive and the Company is inclusive of any and all rights for compensation that may arise in connection with the Company
IPR under applicable law and the Executive irrevocably waives any legal right he/she may have in connection with the Company IPR, including
without limitation any right, moral rights or right to claim royalties or any other additional consideration from the Company with regard
to the assigned Company IPR, including without limitation, in respect of Section 134 of the Patent Law 5727-1967 or other applicable laws.
The foregoing waiver relates to any claims or demands whatsoever, whether in the present, past or future, and whether under contract or
other legal or equitable theory. 

13 

3.4 The Executive represents and warrants that upon execution hereof, he/she has not created and does not
have any right, title or interest in and to any Intellectual Property Rights related, similar to and/or required for Company s business,
products or Intellectual Property Rights Prior Inventions ). The Executive undertakes not to incorporate any Prior
Inventions or third party s Intellectual Property Rights (including of a former employer) in any Company IPR. 

3.5 The Executive undertakes to immediately inform and deliver IN WRITING to the Company, written notice of
any Company IPR conceived or invented by him or personnel of the Company or its successors who are subordinate to him, immediately upon
the discovery thereof. 

3.6 The Executive s obligations pursuant to this Section 3 shall survive the termination of his/her employment
with the Company or its successors and assigns with respect to inventions conceived by him during the term of his/her employment or as
a result of his/her employment with the Company. 

4. The Executive acknowledges that the restricted period of time and geographical area as specified hereunder are reasonable, in view of his/her position and the nature of the business in which the Company is engaged, the Executive s knowledge of the Company s business and the compensation he/she receives. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if the period of time or the geographical area specified herein should be determined to be unreasonable in any judicial proceeding, then the period of time and area of the restriction shall be reduced so that this Undertaking may be enforced in such area and during such period of time as shall be determined to be reasonable by such judicial proceeding. The Executive acknowledges that the compensation and benefits granted to him by the Company under the Employment were determined, inter alia, in consideration for his/her obligations under this Undertaking. 

5. This Undertaking, the
rights of the Company hereunder, and the obligations of Employee hereunder, will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of their respective
successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. The Company may assign any of its rights under this
Undertaking. Employee may not assign, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, any of its obligations under this Undertaking, except
with the prior written consent of the Company. 

6. This Undertaking and all rights and duties of the parties hereunder shall be exclusively governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel. The competent courts of the State of Israel, Tel Aviv Jaffa district, shall have the exclusive jurisdiction over the parties with regard to this Undertaking, its execution, interpretation and performance. 

7. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Employment Agreement. 

8. This Undertaking is the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements and discussions between them, oral or written. 

I, NADAV KIDRON, HAVE READ THIS UNDERTAKING CAREFULLY
AND UNDERSTAND ITS TERMS. 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO: 

/s/ Nadav Kidron 

Nadav Kidron 
 
 Date 

14 

ANNEX A 

 Use of computer systems, internet browsing
and company email 

1. It
is strictly forbidden to make use of company 1 
computers, internet browsing or company email for any purposes which are illegal, inappropriate or unsuitable, including accessing inappropriate
or unsuitable websites (such as pornographic websites). it is additionally forbidden to install any programs on company computer systems,
or make use of any such system to transfer materials unrelated to work or detrimental to the company, its clients, employees, or any other
third party. misuse of company computers, internet browsing or company emails may cause considerable harm to the company or other third
parties, as well as the computer systems themselves and their users. if in doubt, please refer to the company IT manager. 

2. We
would like to clarify that the company does not forbid private use of the computer made available to you for work purpose or the office
internet connection, within reasonable bounds, and while always maintaining confidentiality (as set forth in your employment agreement),
without derogating from work requirements and subject to section 1 above. nonetheless, it is important to clarify that due to the nature
of the company computer systems, network operational maintenance requirements, as well as for the implementation of this section 2, the
company may block certain websites from access, and the company IT manager may access any computer on the company network, and accordingly,
any information found on your computer may be exposed to the company IT manager and his/her /her superiors. 

3. The
company provides you with an email account exclusively for professional use as required within the scope of your position in the company.
therefore, the company shall be entitled to monitor and conduct surveillance of the communicated data in any such professional mailbox.
you are aware, and hereby consent that the company shall be permitted to access the contents of such mailbox, should an urgent professional
need arise or in case there is grave concern or reasonable grounds for concern regarding activity which is illegal or harmful to the company
or any third party (including violation of the terms above), or in any other case in accordance with the law. such monitoring shall be
conducted proportionally, in adherence to the goals as stated above, and the information, if aggregated, shall be stored solely for the
period of time required for the purposes as stated above. the monitored information, if and any as such, shall not be transferred to any
third party, excluding the security and support service provider of the company s computer systems, any security and support service provider
which shall replace it in the future, or in accordance with the law, subject to the aforementioned. accordingly, any information found
in the professional electronic mailbox may be accessible to the company, and as such it should be taken into account that any private
use of the professional mailbox should be avoided. at the expiration of your position with the company, any private correspondence saved
in the professional mailbox must be removed (if any such correspondence exists despite the above) and any information found in the professional
mailbox (which should contain solely professional correspondence) shall be exposed to the relevant parties in the company. if you wish
to do so, you may make private use of electronic mail correspondence using a private and external mail service (such as gmail), with which
you may send and receive private correspondence which will not be exposed to the company, and so long as such use is made reasonably and
in adherence to the company policy as stated above. 

4. It
is also clarified that the company may allow other employees and other third parties and use the personal laptop / laptop that is given
to you for your work. since the computer, e-mail, corporate network and internet connection are provided for professional purposes only,
the company has the right to disconnect you from such systems at its sole discretion at any time. without prejudice to the foregoing,
it is prohibited to leave these tools and / or to give access to any of these tools without supervision and / or contrary to the company s
policy. in any case where there is a concern that another party, other than you, has access to these tools (for example, in the event
of password disclosure, theft and / or loss), contact the computer administrator immediately. 

1 All terms not defined
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Employment Agreement. 

15 

5. In
addition, you are to avoid using the internet in general and social networks in particular in a manner that is likely to create the impression
that your private use of the social networks is on behalf of the company and/or in its name. thus, for example, it is forbidden to upload
pictures or other information connected to the company or the company s events or the company s employees, or make use of the company s
name or any insignia in a manner that indicates that your publication is an official publication of the company, as opposed to your private
publication, upon your own authority. in any event of doubt, you may contact the IT manager with any questions. 

6. For
the avoidance of any doubt, the IT manager, anyone acting on his/her behalf, and any other person who has access to the e-mail, computer
and the various folders, are to refrain from any use at all of the information therein, including its publication or any other personal
use, beyond the purposes delineated in this policy, and to keep this information in strictest confidence. 

7. It
is preferable, that during your absence from work, for whatever reason, you leave an orderly out of office email message with
the date of your return and a referral to whomever is substituting for you during the period of your absence. 

8. You
undertake that, at the termination of your employment, you transfer the content of the computer and your email account, as is, to the
IT manager. if you wish to delete personal and private files or to remove them from the computer this shall be done only with
the approval of and in coordination with the IT manager. 

9. After
termination of your employment, the company, by means of the direct supervisor and IT manager, shall be entitled to access your computer,
email account and folders. 

10. You
are required to keep current regarding the company s policy of computer use as will be updated from time to time. 

I hereby read and declare I read this annex A,
understood its provisions and agree thereto. 

/s/ Nadav Kidron 

Nadav Kidron 
 
 Date 

16 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.13>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-13_oramedpharma.htm
 SECOND AMENDMENT, DATED OCTOBER 25, 2022, TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, BY AND BETWEEN ORAMED LTD. AND DAVID SILBERMAN

Exhibit 10.13 

Second Amendment to Employment Agreement 

This Second Amendment to Employment Agreement
(this Second Amendment is entered into as of this 25th day of October 2022 and is effective as of January 1, 2023,
by and between David Silberman , an individual residing in Jerusalem, Israel (the Executive ), and Oramed
Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel, with an address at 20 Mamilla Ave., Jerusalem, Israel 9414904
(the Company ). 

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Executive entered into an employment agreement, dated as of May 23, 2021, as amended effective September 1, 2022 (the Employment
Agreement ); and 

WHEREAS, Company and
the Executive desire to amend the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement to increase the Executive s salary. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the
Company and the Executive agree as follows: 

1. In Section 2.1(a) of the Employment Agreement - Salary ,
the following paragraph is hereby added: 

As of January
1, 2023, the Executive shall be entitled to a gross monthly salary of NIS 47,438 (the Salary ). 

2. Except for the changes and/or additions stated herein, all
the other terms of the Employment Agreement shall remain valid and bind the parties without any change. In the case of a contradiction
between the provisions of this Second Amendment and the provisions of the Employment Agreement, the provisions of this Second Amendment
shall prevail. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Agreement as used in the Employment Agreement
shall be deemed to be the Employment Agreement as amended by this Second Amendment. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Second Amendment to Employment Agreement as of October 25, 2022. 

Oramed Ltd. 

/s/ Nadav Kidron 

Nadav Kidron, CEO 

/s/ David Silberman 

David Silberman 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 6
 f10k2022ex10-14_oramedpharma.htm
 REPRESENTATIVE FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENTS BETWEEN ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND EACH OF OUR DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

Exhibit 10.14 

INDEMNIFICATION
AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
(the Agreement is made and entered into as of ____________ between Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. , a Delaware
corporation (the Company ), and __________ Indemnitee ). 

WHEREAS, highly competent
persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers unless they are provided with adequate protection through
insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and
activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the By-laws and/or
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also
be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL ). The By-laws
and/or Certificate of Incorporation and the DGCL expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive,
and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board of Directors of the Company (the
 Board officers and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined
that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Company s stockholders
and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable,
prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that
they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is
a supplement to and in furtherance of the By-laws and/or Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant
thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of Indemnitee s agreement to serve as an officer and director from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity
of Indemnitee . The Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such
may be amended from time to time. In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings
Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company . Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in
this Section l(a) if, by reason of his Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined), the Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made,
a party to or participant in any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant
to this Section 1(a) , Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses (as hereinafter defined), judgments, penalties, fines
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him, or on his behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim,
issue or matter therein, if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the Indemnitee s
conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings
by or in the Right of the Company . Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section 1(b) 
if, by reason of his Corporate Status, the Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought
by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(b) , Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments,
penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee, or on the Indemnitee s behalf,
in connection with such Proceeding if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or
not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses
shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged to be liable
to the Company unless and to the extent that the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall determine that such indemnification may be made. 

(c) Indemnification
for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that
Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a party to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, he shall
be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses, judgments, penalties,
fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is
not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues
or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or
on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section and without limitation,
the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful
result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

2. Additional
Indemnity . In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in Section 1 of this
Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf if, by reason of his Corporate Status, he is,
or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company), including,
without limitation, all liability arising out of the negligence or active or passive wrongdoing of Indemnitee. The only limitation that
shall exist upon the Company s obligations pursuant to this Agreement shall be that the Company shall not be obligated to make any
payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 5 
and 6 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution . 

(a) Whether
or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available in respect of any threatened, pending or completed
Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit or proceeding), the Company
shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute
to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. The Company shall
not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee. 

(b) Without
diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall
elect or be required by law to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding
in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the
amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee
in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee,
who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand,
from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative
benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all
officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in
such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in such
Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which applicable law may require to be
considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are
jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be
determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit or
advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c) The
Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers,
directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

2 

(d) To
the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee
for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether
for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim
relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances
of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or
transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees
and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

3. Indemnification
for Expenses of a Witness . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his
Corporate Status, a witness, or is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests, in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party,
he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. 

4. Advancement
of Expenses . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf
of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt
by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or
after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee
and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses advanced
if it shall ultimately be determined by a final judicial determination (as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been exhausted
or lapsed) that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Any advances and undertakings to repay pursuant to
this Section 4 shall be unsecured and interest free. 

5. Procedures
and Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification . It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee
rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of Delaware. Accordingly,
the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is
entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To
obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what
extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, provided that Indemnitee shall not be required to provide any documentation or information
which is privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request
for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure
of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company
of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests
of the Company. 

(b) Upon
written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 5(a) hereof, a determination with respect
to Indemnitee s entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the
election of Indemnitee, in his sole discretion: (1) by a majority vote of the disinterested directors, even though less than a quorum,
(2) by a majority vote of a committee of disinterested directors designated by a majority vote of the disinterested directors, even though
less than a quorum, (3) if there are no disinterested directors or if a Change of Control shall have occurred after the date hereof, by
Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Indemnitee, or (4) by a simple majority
of the stockholders of the Company voting on the matter. For purposes hereof, disinterested directors are those members of the Board who
are not parties to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

Change of Control shall mean
the occurrence of any of the following: 

(a) any person, as such term is
currently used in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (a person ),
becomes a beneficial owner (as such term is currently used in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the 1934 Act (a Beneficial
Owner of 30 or more of the Voting Stock (as defined below) of the Company; 

3 

(b) the Board of Directors of the Company adopts
any plan of liquidation providing for the distribution of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; 

(c) all or substantially all of the assets or
business of the Company are disposed of in any one or more transactions pursuant to a sale, merger, consolidation or other transaction
(unless the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such sale, merger, consolidation or other transaction beneficially own, directly
or indirectly, in substantially the same proportion as they owned the Voting Stock of the Company, more than fifty percent (50 of the
Voting Stock or other ownership interests of the entity or entities, if any, that succeed to the business of the Company); 

(d) the Company combines with another company
and is the surviving corporation but, immediately after the combination, the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the combination
hold, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or less of the Voting Stock of the combined company; or 

(e) Continuing Directors cease to constitute
at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Voting Stock of any entity
shall mean the issued and outstanding share capital or other securities of any class or classes having general voting power under ordinary
circumstances, in the absence of contingencies, to elect the members of the board of directors (or members of a similar managerial body
if such entity has no board of directors) of such entity. 

Continuing Director means
a director who either was a director of the Company on the Commencement Date or who became a director of the Company subsequent thereto
and whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors
then on the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(c) If
the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof, the Independent
Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 5(c) . The Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board. Indemnitee
may, within 10 days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements
of Independent Counsel as defined in this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with reasonable particularity
the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If
a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until
such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee
of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 5(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not
objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of competent
jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Indemnitee to the Company s selection of Independent
Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall
designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel
under Section 5(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such
Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 5(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and
expenses (including those incurred by Indemnitee) incident to the procedures of this Section 5(c) , regardless of the manner in
which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

(d) In making a determination
with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall presume that
Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of
proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or
Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification
is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company
(including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense
to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

4 

(e) Indemnitee
shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee s action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise
(as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in
the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to
the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise. In addition,
the knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to
Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this
 Section 5(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner
he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that
Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden
of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f) If
the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 5 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification
shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination
of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i)
a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not
materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable
law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if
the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional
time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of
this Section 5(f) shall not apply if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant
to Section 5(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination,
the Board or the Disinterested Directors, if appropriate, resolve to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration
at an annual meeting thereof to be held within sixty (60) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special
meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting
is held for such purpose within forty (40) days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat. 

(g) Indemnitee
shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification,
including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged
or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination.
Any Independent Counsel, member of the Board or stockholder of the Company shall act reasonably and in good faith in making a determination
regarding the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys 
fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be
borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby
indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h) The
Company acknowledges that a settlement or other disposition short of final judgment may be successful if it permits a party to avoid expense,
delay, distraction, disruption and uncertainty. In the event that any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner
other than by adverse judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such Proceeding with or without payment
of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in such Proceeding.
Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The
termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of
nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement)
of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith
and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal
Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

5 

6. Remedies
of Indemnitee . 

(a) In
the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination
of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 5(b) of this Agreement within 30 days after receipt by the Company
of the request for indemnification (subject to extension, as provided in Section 5(f) ), (iv) payment of indemnification is not
made pursuant to this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (v) payment of indemnification
is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such determination
is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate
court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitee s entitlement to such indemnification.
Indemnitee shall commence such proceeding seeking an adjudication within 180 days following the date on which Indemnitee first has the
right to commence such proceeding pursuant to this Section 6(a) . The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee s right to seek
any such adjudication. 

(b) In
the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 5(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled
to indemnification, any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 6 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo
trial on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 5(b) . 

(c) If
a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 5(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 6 , absent (i) a
misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s misstatement not
materially misleading in connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable
law. 

(d) In
the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 6 , seeks a judicial adjudication of his rights under, or to recover damages
for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by
the Company, the Company shall pay on his behalf, in advance within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement from
Indemnitee requesting such payment, any and all expenses (of the types described in the definition of Expenses in this Agreement) actually
and reasonably incurred by him in such judicial adjudication, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled
to such indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance recovery. 

(e) The
Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 6 that the procedures and
presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound
by all the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee,
shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefore) advance, to the extent not prohibited by law,
such expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee for indemnification
or advance of Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained
by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement of Expenses
or insurance recovery, as the case may be. 

(f) Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required
to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

6 

7. Non-Exclusivity;
Survival of Rights; Insurance; Primacy of Indemnification; Subrogation . 

(a) The
rights of indemnification as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which
Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-laws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders,
a resolution of directors of the Company, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof
shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his
Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial
decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and this Agreement,
it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change.
No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be
cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise.
The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of
any other right or remedy. 

(b) To
the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees,
or agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise that such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance
with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under
such policy or policies. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company has directors 
and officers liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such proceeding to the insurers
in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action
to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with the
terms of such policies. 

(c) In
the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery
of Indemnitee (other than against the Outside Indemnitors), who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure
such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(d) The
Company hereby acknowledges that the Indemnitee may have other sources of indemnification or insurance, whether currently in force or
established in the future (collectively, the Outside Indemnitors ). The Company hereby agrees: (i) that it is the
indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to the Indemnitee are primary and any obligation of the Outside Indemnitors to advance
expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by the Indemnitee are secondary); (ii) that it shall
be required to advance the full amount of Expenses incurred by the Indemnitee and shall be liable in full for all indemnifiable amounts
to the extent legally permitted and as required by the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws or any agreement between
the Company and the Indemnitee, without regard to any rights the Indemnitee may have against the Outside Indemnitors and (iii) that it
irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the Outside Indemnitors from any and all claims against the Outside Indemnitors for contribution,
subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect thereof. The Company further agrees that no advancement or payment by the Outside
Indemnitors on behalf of the Indemnitee with respect to any claim for which the Indemnitee have sought indemnification from the Company
shall affect the foregoing and the Outside Indemnitors shall have a right of contribution and/or be subrogated to the extent of such advancement
or payment to all of the rights of recovery of the Indemnitee against the Company. The Company and the Indemnitee agree that the Outside
Indemnitors are express third party beneficiaries of the terms hereof. 

(e) The
Company s obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a
director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise
shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

7 

8. Exception
to Right of Indemnification . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement
to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: 

(a) for an accounting of
profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section
16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 

(b) in
connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding)
initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized
the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion,
pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law or (iii) such Proceeding is brought by Indemnitee to assert, interpret
or enforce his rights under this Agreement. 

9. Duration
of Agreement . All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee is an officer
or director of the Company (or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise) and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any Proceeding
(or any proceeding commenced under Section 6 hereof) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting or serving
in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors
(including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business
or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives. 

10. Security .
To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to
Indemnitee for the Company s obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral.
Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee. 

11. Enforcement . 

(a) The
Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumes the obligations imposed on it hereby in order
to induce Indemnitee to serve as an officer or director of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this
Agreement in serving as an officer or director of the Company. 

(b) This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(c) The Company shall not
seek from a court, or agree to, a bar order which would have the effect of prohibiting or limiting the Indemnitee s rights
to receive advancement of expenses under this Agreement. 

8 

12. Definitions .
For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Corporate
Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or any
subsidiary thereof or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such
person is or was serving at the express written request of the Company. 

(b) Disinterested
Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification
is sought by Indemnitee and who is not subject to any other relationship that may reasonably prejudice such director s determination as
to the Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification hereunder. 

(c) Enterprise 
shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee
is or was serving at the express written request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary. 

(d) Expenses 
shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses,
duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees and all other disbursements or expenses
of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating,
or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery in any Proceeding.
Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding and any federal, state, local
or foreign taxes imposed on the Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, including
without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersede as bond, or other appeal bond or its
equivalent. 

(e) Independent
Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently
is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party
(other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification
agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then
prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s
rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify
such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement
pursuant hereto. 

(f) Proceeding 
includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry,
administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise
and whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or otherwise,
by reason of his or his Corporate Status, by reason of any action taken by him or of any inaction on his part while acting in his Corporate
Status; in each case whether or not he is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for
which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but excluding
one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement to enforce his rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability .
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable laws. In the event any provision hereof conflicts with any applicable law, such provision shall be deemed
modified, consistent with the aforementioned intent, to the extent necessary to resolve such conflict. 

14. Modification
and Waiver . No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by
both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other
provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

9 

15. Notice
By Indemnitee . Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons,
citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to
indemnification covered hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have
to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

16. Notices .
All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given:
(a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal
business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to Indemnitee at the address
set forth below Indemnitee signature hereto, and to the Company, at its principal executive offices to the attention of the President,
or to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

17. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

18. Headings .
The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this
Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

19. Governing
Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising
out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware
Court ), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii)
consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv)
waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought
in an improper or inconvenient forum. 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Indemnification Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

INDEMNITEE 

Name: 

Address: 

11 

Schedule to Exhibit 10.14 

The following executive officers and directors
are each party to an Indemnification Agreement or Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement with the Company, each of which is substantially
identical in all material respects to the representative Indemnification Agreement filed herewith and is dated as of the respective date
listed below. 

Name of Signatory 
 
 Date 
 
 Nadav Kidron 
 
 March 26, 2017 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Miriam Kidron 
 
 March 26, 2017 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer and Director 

Dr. Arie Mayer, Ph.D. 
 
 December 5, 2019 
 
 Director 

Yadin Rozov 
 
 April 5, 2022 
 
 Director 

Leonard Sank 
 
 January 26, 2017 
 
 Director 

Joshua Hexter 
 
 September 8, 2019 
 
 Chief Operating Business Officer 

David Silberman 
 
 July 4, 2021 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Netanel Derovan 
 
 December 7, 2021 
 
 Chief Legal Officer 

Michael Rabinowitz 
 
 July 25, 2021 
 
 Chief Commercial Officer 

12 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.23>
 7
 f10k2022ex10-23_oramedpharma.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT NOTICE AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.23 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2019 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

 Restricted Stock Unit Notice 

Grantee Name and Address: 
 _________________________________________ 

_________________________________________ 

In accordance with and subject to the Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement, of which this Restricted Stock Unit Notice is a part (which together, constitute the Customizing Information ),
the Company hereby grants to the above named grantee (the Grantee the following Restricted Stock Units. 

Grant Date: 
 ______________________________________ 

Restricted Stock Units Granted: 
 ______________________________________ 

Purchase Price, if any: 
 ______________________________________ 

Total Exercise Price: 
 ______________________________________ 

Form of Settlement: 
 ______________________________________ 

Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Schedule: 

Percentage of Total Restricted Stock Units Vested 
 
 Vesting date 
 Incremental Amount 
 Cumulative Amount 

ACCEPTANCE BY GRANTEE 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement to be issued as of the date set forth above. 

Date: ___________________________ 

(Signature of Grantee) 

Notice Address: 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

a Delaware corporation 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2019 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 

This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the associated
restricted stock unit notice (the Customizing Information ), which Customizing Information is available in written or electronic
form from the Chief Financial Officer of Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), is made as of
the date shown as the Grant Date in the Customizing Information (the Grant Date by and between the Company,
and the individual identified in the Customizing Information (the Grantee ). This instrument and the Customizing Information
is collectively referred to as the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 

WITNESSETH THAT: 

WHEREAS, the Company has instituted the Oramed Pharmaceuticals
Inc. Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and in effect from time to time (the Plan ); and 

WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors has authorized the grant of restricted stock units RSUs with respect to the
Company s common stock, par value 0.012 per share Stock ), upon the terms and conditions set forth below and pursuant
to the Plan, a copy of which is incorporated herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Grantee agree as follows. 

1. Grant . Subject to the terms of the Plan
and this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee that number of restricted stock units RSUs equal to the corresponding number of shares of the Company s Stock (the Underlying Shares shown in the Customizing
Information under Restricted Stock Units Granted. 

2. Vesting . 

(a) Subject to the Continuous Service
(as defined in the Plan) of the Grantee, as of a Vesting Date, as specified in the Customizing Information, and the Grantee
as of such date is not in violation of any confidentiality, inventions and/or non-competition agreement with the Company, all or a portion,
as applicable (the Incremental Amount, as specified in the Customizing Information), of the RSUs shall vest on such date.
For the avoidance of doubt, except as otherwise provided pursuant to the terms of the Plan, if the Grantee s Continuous Service
is terminated by the Company or by the Grantee for any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, no RSUs granted pursuant to this
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall vest under any circumstances on and after the date of such termination. 

(b) The RSUs shall all vest immediately
upon a change in control of the Company, as defined in the Plan. 

(c) The vesting conditions and vesting
schedule may be amended at any time at the Board s discretion in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 

For purposes of this Section
2, the term Company refers to the Company and all Subsidiaries. 

2 

3. Dividends . A Grantee shall be credited
with dividend equivalents equal to the dividends the Grantee would have received if the Grantee had been the actual record owner of the
Underlying Shares on each dividend record date on or after the Grant Date and through the date the Grantee receives a settlement pursuant
to Section 4 below (the Dividend Equivalent ). If a dividend on the stock is payable wholly or partially in stock, the Dividend
Equivalent representing that portion shall be in the form of additional RSUs, credited on a one-for-one basis. If a dividend on the stock
is payable wholly or partially in cash, the Dividend Equivalent representing that portion shall also be in the form of cash and a Grantee
shall be treated as being credited with any cash dividends, without earnings, until settlement pursuant to Section 4 below. If a dividend
on stock is payable wholly or partially in other than cash or stock, the Committee may, in its discretion, provide for such Dividend Equivalents
with respect to that portion as it deems appropriate under the circumstances. Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to the same terms
and conditions as the RSUs originally awarded pursuant to this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, and they shall vest (or, if applicable,
be forfeited) as if they had been granted at the same time as the original RSU award. Dividend Equivalents representing the cash portion
of a dividend on stock shall be settled in cash. 

4. Delivery of Underlying Shares and Dividend
Equivalent Settlement . With respect to any RSUs that become vested RSUs as of a Vesting Date pursuant to Section 2, subject to the
Grantee's delivery of a written notice to the Company, which may be by electronic email (the date of such notice is the Settlement
Date ), and only following the Settlement Date, the Company shall issue and deliver to the Grantee as soon as practicable following
the Settlement Date, (a) the number of Underlying Shares indicated in such written notice and (b) the amount (and in the form) due with
respect to the Dividend Equivalents applicable to such Underlying Shares. The Grantee may request issuance of Underlying Shares with respect
to any vested RSUs in one or more installments, from time to time, provided that the Settlement Date must be on or before the tenth anniversary
of the grant date of the applicable RSUs (the Final Settlement Date ). If the Grantee has not delivered a written notice
regarding settlement on or before the Final Settlement Date, then the RSUs that have not yet been settled shall expire. Additional provisions
set forth the Plan with respect to options, including Section 9 thereof, shall apply to the RSUs mutatis mutandis , as the Company
may determine to be applicable. 

Any shares issued pursuant to this Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement shall be issued, without issue or transfer tax, by delivering a stock certificate or certificates for such shares out of
theretofore authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares of its stock as the Company may elect; provided, however, that the time
of such delivery may be postponed by the Company for such period as may be required for it with reasonable diligence to comply with any
applicable requirements of law. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, delivery of Underlying Shares shall be made only if the required purchase
price designated as the Purchase Price shown in the Customizing Information per underlying RSU is paid to the Company. Such
payment may be made either (i) by means of payment acceptable to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Plan or (ii) by a reduction
in the number of shares of stock, valued at its Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan), issued hereunder equal in each case to the
aggregate Purchase Price due. If the Grantee fails to pay for or accept delivery of all of the shares, the right to shares of stock provided
pursuant to this RSU may be terminated by the Company. 

5. Withholding Taxes . The Grantee hereby
agrees, as a condition of the award of RSUs, to provide to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy the Company s obligation
to withhold federal, state, local and other taxes arising by reason of the issuance, vesting or settlement of RSUs and Dividend Equivalents
(the Withholding Amount ), if any, by (a) authorizing the Company and/or any Subsidiary to withhold the Withholding
Amount from the Grantee s cash compensation or (b) remitting the Withholding Amount to the Company in cash; provided, however, that
to the extent that the Withholding Amount is not provided by one or a combination of such methods, the Company may at its election withhold
from the Underlying Shares and Dividend Equivalents that would otherwise be delivered that number of shares (and/or cash) having a Fair
Market Value on the date of vesting sufficient to eliminate any deficiency in the Withholding Amount; and provided, further, that the
Fair Market Value of shares withheld shall not exceed an amount in excess of the minimum required withholding. 

3 

6. Non-assignability of RSUs and Dividend Equivalents .
RSUs and Dividend Equivalents shall not be assignable or transferable by the Grantee except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution
or as permitted by the Committee in its discretion pursuant to the terms of the Plan. During the life of the Grantee, delivery of shares
of stock and Dividend Equivalents shall be made only to the Grantee, to a conservator or guardian duly appointed for the Grantee by reason
of the Grantee s incapacity or to the person appointed by the Grantee in a durable power of attorney acceptable to the Company s
counsel. 

7. Compliance with Securities Act; Lock-Up Agreement .
The Company shall not be obligated to sell or issue any Underlying Shares or other securities in settlement of RSUs and Dividend Equivalents
hereunder unless the shares of stock or other securities are at that time effectively registered or exempt from registration under the
Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. In the event shares or other securities shall be delivered that shall not be so registered,
the Grantee hereby represents, warrants and agrees that the Grantee will receive such shares or other securities for investment and not
with a view to their resale or distribution, and will execute an appropriate investment letter satisfactory to the Company and its counsel.
The Grantee further hereby agrees that as a condition to the settlement of RSUs and Dividend Equivalents, the Grantee will execute an
agreement in a form acceptable to the Company to the effect that the shares shall be subject to any underwriter s lock-up agreement
in connection with a public offering of any securities of the Company that may from time to time apply to shares held by officers and
employees of the Company, and such agreement or a successor agreement must be in full force and effect. 

8. Legends . The Grantee hereby acknowledges
that the stock certificate or certificates evidencing shares of stock or other securities issued pursuant to any settlement of an RSU
or Dividend Equivalent hereunder may bear a legend setting forth the restrictions on their transferability described in Section 7 hereof,
if such restrictions are then in effect. 

9. Rights as Stockholder . The Grantee shall
have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any RSUs, Dividend Equivalents or Underlying Shares until the date of issuance of a stock
certificate for Underlying Shares and any Dividend Equivalents. Except as provided by Section 3, no adjustment shall be made for any rights
for which the record date is prior to the date such stock certificate is issued, except to the extent the Committee so provides, pursuant
to the terms of the Plan and upon such terms and conditions it may establish. 

10. Termination or Amendment of Plan . The
Board may terminate or amend the Plan at any time. No such termination or amendment will affect rights and obligations under this Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement, to the extent it is then in effect. 

11. Effect Upon Employment and Performance of
Services . Nothing in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or the Plan shall be construed to impose any obligation upon the Company
or any Subsidiary to employ or utilize the services of the Grantee or to retain the Grantee in its employ or to engage or retain the services
of the Grantee. 

12. Time for Acceptance . Unless the Grantee
shall evidence acceptance of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement by electronic or other means prescribed by the Committee within thirty
(30) days after its delivery, the RSUs and Dividend Equivalents shall be null and void (unless waived by the Committee). 

13. Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code .
The RSUs and Dividend Equivalents granted hereunder are intended to avoid the potential adverse tax consequences to the Grantee of Section
409A of the Code, as defined in the Plan, and the Committee may make such modifications to this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable
to avoid such adverse tax consequences. 

14. Adjustment Upon Changes in Capitalization .
Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, the number of Underlying Shares shall be proportionately adjusted for
(i) any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend,
combination or reclassification of the Stock, or similar transaction affecting the Stock, (ii) any other increase or decrease in the number
of issued shares of Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, or (iii) any other transaction with respect to Stock
including a corporate merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, separation (including a spin-off or other distribution
of stock or property), reorganization, liquidation (whether partial or complete) or any similar transaction. 

4 

15. General Provisions . 

(a) Amendment; Waivers . This Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement, including the Plan, contains the full and complete understanding and agreement of the parties hereto as to the subject
matter hereof, and except as otherwise permitted by the express terms of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, it may not
be modified or amended nor may any provision hereof be waived without a further written agreement duly signed by each of the parties;
provided, however, that a modification or amendment that does not materially diminish the rights of the Grantee hereunder, as they may
exist immediately before the effective date of the modification or amendment, shall be effective upon written notice of its provisions
to the Grantee. The waiver by either of the parties hereto of any provision hereof in any instance shall not operate as a waiver of any
other provision hereof or in any other instance. The Grantee shall have the right to receive, upon request, a written confirmation from
the Company of the Customizing Information. 

(b) Binding Effect . This Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators,
representatives, successors and assigns. 

(c) Fractional RSUs, Underlying Shares
and Dividend Equivalents . All fractional Underlying Shares and Dividend Equivalents settled in stock resulting from the application
of the Vesting Schedule or the adjustment provisions contained in the Plan shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. If Dividend
Equivalents are settled in cash, the amount paid shall be rounded down to the nearest penny. 

(d) Governing Law . This Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law. 

(e) Construction . This Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement is to be construed in accordance with the terms of the Plan. In case of any conflict between the Plan and this Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement, the Plan shall control. The titles of the sections of this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and of the Plan are included
for convenience only and shall not be construed as modifying or affecting their provisions. The masculine gender shall include both sexes;
the singular shall include the plural and the plural the singular unless the context otherwise requires. Capitalized terms not defined
herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan. 

(f) Data Privacy . By entering
into this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and except as otherwise provided in any data transfer agreement entered into by the Company,
the Grantee: (i) authorizes the Company, and any agent of the Company administering the Plan or providing Plan recordkeeping services,
to disclose to the Company such information and data as the Company shall request in order to facilitate the administration of the Plan;
(ii) waives any data privacy rights the Grantee may have with respect to such information; and (iii) authorizes the Company to store and
transmit such information in electronic form. For purposes of this Section 14(f), the term Company refers to the Company
and each of its Subsidiaries. 

(g) Notices . Any notice in connection
with this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall be deemed to have been properly delivered if it is delivered in the form specified by
the Committee as follows: 

To the Grantee: 
 Last address provided to the Company 

To the Company: 
 David Silberman CFO 

Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

1185 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10036 

Fax2mail: +972 73 714 6872 

Email: david@oramed.com 

5 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.41>
 8
 f10k2022ex10-41_oramedpharma.htm
 ORAVAX MEDICAL, INC. 2021 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

Exhibit 10. 41 

ORAVAX
MEDICAL, INC. 

 2021 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

The Oravax Medical, Inc. 2021
Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors of Oravax Medical, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company ), effective as of _______________, 2021 (the Effective Date ),
subject to approval by the Company s stockholders . 

Article
1. 

 PURPOSE 

The purpose of the Plan is
to attract and retain the services of key Employees, key Contractors, and Outside Directors of the Company and its Parent and Subsidiaries
and to provide such persons with a proprietary interest in the Company through the granting of Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock
Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalent Rights, Performance
Goals, Tandem Awards, and Other Awards, whether granted singly, or in combination, or in tandem, that will: 

(a) increase
the interest of such persons in the Company s welfare; 

(b) furnish
an incentive to such persons to continue their services for the Company or its Subsidiaries; and 

(c) provide
a means through which the Company may attract able persons as Employees, Contractors, and Outside Directors. 

The Plan is intended serve
as an umbrella plan for the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries. Therefore, if so required, appendices may be added
to the Plan, at the discretion of the Board, for awards granted to individuals who are not resident in the United States in order to accommodate
local regulations that do not correspond to the scope of the Plan. Any such appendices that the Company approves for purposes of using
the Plan for individuals who are not resident in the United States will not affect the terms of the Plan for any other country. 

Attached hereto as Appendix
A is the Oravax Medical, Inc. Israeli Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Israeli Plan ), designated for the purpose
of making grants pursuant to Sections 102 and 3(i) of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version), 1961, to Israeli employees and officers
of the Company (or an Affiliate or Subsidiary) and any other service providers or control holders of the Company (or an Affiliate or Subsidiary)
who are subject to Israeli income tax. 

With respect to Reporting
Participants, the Plan and all transactions under the Plan are intended to comply with all applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3 promulgated
under the Exchange Act. To the extent any provision of the Plan or action by the Committee fails to so comply, such provision or action
shall be deemed null and void ab initio , to the extent permitted by law and deemed advisable by the Committee. 

Article
2. 

 DEFINITIONS 

For the purpose of the Plan,
unless the context requires otherwise, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated: 

2.1 Affiliate 
means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person who directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with such Person, including, without limitation, any general partner, managing member, officer, director or trustee of such Person,
or any private equity fund, venture capital fund or registered investment company now or hereafter existing which is controlled by one
or more general partners, managing members or investment advisers of, or shares the same management company or investment adviser with,
such Person, and any Person that is a brother-sister entity or the Parent of another Person. 

2.2 Applicable
Law means all legal requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans and the issuance and distribution
of shares of Common Stock, if any, under applicable corporate laws, applicable securities laws, the rules of any exchange or inter-dealer
quotation system upon which the Company s securities are listed or quoted, the rules of any foreign jurisdiction applicable to Incentives
granted to residents therein, and any other applicable law, rule or restriction. 

2.3 Authorized
Officer is defined in Section 3.2(b) hereof. 

2.4 Award 
means the grant of any Incentive Stock Option, Nonqualified Stock Option, Restricted Stock, SAR, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Award,
Dividend Equivalent Right or Other Award, whether granted singly or in combination or in tandem (each individually referred to herein
as an Incentive ). 

2.5 Award
Agreement means a written agreement between a Participant and the Company which sets out the terms of the grant of an Award. 

2.6 Award
Period means the period set forth in the Award Agreement during which one or more Incentives granted under an Award may
be exercised. 

2.7 Board 
means the board of directors of the Company. 

2.8 Change
in Control means the occurrence of the event set forth in any one of the following paragraphs, except as otherwise provided
herein: 

(a) any
Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially
owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates) representing fifty percent (50 or more of
the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities, excluding any Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner
in connection with a transaction described in clause (a) of paragraph (c) below; 

(b) the
following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors then serving: individuals who, on the effective
date of this Plan, constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection
with an actual or threatened election contest, including but not limited to a consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors
of the Company) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved
or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3 rds of the directors then still in office who either were directors on
the effective date of this Plan or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended; 

(c) there
is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with any other corporation,
other than (i) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such
merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving
entity or any parent thereof) at least fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the securities of the Company or such surviving
entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (ii) a merger or consolidation effected to
implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including the securities Beneficially Owned by such Person any securities acquired directly
from the Company or its Affiliates other than in connection with the acquisition by the Company or its Affiliates of a business) representing
fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; or 

(d) the
stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is consummated an agreement
for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than a sale or disposition
by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity, at least fifty percent (50 of the combined voting
power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
of the Company immediately prior to such sale. 

- 2 - 

For purposes hereof: 

Affiliate ,
for purposes of this Section 2.8 , shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

Beneficial
Owner shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Person 
shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except
that such term shall not include (i) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under
an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering
of such securities, or (iv) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 2.8 , if an Award issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, then an event shall
not constitute a Change in Control for purposes of such Award under the Plan unless such event also constitutes a change in the Company s
ownership, its effective control or the ownership of a substantial portion of its assets within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 

2.9
 Claim means any claim, liability or obligation of any nature, arising out of or relating to this Plan or an
alleged breach of this Plan or an Award Agreement. 

2.10 Code 
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

2.11 Committee 
means the Committee appointed or designated by the Board to administer the Plan in accordance with Article 3 of this Plan. 

2.12 Common
Stock means the common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, which the Company is currently authorized to issue or may in
the future be authorized to issue, or any securities into which or for which the common stock of the Company may be converted or exchanged,
as the case may be, pursuant to the terms of this Plan. 

2.13 Company 
means Oravax Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor entity. 

2.14 Contractor 
means any natural person, who is not an Employee, rendering bona fide services to the Company or Parent or a Subsidiary or Affiliate
of the Company, with compensation, pursuant to a written independent contractor agreement between such person and the Company or a Subsidiary,
provided that such services are not rendered in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital raising transaction and do
not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company s securities. 

2.15 Corporation 
means any entity that (a) is defined as a corporation under Section 7701 of the Code and (b) is the Company or is in an unbroken chain
of corporations (other than the Company) beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the
unbroken chain owns stock possessing a majority of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations
in the chain. For purposes of clause (b) hereof, an entity shall be treated as a corporation if it satisfies the definition
of a corporation under Section 7701 of the Code. 

2.16 Date
of Grant means the effective date on which an Award is made to a Participant as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement;
provided, however, that solely for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the
Date of Grant of an Award shall be the date of stockholder approval of the Plan if such date is later than the effective date of such
Award as set forth in the Award Agreement. 

- 3 - 

2.17 Dividend
Equivalent Right means the right of the holder thereof to receive credits based on the cash dividends that would have been
paid on the shares of Common Stock specified in the Award if such shares were held by the Participant to whom the Award is made. 

2.18 Employee 
means a common law employee (as defined in accordance with the Regulations and Revenue Rulings then applicable under Section 3401(c) of
the Code) of the Company or Parent or any Subsidiary of the Company or an Affiliate of the Company; provided , however , in
the case of individuals whose employment status, by virtue of their employer or residence, is not determined under Section 3401(c) of
the Code, Employee shall mean an individual treated as an employee for local payroll tax or employment purposes by the applicable
employer under Applicable Law for the relevant period. 

2.19 Exchange
Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

2.20 Exercise
Date is defined in Section 8.3(b) hereof. 

2.21 Exercise
Notice is defined in Section 8.3(b) hereof. 

2.22 Fair
Market Value means, as of a particular date, (a) if the shares of Common Stock are listed on any established national securities
exchange, the closing sales price per share of Common Stock on the consolidated transaction reporting system for the principal securities
exchange for the Common Stock on that date (as determined by the Committee, in its discretion), or, if there shall have been no such sale
so reported on that date, on the last preceding date on which such a sale was so reported; (b) if the shares of Common Stock are not so
listed, but are quoted on an automated quotation system, the closing sales price per share of Common Stock reported on the automated quotation
system on that date, or, if there shall have been no such sale so reported on that date, on the last preceding date on which such a sale
was so reported; (c) if the Common Stock is not so listed or quoted, the mean between the closing bid and asked price on that date, or,
if there are no quotations available for such date, on the last preceding date on which such quotations shall be available, as reported
by the National Association of Securities Dealer, Inc. s OTC Bulletin Board or the Pink OTC Markets, Inc. (previously known as the
National Quotation Bureau, Inc.); or (d) if none of the above is applicable, such amount as may be determined by the Committee (acting
on the advice of an Independent Third Party, should the Committee elect in its sole discretion to utilize an Independent Third Party for
this purpose), in good faith, to be the fair market value per share of Common Stock. The determination of Fair Market Value shall, where
applicable, be in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 

2.23 Immediate
Family Members is defined in Section 15.7 hereof. 

2.24 Incentive 
is defined in Section 2.424 hereof. 

2.25 Incentive
Stock Option means an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, granted pursuant to this Plan. 

2.26 Independent
Third Party means an individual or entity independent of the Company having experience in providing investment banking
or similar appraisal or valuation services and with expertise generally in the valuation of securities or other property for purposes
of this Plan. The Committee may utilize one or more Independent Third Parties. 

2.27 Nonqualified
Stock Option means a nonqualified stock option, granted pursuant to this Plan, which is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

2.28 Option
Price means the price which must be paid by a Participant upon exercise of a Stock Option to purchase a share of Common
Stock. 

2.29 Other
Award means an Award issued pursuant to Section 6.9 hereof. 

2.30 Outside
Director means a director of the Company who is not an Employee or a Contractor. 

2.31 Parent 
means any corporation which is a parent corporation of the Company (within the meaning of Code 424(e)). 

- 4 - 

2.32 Participant 
means an Employee, Contractor or an Outside Director to whom an Award is granted under this Plan. 

2.33 Performance
Award means an Award hereunder of cash, shares of Common Stock, units or rights based upon, payable in, or otherwise related
to, Common Stock pursuant to Section 6.7 hereof. 

2.34 Performance
Goal means any of the Performance Criteria set forth in Section 6.10 hereof. 

2.35 Plan 
means this Oravax Medical, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 

2.36 Reporting
Participant means a Participant who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

2.37 Restricted
Stock means shares of Common Stock issued or transferred to a Participant pursuant to Section 6.4 of this Plan which
are subject to restrictions or limitations set forth in this Plan and in the related Award Agreement. 

2.38 Restricted
Stock Units means units awarded to Participants pursuant to Section 6.6 hereof, which are convertible into Common
Stock at such time as such units are no longer subject to restrictions as established by the Committee. 

2.39 Restriction
Period is defined in Section 6.4(b)(i) hereof. 

2.40 SAR 
or S tock Appreciation Right means the right to receive an amount, in cash and/or Common Stock, equal to the
excess of the Fair Market Value of a specified number of shares of Common Stock as of the date the SAR is exercised (or, as provided in
the Award Agreement, converted) over the SAR Price for such shares. 

2.41 SAR
Price means the exercise price or conversion price of each share of Common Stock covered by a SAR, determined on the Date
of Grant of the SAR. 

2.42 Spread 
is defined in Section 12.4(b) hereof. 

2.43 Stock
Option means a Nonqualified Stock Option or an Incentive Stock Option. 

2.44 Subsidiary 
means (a) any corporation in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the
last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing a majority of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in
one of the other corporations in the chain, (b) any limited partnership, if the Company or any corporation described in item (a) above
owns a majority of the general partnership interest and a majority of the limited partnership interests entitled to vote on the removal
and replacement of the general partner, and (c) any partnership or limited liability company, if the partners or members thereof are composed
only of the Company, any corporation listed in item (a) above or any limited partnership listed in item (b) above. Subsidiaries 
means more than one of any such corporations, limited partnerships, partnerships or limited liability companies. 

2.45 Termination
of Service occurs when a Participant who is (a) an Employee of the Company or any Subsidiary ceases to serve as an Employee
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, for any reason; (b) an Outside Director of the Company or a Subsidiary ceases to serve as a director
of the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason; or (c) a Contractor of the Company or a Subsidiary ceases to serve as a Contractor
of the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason. Except as may be necessary or desirable to comply with applicable federal or state
law, a Termination of Service shall not be deemed to have occurred when a Participant who is an Employee becomes an Outside
Director or Contractor or vice versa. If, however, a Participant who is an Employee and who has an Incentive Stock Option ceases to be
an Employee but does not suffer a Termination of Service, and if that Participant does not exercise the Incentive Stock Option within
the time required under Section 422 of the Code upon ceasing to be an Employee, the Incentive Stock Option shall thereafter become a Nonqualified
Stock Option. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.45 , in the event an Award issued under the Plan is subject
to Section 409A of the Code, then, in lieu of the foregoing definition and to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of
Section 409A of the Code, the definition of Termination of Service for purposes of such Award shall be the definition of
 separation from service provided for under Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder.
The transfer of an Employee among the Company, a Subsidiary or a Parent shall not be treated as a Termination of Service under this Plan. 

- 5 - 

2.46 Total
and Permanent Disability means a Participant is qualified for long-term disability benefits under the Company s or
Subsidiary s disability plan or insurance policy; or, if no such plan or policy is then in existence or if the Participant is not
eligible to participate in such plan or policy, that the Participant, because of a physical or mental condition resulting from bodily
injury, disease, or mental disorder, is unable to perform his or her duties of employment for a period of six (6) continuous months, as
determined in good faith by the Committee, based upon medical reports or other evidence satisfactory to the Committee; provided that ,
with respect to any Incentive Stock Option, Total and Permanent Disability shall have the meaning given it under the rules governing Incentive
Stock Options under the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.46 , in the event an Award issued under
the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, then, in lieu of the foregoing definition and to the extent necessary to comply with
the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the definition of Total and Permanent Disability for purposes of such Award
shall be the definition of disability provided for under Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance
issued thereunder. 

2.47 U.S.
Taxpayer means, for a given taxable year, any Participant who is a U.S. citizen or resident alien classified as a resident
alien under Section 7701(b)(1)(A)(i) of the Code, other than an individual who is also a bona fide resident of a U.S. possession (within
the meaning of Section 937(a) of the Code). 

Article
3. 

 ADMINISTRATION 

3.1 General
Administration; Establishment of Committee. Subject to the terms of this Article 3 , the Plan shall be administered by
the Board or such Committee of the Board as is designated by the Board to administer the Plan (the Committee ).
The Committee shall consist of not fewer than two persons. Any member of the Committee may be removed at any time, with or without cause,
by resolution of the Board. Any vacancy occurring in the membership of the Committee may be filled by appointment by the Board. At any
time there is no Committee to administer the Plan, any references in this Plan to the Committee shall be deemed to refer to the Board. 

Membership on the Committee
shall be limited to those members of the Board who are non-employee directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under
the Exchange Act. The Committee shall select one of its members to act as its Chairman. A majority of the Committee shall constitute a
quorum, and the act of a majority of the members of the Committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of
the Committee. 

3.2 Designation
of Participants and Awards . 

(a) The
Committee or the Board shall determine and designate from time to time the eligible persons to whom Awards will be granted and shall set
forth in each related Award Agreement, where applicable, the Award Period, the Date of Grant, and such other terms, provisions, limitations,
and performance requirements, as are approved by the Committee, but not inconsistent with the Plan. The Committee shall determine whether
an Award shall include one type of Incentive or two or more Incentives granted in combination or two or more Incentives granted in tandem
(that is, a joint grant where exercise of one Incentive results in cancellation of all or a portion of the other Incentive). Although
the members of the Committee shall be eligible to receive Awards, all decisions with respect to any Award, and the terms and conditions
thereof, to be granted under the Plan to any member of the Committee shall be made solely and exclusively by the other members of the
Committee, or if such member is the only member of the Committee, by the Board. 

(b) Notwithstanding
 Section 3.2(a) , to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board may, in its discretion and by a resolution adopted by the
Board, authorize one or more officers of the Company (an Authorized Officer to (i) designate one or more
Employees as eligible persons to whom Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options or SARs will be granted under the Plan, and
(ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock that will be subject to such Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options or
SARs; provided , however , that the resolution of the Board granting such authority shall (x) specify the total number of
shares of Common Stock that may be made subject to the Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options or SARs, (y) set forth the
price or prices (or a formula by which such price or prices may be determined) to be paid for the purchase of the Common Stock subject
to such Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options or SARs, and (z) not authorize an officer to designate himself as a recipient
of any Award. 

- 6 - 

3.3 Authority
of the Committee. The Committee, in its discretion, shall (a) interpret the Plan and Award Agreements, (b) prescribe, amend, and rescind
any rules and regulations and sub-plans (including sub-plans for Awards made to Participants who are not resident in the United States),
as necessary or appropriate for the administration of the Plan, (c) establish performance goals for an Award and certify the extent of
their achievement, and (d) make such other determinations or certifications and take such other action as it deems necessary or advisable
in the administration of the Plan. Any interpretation, determination, or other action made or taken by the Committee shall be final, binding,
and conclusive on all interested parties. The Committee s discretion set forth herein shall not be limited by any provision of the
Plan, including any provision which by its terms is applicable notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary. 

The Committee may delegate
to officers of the Company, pursuant to a written delegation, the authority to perform specified functions under the Plan. Any actions
taken by any officers of the Company pursuant to such written delegation of authority shall be deemed to have been taken by the Committee. 

With respect to restrictions
in the Plan that are based on the requirements of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, Section 422 of the Code, the rules of
any exchange or inter-dealer quotation system upon which the Company s securities are listed or quoted, or any other Applicable
Law, to the extent that any such restrictions are no longer required by Applicable Law, the Committee shall have the sole discretion and
authority to grant Awards that are not subject to such mandated restrictions and/or to waive any such mandated restrictions with respect
to outstanding Awards. 

Article
4. 

 ELIGIBILITY 

Any Employee (including an
Employee who is also a director or an officer), Contractor or Outside Director of the Company (or an Affiliate or any Subsidiary of the
Company) whose judgment, initiative, and efforts contributed or may be expected to contribute to the successful performance of the Company
is eligible to participate in the Plan; provided that only Employees of a Corporation shall be eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options
and, if an Employee is a U.S. Taxpayer, such Employee only shall be eligible to receive Stock Options if he or she is an Employee of the
Company or one of its Subsidiaries (and is not an Employee of the Company s Parent). The Committee, upon its own action, may grant,
but shall not be required to grant, an Award to any Employee, Contractor or Outside Director. Awards may be granted by the Committee at
any time and from time to time to new Participants, or to then Participants, or to a greater or lesser number of Participants, and may
include or exclude previous Participants, as the Committee shall determine. Except as required by this Plan, Awards need not contain similar
provisions. The Committee s determinations under the Plan (including without limitation determinations of which Employees, Contractors
or Outside Directors, if any, are to receive Awards, the form, amount and timing of such Awards, the terms and provisions of such Awards
and the agreements evidencing same) need not be uniform and may be made by it selectively among Participants who receive, or are eligible
to receive, Awards under the Plan. 

Article
5. 

 SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN 

5.1 Number
Available for Awards. Subject to adjustment as provided in Articles 11 and 12 , the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
that may be delivered pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan is one million one hundred seven thousand (1,107,000) shares, of which
one hundred percent (100 may be delivered pursuant to Incentive Stock Options. Shares to be issued may be made available from authorized
but unissued Common Stock, Common Stock held by the Company in its treasury, or Common Stock purchased by the Company on the open market
or otherwise. During the term of this Plan, the Company will at all times reserve and keep available the number of shares of Common Stock
that shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Plan. 

5.2 Reuse
of Shares. To the extent that any Award under this Plan shall be forfeited, shall expire or be canceled, in whole or in part, then
the number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Award or stock option so forfeited, expired or canceled may again be awarded pursuant
to the provisions of this Plan. In the event that previously acquired shares of Common Stock are delivered to the Company in full or partial
payment of the exercise price for the exercise of a Stock Option granted under this Plan, the number of shares of Common Stock available
for future Awards under this Plan shall be reduced only by the net number of shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise of the Stock
Option. Awards that may be satisfied either by the issuance of shares of Common Stock or by cash or other consideration shall be counted
against the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under this Plan only during the period that the Award is outstanding
or to the extent the Award is ultimately satisfied by the issuance of shares of Common Stock. Awards will not reduce the number of shares
of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to this Plan if the settlement of the Award will not require the issuance of shares of Common
Stock, as, for example, a SAR that can be satisfied only by the payment of cash. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan to the contrary,
only shares forfeited back to the Company, shares canceled on account of termination, expiration or lapse of an Award, shares surrendered
in payment of the exercise price of a Stock Option or shares withheld for payment of applicable employment taxes and/or withholding obligations
resulting from the exercise of an option shall again be available for grant of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan, but shall not increase
the maximum number of shares described in Section 5.1 above as the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be delivered
pursuant to Incentive Stock Options. 

- 7 - 

Article
6. 

 GRANT OF AWARDS 

6.1 In
General . 

(a) The
grant of an Award shall be authorized by the Committee and shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement setting forth the Incentive or Incentives
being granted, the total number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Incentive(s), the Option Price (if applicable), the Award Period,
the Date of Grant, and such other terms, provisions, limitations, and performance objectives, as are approved by the Committee, but (i)
not inconsistent with the Plan, and (ii) to the extent an Award issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance
with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder. The Company shall
execute an Award Agreement with a Participant after the Committee approves the issuance of an Award. Any Award granted pursuant to this
Plan must be granted within ten (10) years of the date of adoption of this Plan by the Board. The Plan shall be submitted to the Company s
stockholders for approval; however, the Committee may grant Awards under the Plan prior to the time of stockholder approval. Any such
Award granted prior to such stockholder approval shall be made subject to such stockholder approval. The grant of an Award to a Participant
shall not be deemed either to entitle the Participant to, or to disqualify the Participant from, receipt of any other Award under the
Plan. 

(b) If
the Committee establishes a purchase price for an Award, the Participant must accept such Award within a period of thirty (30) days (or
such shorter period as the Committee may specify) after the Date of Grant by executing the applicable Award Agreement and paying such
purchase price. 

(c) Any
Award under this Plan that is settled in whole or in part in cash on a deferred basis may provide for interest equivalents to be credited
with respect to such cash payment. Interest equivalents may be compounded and shall be paid upon such terms and conditions as may be specified
by the grant. 

6.2 Option
Price. The Option Price for any share of Common Stock which may be purchased under a Nonqualified Stock Option for any share of Common
Stock must be equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of the share on the Date of Grant. The Option Price for any share of Common
Stock which may be purchased under an Incentive Stock Option must be at least equal to the Fair Market Value of the share on the Date
of Grant; if an Incentive Stock Option is granted to an Employee who owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section
424(d) of the Code) more than ten percent (10 of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company (or any parent or
Subsidiary), the Option Price shall be at least one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Date
of Grant. 

6.3 Maximum
ISO Grants. The Committee may not grant Incentive Stock Options under the Plan to any Employee which would permit the aggregate Fair
Market Value (determined on the Date of Grant) of the Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options (under this and any other
plan of the Company and its Subsidiaries) are exercisable for the first time by such Employee during any calendar year to exceed 100,000.
To the extent any Stock Option granted under this Plan which is designated as an Incentive Stock Option exceeds this limit or otherwise
fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, such Stock Option (or any such portion thereof) shall be a Nonqualified Stock Option. In
such case, the Committee shall designate which stock will be treated as Incentive Stock Option stock by causing the issuance of a separate
stock certificate and identifying such stock as Incentive Stock Option stock on the Company s stock transfer records. 

6.4 Restricted
Stock. If Restricted Stock is granted to or received by a Participant under an Award (including a Stock Option), the Committee shall
set forth in the related Award Agreement: (a) the number of shares of Common Stock awarded, (b) the price, if any, to be paid by the Participant
for such Restricted Stock and the method of payment of the price, (c) the time or times within which such Award may be subject to forfeiture,
(d) specified Performance Goals of the Company, a Subsidiary, any division thereof or any group of Employees of the Company, or other
criteria, which the Committee determines must be met in order to remove any restrictions (including vesting) on such Award, and (e) all
other terms, limitations, restrictions, and conditions of the Restricted Stock, which shall be consistent with this Plan, to the extent
applicable and, to the extent Restricted Stock granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable
requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder. The provisions of Restricted Stock need
not be the same with respect to each Participant. 

- 8 - 

(a) Legend
on Shares. Each Participant who is awarded or receives Restricted Stock shall be issued a stock certificate or certificates in respect
of such shares of Common Stock. Such certificate(s) shall be registered in the name of the Participant and shall bear an appropriate legend
referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock, substantially as provided in Section 15.9 
of the Plan. 

(b) Restrictions
and Conditions. Shares of Restricted Stock shall be subject to the following restrictions and conditions: 

(i) Subject
to the other provisions of this Plan and the terms of the particular Award Agreements, during such period as may be determined by the
Committee commencing on the Date of Grant or the date of exercise of an Award (the Restriction Period ), the
Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge or assign shares of Restricted Stock. Except for these limitations, the Committee
may in its sole discretion, remove any or all of the restrictions on such Restricted Stock whenever it may determine that, by reason of
changes in Applicable Laws or other changes in circumstances arising after the date of the Award, such action is appropriate. 

(ii) Except
as provided in sub-paragraph (a) above or in the applicable Award Agreement, the Participant shall have, with respect to his or her Restricted
Stock, all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote the shares, and the right to receive any dividends
thereon. Certificates for shares of Common Stock free of restriction under this Plan shall be delivered to the Participant promptly after,
and only after, the Restriction Period shall expire without forfeiture in respect of such shares of Common Stock or after any other restrictions
imposed on such shares of Common Stock by the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement have expired. Certificates for the shares
of Common Stock forfeited under the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement shall be promptly returned to the Company
by the forfeiting Participant. Each Award Agreement shall require that each Participant, in connection with the issuance of a certificate
for Restricted Stock, shall endorse such certificate in blank or execute a stock power in form satisfactory to the Company in blank and
deliver such certificate and executed stock power to the Company. 

(iii) The
Restriction Period of Restricted Stock shall commence on the Date of Grant or the date of exercise of an Award, as specified in the Award
Agreement, and, subject to Article 12 of the Plan, unless otherwise established by the Committee in the Award Agreement setting
forth the terms of the Restricted Stock, shall expire upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Award Agreement; such conditions
may provide for vesting based on length of continuous service or such Performance Goals, as may be determined by the Committee in its
sole discretion. 

(iv) Except
as otherwise provided in the particular Award Agreement, upon Termination of Service for any reason during the Restriction Period, the
nonvested shares of Restricted Stock shall be forfeited by the Participant. In the event a Participant has paid any consideration to the
Company for such forfeited Restricted Stock, the Committee shall specify in the Award Agreement that either (1) the Company shall be obligated
to, or (2) the Company may, in its sole discretion, elect to, pay to the Participant, as soon as practicable after the event causing forfeiture,
in cash, an amount equal to the lesser of the total consideration paid by the Participant for such forfeited shares or the Fair Market
Value of such forfeited shares as of the date of Termination of Service, as the Committee, in its sole discretion shall select. Upon any
forfeiture, all rights of a Participant with respect to the forfeited shares of the Restricted Stock shall cease and terminate, without
any further obligation on the part of the Company. 

6.5 SARs. 
The Committee may grant SARs to any Participant, either as a separate Award or in connection with a Stock Option. SARs shall be subject
to such terms and conditions as the Committee shall impose, provided that such terms and conditions are (a) not inconsistent with the
Plan, and (b) to the extent a SAR issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements
of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder. The grant of the SAR may provide that the holder
may be paid for the value of the SAR either in cash or in shares of Common Stock, or a combination thereof. In the event of the exercise
of a SAR payable in shares of Common Stock, the holder of the SAR shall receive that number of whole shares of Common Stock having an
aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the value obtained by multiplying (a) the difference between the Fair Market
Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise over the SAR Price as set forth in such SAR (or other value specified in the
agreement granting the SAR), by (b) the number of shares of Common Stock as to which the SAR is exercised, with a cash settlement to be
made for any fractional shares of Common Stock. The SAR Price for any share of Common Stock subject to a SAR may be equal to or greater
than the Fair Market Value of the share on the Date of Grant. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may place a ceiling on the amount
payable upon exercise of a SAR, but any such limitation shall be specified at the time that the SAR is granted. 

- 9 - 

6.6 Restricted
Stock Units. Restricted Stock Units may be awarded or sold to any Participant under such terms and conditions as shall be established
by the Committee, provided, however, that such terms and conditions are (a) not inconsistent with the Plan, and (b) to the extent a Restricted
Stock Unit issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A
of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder. Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such restrictions as the
Committee determines, including, without limitation, (a) a prohibition against sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other
encumbrance for a specified period; or (b) a requirement that the holder forfeit (or in the case of shares of Common Stock or units sold
to the Participant, resell to the Company at cost) such shares or units in the event of Termination of Service during the period of restriction. 

6.7 Performance Awards . 

(a) The
Committee may grant Performance Awards to one or more Participants. The terms and conditions of Performance Awards shall be specified
at the time of the grant and may include provisions establishing the performance period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during a
performance period, and the maximum or minimum settlement values, provided that such terms and conditions are (i) not inconsistent with
the Plan and (ii) to the extent a Performance Award issued under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, in compliance with the
applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder. If the Performance Award
is to be in shares of Common Stock, the Performance Awards may provide for the issuance of the shares of Common Stock at the time of the
grant of the Performance Award or at the time of the certification by the Committee that the Performance Goals for the performance period
have been met; provided , however , if shares of Common Stock are issued at the time of the grant of the Performance Award
and if, at the end of the performance period, the Performance Goals are not certified by the Committee to have been fully satisfied, then,
notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan to the contrary, the Common Stock shall be forfeited in accordance with the terms of
the grant to the extent the Committee determines that the Performance Goals were not met. The forfeiture of shares of Common Stock issued
at the time of the grant of the Performance Award due to failure to achieve the established Performance Goals shall be separate from and
in addition to any other restrictions provided for in this Plan that may be applicable to such shares of Common Stock. Each Performance
Award granted to one or more Participants shall have its own terms and conditions. 

If the Committee
determines, in its sole discretion, that the established performance measures or objectives are no longer suitable because of a change
in the Company s business, operations, corporate structure, or for other reasons that the Committee deemed satisfactory, the Committee
may modify the performance measures or objectives and/or the performance period. 

(b) Performance
Awards may be valued by reference to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock or according to any formula or method deemed appropriate
by the Committee, in its sole discretion, including, but not limited to, achievement of Performance Goals or other specific financial,
production, sales or cost performance objectives that the Committee believes to be relevant to the Company s business and/or remaining
in the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary for a specified period of time. Performance Awards may be paid in cash, shares of Common
Stock, or other consideration, or any combination thereof. If payable in shares of Common Stock, the consideration for the issuance of
such shares may be the achievement of the performance objective established at the time of the grant of the Performance Award. Performance
Awards may be payable in a single payment or in installments and may be payable at a specified date or dates or upon attaining the performance
objective. The extent to which any applicable performance objective has been achieved shall be conclusively determined by the Committee. 

- 10 - 

6.8 Dividend
Equivalent Rights. The Committee may grant a Dividend Equivalent Right to any Participant, either as a component of another Award
or as a separate Award. The terms and conditions of the Dividend Equivalent Right shall be specified by the grant. Dividend equivalents
credited to the holder of a Dividend Equivalent Right may be paid currently or may be deemed to be reinvested in additional shares of
Common Stock (which may thereafter accrue additional dividend equivalents). Any such reinvestment shall be at the Fair Market Value at
the time thereof. Dividend Equivalent Rights may be settled in cash or shares of Common Stock, or a combination thereof, in a single payment
or in installments. A Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of another Award may provide that such Dividend Equivalent Right
shall be settled upon exercise, settlement, or payment of, or lapse of restrictions on, such other Award, and that such Dividend Equivalent
Right granted as a component of another Award may also contain terms and conditions different from such other Award. 

6.9 Other
Awards. The Committee may grant to any Participant other forms of Awards, based upon, payable in, or otherwise related to, in whole
or in part, shares of Common Stock, if the Committee determines that such other form of Award is consistent with the purpose and restrictions
of this Plan. The terms and conditions of such other form of Award shall be specified by the grant. Such Other Awards may be granted for
no cash consideration, for such minimum consideration as may be required by Applicable Law, or for such other consideration as may be
specified by the grant. 

6.10 Performance
Goals. Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Award and Other Awards (whether relating to cash or shares
of Common Stock) under the Plan may be made subject to the attainment of Performance Goals relating to one or more business criteria which
may consist of one or more or any combination of the following criteria: cash flow; cost; revenues; sales; ratio of debt to debt plus
equity; net borrowing, credit quality or debt ratings; profit before tax; economic profit; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; gross margin; earnings per share (whether on a pre-tax, after-tax, operational
or other basis); operating earnings; capital expenditures; expenses or expense levels; economic value added; ratio of operating earnings
to capital spending or any other operating ratios; free cash flow; net profit; net sales; net asset value per share; the accomplishment
of mergers, acquisitions, dispositions, public offerings or similar extraordinary business transactions; sales growth; price of the Company s
Common Stock; return on assets, equity or stockholders equity; market share; inventory levels, inventory turn or shrinkage; or
total return to stockholders Performance Criteria ). Any Performance Criteria may be used to measure the performance
of the Company as a whole or any business unit of the Company and may be measured relative to a peer group or index. Any Performance Criteria
may include or exclude (a) events that are of an unusual nature or indicate infrequency of occurrence, (b) gains or losses on the disposition
of a business, (c) changes in tax or accounting regulations or laws, (d) the effect of a merger or acquisition, as identified in the Company s
quarterly and annual earnings releases, or (e) other similar occurrences. In all other respects, Performance Criteria shall be calculated
in accordance with the Company s financial statements, under generally accepted accounting principles, or under a methodology established
by the Committee prior to the issuance of an Award which is consistently applied and identified in the audited financial statements, including
footnotes, or the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of the Company s annual report. 

6.11 Tandem
Awards. The Committee may grant two or more Incentives in one Award in the form of a tandem Award, so that the right
of the Participant to exercise one Incentive shall be canceled if, and to the extent, the other Incentive is exercised. For example, if
a Stock Option and a SAR are issued in a tandem Award, and the Participant exercises the SAR with respect to one hundred (100) shares
of Common Stock, the right of the Participant to exercise the related Stock Option shall be canceled to the extent of one hundred (100)
shares of Common Stock. 

6.12 No
Repricing of Stock Options or SARs. The Committee may not reprice any Stock Option or SAR. For purposes of this Section
6.12 , reprice means any of the following or any other action that has the same effect: (a) amending a Stock Option or
SAR to reduce its exercise price or base price, (b) canceling a Stock Option or SAR at a time when its exercise price or base price exceeds
the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock in exchange for cash or a Stock Option, SAR, award of Restricted Stock or other equity
award, or (c) taking any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles, provided that nothing
in this Section 6.12 shall prevent the Committee from making adjustments pursuant to Article 11 , from exchanging or cancelling
Incentives pursuant to Article 12 , or substituting Incentives in accordance with Article 14 . 

6.13 Recoupment
for Restatements. Notwithstanding any other language in this Plan to the contrary, the Company may recoup all or any portion of any
shares or cash paid to a Participant in connection with an Award, in the event of a restatement of the Company s financial statements
as set forth in the Company s clawback policy, if any, approved by the Company s Board from time to time. 

- 11 - 

Article
7. 

 AWARD PERIOD; VESTING 

7.1 Award
Period. Subject to the other provisions of this Plan, the Committee may, in its discretion, provide that an Incentive may not be exercised
in whole or in part for any period or periods of time or beyond any date specified in the Award Agreement. Except as provided in the Award
Agreement, an Incentive may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during its term. The Award Period for an Incentive shall be reduced
or terminated upon Termination of Service. No Incentive granted under the Plan may be exercised at any time after the end of its Award
Period. No portion of any Incentive may be exercised after the expiration of ten (10) years from its Date of Grant. However, if an Employee
owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than ten percent (10 of the combined
voting power of all classes of stock of the Company (or any parent or Subsidiary) and an Incentive Stock Option is granted to such Employee,
the term of such Incentive Stock Option (to the extent required by the Code at the time of grant) shall be no more than five (5) years
from the Date of Grant. 

7.2 Vesting. 
The Committee, in its sole discretion, may determine that an Incentive will be immediately vested in whole or in part, or that all or
any portion may not be vested until a date, or dates, subsequent to its Date of Grant, or until the occurrence of one or more specified
events, subject in any case to the terms of the Plan. If the Committee imposes conditions upon vesting, then, subsequent to the Date of
Grant, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the date on which all or any portion of the Incentive may be vested. 

Article
8. 

 EXERCISE OR CONVERSION OF INCENTIVE 

8.1 In
General . A vested Incentive may be exercised or converted, during its Award Period, subject to limitations and restrictions set forth
in the Award Agreement. 

8.2 Securities
Law and Exchange Restrictions. In no event may an Incentive be exercised or shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an Award if
a necessary listing or quotation of the shares of Common Stock on a stock exchange or inter-dealer quotation system or any registration
under state or federal securities laws required under the circumstances has not been accomplished. 

8.3 Exercise
of Stock Option . 

(a) In
General. If a Stock Option is exercisable prior to the time it is vested, the Common Stock obtained on the exercise of the Stock Option
shall be Restricted Stock which is subject to the applicable provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement. If the Committee imposes
conditions upon exercise, then subsequent to the Date of Grant, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the date on which
all or any portion of the Stock Option may be exercised. No Stock Option may be exercised for a fractional share of Common Stock. The
granting of a Stock Option shall impose no obligation upon the Participant to exercise that Stock Option. 

(b) Notice
and Payment. Subject to such administrative regulations as the Committee may from time to time adopt, a Stock Option may be exercised
by the delivery of written notice to the Committee setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Stock
Option is to be exercised (the Exercise Notice and the date of exercise thereof (the Exercise
Date with respect to any Stock Option shall be the date that the Participant has delivered both the Exercise Notice and
consideration to the Company with a value equal to the total Option Price of the shares to be purchased (plus any employment tax withholding
or other tax payment due with respect to such Award), payable as provided in the Award Agreement, which may provide for payment in any
one or more of the following ways: (i) cash or check, bank draft, or money order payable to the order of the Company, (ii) Common Stock
(including Restricted Stock) owned by the Participant on the Exercise Date, valued at its Fair Market Value on the Exercise Date, and
which the Participant has not acquired from the Company within six (6) months prior to the Exercise Date, (iii) by delivery (including
by FAX or electronic transmission) to the Company or its designated agent of an executed irrevocable option exercise form (or, to the
extent permitted by the Company, exercise instructions, which may be communicated in writing, telephonically, or electronically) together
with irrevocable instructions from the Participant to a broker or dealer, reasonably acceptable to the Company, to sell certain of the
shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of the Stock Option or to pledge such shares as collateral for a loan and promptly deliver
to the Company the amount of sale or loan proceeds necessary to pay such purchase price, (iv) by requesting the Company to withhold the
number of shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of the Stock Option by the number of shares of Common Stock having an aggregate Fair
Market Value equal to the aggregate Option Price at the time of exercise i.e., a cashless net exercise), and/or (v) in any other
form of valid consideration that is acceptable to the Committee in its sole discretion. In the event that shares of Restricted Stock are
tendered as consideration for the exercise of a Stock Option, a number of shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise of the Stock
Option equal to the number of shares of Restricted Stock used as consideration therefor shall be subject to the same restrictions and
provisions as the Restricted Stock so tendered. If the Participant fails to deliver the consideration described in this Section 8.3(b) 
within three (3) business days of the date of the Exercise Notice, then the Exercise Notice shall be null and void and the Company will
have no obligation to deliver any shares of Common Stock to the Participant in connection with such Exercise Notice. 

- 12 - 

(c) Issuance
of Certificate. Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.4 hereof (with respect to shares of Restricted Stock) or in the applicable
Award Agreement, upon payment of all amounts due from the Participant, the Company shall cause certificates for the Common Stock then
being purchased to be delivered as directed by the Participant (or the person exercising the Participant s Stock Option in the event
of his death) at its principal business office promptly after the Exercise Date; provided that if the Participant has exercised an Incentive
Stock Option, the Company may at its option retain physical possession of the certificate evidencing the shares acquired upon exercise
until the expiration of the holding periods described in Section 422(a)(1) of the Code. The obligation of the Company to deliver shares
of Common Stock shall, however, be subject to the condition that, if at any time the Committee shall determine in its discretion that
the listing, registration, or qualification of the Stock Option or the Common Stock upon any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation
system or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary as a condition
of, or in connection with, the Stock Option or the issuance or purchase of shares of Common Stock thereunder, the Stock Option may not
be exercised in whole or in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent, or approval shall have been effected or obtained
free of any conditions not reasonably acceptable to the Committee. 

(d) Failure
to Pay. Except as may otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement, if the Participant fails to pay for any of the Common Stock specified
in such notice or fails to accept delivery thereof, that portion of the Participant s Stock Option and right to purchase such Common
Stock may be forfeited by the Participant. 

8.4 SARs. 
Subject to the conditions of this Section 8.4 and such administrative regulations as the Committee may from time to time adopt,
a SAR may be exercised by the delivery (including by FAX) of written notice to the Committee setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock with respect to which the SAR is to be exercised and the date of exercise thereof (the Exercise Date which shall be at least three (3) days after giving such notice unless an earlier time shall have been mutually agreed upon. Subject to
the terms of the Award Agreement and only if permissible under Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder
(or, if not so permissible, at such time as permitted by Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder),
the Participant shall receive from the Company in exchange therefor in the discretion of the Committee, and subject to the terms of the
Award Agreement: 

(a) cash
in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Fair Market Value (as of the Exercise Date, or if provided in the Award Agreement, conversion,
of the SAR) per share of Common Stock over the SAR Price per share specified in such SAR, multiplied by the total number of shares of
Common Stock of the SAR being surrendered; 

(b) that
number of shares of Common Stock having an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the Exercise Date, or if provided in the Award Agreement,
conversion, of the SAR) equal to the amount of cash otherwise payable to the Participant, with a cash settlement to be made for any fractional
share interests; or 

(c) the
Company may settle such obligation in part with shares of Common Stock and in part with cash. 

The distribution of any cash
or Common Stock pursuant to the foregoing sentence shall be made at such time as set forth in the Award Agreement. 

8.5 Disqualifying
Disposition of Incentive Stock Option. If shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of an Incentive Stock Option are disposed
of by a Participant prior to the expiration of either two (2) years from the Date of Grant of such Stock Option or one (1) year from the
transfer of shares of Common Stock to the Participant pursuant to the exercise of such Stock Option, or in any other disqualifying disposition
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, such Participant shall notify the Company in writing of the date and terms of such disposition.
A disqualifying disposition by a Participant shall not affect the status of any other Stock Option granted under the Plan as an Incentive
Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 

Article
9. 

 AMENDMENT OR DISCONTINUANCE 

Subject to the limitations
set forth in this Article 9 , the Board may at any time and from time to time, without the consent of the Participants, alter, amend,
revise, suspend, or discontinue the Plan in whole or in part; provided, however, that no amendment for which stockholder approval is required
either (a) by any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or traded or (b) in order for
the Plan and Incentives awarded under the Plan to continue to comply with Sections 421 and 422 of the Code, including any successors to
such Sections, or other Applicable Law, shall be effective unless such amendment shall be approved by the requisite vote of the stockholders
of the Company entitled to vote thereon. Any such amendment shall, to the extent deemed necessary or advisable by the Committee, be applicable
to any outstanding Incentives theretofore granted under the Plan, notwithstanding any contrary provisions contained in any Award Agreement.
In the event of any such amendment to the Plan, the holder of any Incentive outstanding under the Plan shall, upon request of the Committee
and as a condition to the exercisability thereof, execute a conforming amendment in the form prescribed by the Committee to any Award
Agreement relating thereto. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Plan to the contrary, unless required by law, no action contemplated
or permitted by this Article 9 shall adversely affect any rights of Participants or obligations of the Company to Participants
with respect to any Incentive theretofore granted under the Plan without the consent of the affected Participant. 

- 13 - 

Article
10. 

 TERM 

The Plan shall be effective
from the date that this Plan is adopted by the Board. Unless sooner terminated by action of the Board, the Plan will terminate on the
tenth anniversary of the Effective Date, but Incentives granted before that date will continue to be effective in accordance with their
terms and conditions. 

Article
11. 

 CAPITAL ADJUSTMENTS 

In the event that any dividend
or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split,
reverse stock split, rights offering, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, split-off, combination, subdivision,
repurchase, or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock
or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the fair value of an Award, then the Committee
shall adjust any or all of the following so that the fair value of the Award immediately after the transaction or event is equal to the
fair value of the Award immediately prior to the transaction or event (a) the number of shares and type of Common Stock (or the securities
or property) which thereafter may be made the subject of Awards, (b) the number of shares and type of Common Stock (or other securities
or property) subject to outstanding Awards, (c) the number of shares and type of Common Stock (or other securities or property) specified
as the annual per-participant limitation under Section 5.1 of the Plan, (d) the Option Price of each outstanding Award, (e) the
amount, if any, the Company pays for forfeited shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 6.4 , and (f) the number of or
SAR Price of shares of Common Stock then subject to outstanding SARs previously granted and unexercised under the Plan, to the end that
the same proportion of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock in each instance shall remain subject to exercise
at the same aggregate SAR Price; provided, however, that the number of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject
to any Award shall always be a whole number. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such adjustment shall be made or authorized to the extent
that such adjustment would cause the Plan or any Stock Option to violate Section 422 of the Code or Section 409A of the Code. Such adjustments
shall be made in accordance with the rules of any securities exchange, stock market, or stock quotation system to which the Company is
subject. 

Upon the occurrence of any
such adjustment, the Company shall provide notice to each affected Participant of its computation of such adjustment which shall be conclusive
and shall be binding upon each such Participant. 

Article
12. 

 RECAPITALIZATION, MERGER AND CONSOLIDATION 

12.1 No
Effect on Company s Authority. The existence of this Plan and Incentives granted hereunder shall not affect in any way the right
or power of the Company or its stockholders to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations, or other
changes in the Company s capital structure and its business, or any Change in Control, or any merger or consolidation of the Company,
or any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or preference stocks ranking prior to or otherwise affecting the Common Stock or the rights
thereof (or any rights, options, or warrants to purchase same), or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer
of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 

12.2 Conversion
of Incentives Where Company Survives. Subject to any required action by the stockholders and except as otherwise provided by Section
12.4 hereof or as may be required to comply with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder,
if the Company shall be the surviving or resulting corporation in any merger, consolidation or share exchange, any Incentive granted hereunder
shall pertain to and apply to the securities or rights (including cash, property, or assets) to which a holder of the number of shares
of Common Stock subject to the Incentive would have been entitled. 

- 14 - 

12.3 Exchange
or Cancellation of Incentives Where Company Does Not Survive. Except as otherwise provided by Section 12.4 hereof or as may
be required to comply with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, in the event of any merger,
consolidation or share exchange pursuant to which the Company is not the surviving or resulting corporation, there shall be substituted
for each share of Common Stock subject to the unexercised portions of outstanding Incentives, that number of shares of each class of stock
or other securities or that amount of cash, property, or assets of the surviving, resulting or consolidated company which were distributed
or distributable to the stockholders of the Company in respect to each share of Common Stock held by them, such outstanding Incentives
to be thereafter exercisable for such stock, securities, cash, or property in accordance with their terms. 

12.4 Cancellation
of Incentives. Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 12.2 and 12.3 hereof, and except as may be required to comply with
Section 409A of the Code and the regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, all Incentives granted hereunder may be canceled by
the Company, in its sole discretion, as of the effective date of any Change in Control, merger, consolidation or share exchange, or any
issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or preference stocks ranking prior to or otherwise affecting the Common Stock or the rights thereof
(or any rights, options, or warrants to purchase same), or of any proposed sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company,
or of any dissolution or liquidation of the Company, by either: 

(a) giving
notice to each holder thereof or his personal representative of its intention to cancel those Incentives for which the issuance of shares
of Common Stock involved payment by the Participant for such shares, and permitting the purchase during the thirty (30) day period next
preceding such effective date of any or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to such outstanding Incentives, including in the Board s
discretion some or all of the shares as to which such Incentives would not otherwise be vested and exercisable; or 

(b) in
the case of Incentives that are either (i) settled only in shares of Common Stock, or (ii) at the election of the Participant, settled
in shares of Common Stock, paying the holder thereof an amount equal to a reasonable estimate of the difference between the net amount
per share payable in such transaction or as a result of such transaction, and the price per share of such Incentive to be paid by the
Participant (hereinafter the Spread ), multiplied by the number of shares subject to the Incentive. In cases
where the shares constitute, or would after exercise, constitute Restricted Stock, the Company, in its discretion, may include some or
all of those shares in the calculation of the amount payable hereunder. In estimating the Spread, appropriate adjustments to give effect
to the existence of the Incentives shall be made, such as deeming the Incentives to have been exercised, with the Company receiving the
exercise price payable thereunder, and treating the shares receivable upon exercise of the Incentives as being outstanding in determining
the net amount per share. In cases where the proposed transaction consists of the acquisition of assets of the Company, the net amount
per share shall be calculated on the basis of the net amount receivable with respect to shares of Common Stock upon a distribution and
liquidation by the Company after giving effect to expenses and charges, including but not limited to taxes, payable by the Company before
such liquidation could be completed. 

An Award that by its terms
would be fully vested or exercisable upon a Change in Control will be considered vested or exercisable for purposes of Section 12.4(a) 
hereof. 

Article
13. 

 LIQUIDATION OR DISSOLUTION 

Subject to Section 12.4 
hereof, in case the Company shall, at any time while any Incentive under this Plan shall be in force and remain unexpired, (a) sell all
or substantially all of its property, or (b) dissolve, liquidate, or wind up its affairs, then each Participant shall be entitled to receive,
in lieu of each share of Common Stock of the Company which such Participant would have been entitled to receive under the Incentive, the
same kind and amount of any securities or assets as may be issuable, distributable, or payable upon any such sale, dissolution, liquidation,
or winding up with respect to each share of Common Stock of the Company. If the Company shall, at any time prior to the expiration of
any Incentive, make any partial distribution of its assets, in the nature of a partial liquidation, whether payable in cash or in kind
(but excluding the distribution of a cash dividend payable out of earned surplus and designated as such) and an adjustment is determined
by the Committee to be appropriate to prevent the dilution of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the
Plan, then the Committee shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, make such adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Article
11 hereof. 

- 15 - 

Article
14. 

 INCENTIVES IN SUBSTITUTION FOR 

 INCENTIVES GRANTED BY OTHER ENTITIES 

Incentives may be granted
under the Plan from time to time in substitution for similar instruments held by employees, independent contractors or directors of a
corporation, partnership, or limited liability company who become or are about to become Employees, Contractors or Outside Directors of
the Company or any Subsidiary as a result of a merger or consolidation of the employing corporation with the Company, the acquisition
by the Company of equity of the employing entity, or any other similar transaction pursuant to which the Company becomes the successor
employer. The terms and conditions of the substitute Incentives so granted may vary from the terms and conditions set forth in this Plan
to such extent as the Committee at the time of grant may deem appropriate to conform, in whole or in part, to the provisions of the incentives
in substitution for which they are granted. 

Article
15. 

 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

15.1 Investment
Intent. The Company may require that there be presented to and filed with it by any Participant under the Plan, such evidence as it
may deem necessary to establish that the Incentives granted or the shares of Common Stock to be purchased or transferred are being acquired
for investment and not with a view to their distribution. 

15.2 No
Right to Continued Employment. Neither the Plan nor any Incentive granted under the Plan shall confer upon any Participant any right
with respect to continuance of employment by the Company or any Subsidiary. 

15.3 Indemnification
of Board and Committee. No member of the Board or the Committee, nor any officer or Employee of the Company acting on behalf of the
Board or the Committee, shall be personally liable for any action, determination, or interpretation taken or made in good faith with respect
to the Plan, and all members of the Board and the Committee, each officer of the Company, and each Employee of the Company acting on behalf
of the Board or the Committee shall, to the extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified and protected by the Company in respect of any
such action, determination, or interpretation to the fullest extent provided by law. Except to the extent required by any unwaiveable
requirement under applicable law, no member of the Board or the Committee (and no Subsidiary of the Company) shall have any duties or
liabilities, including without limitation any fiduciary duties, to any Participant (or any Person claiming by and through any Participant)
as a result of this Plan, any Award Agreement or any Claim arising hereunder and, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law,
each Participant (as consideration for receiving and accepting an Award Agreement) irrevocably waives and releases any right or opportunity
such Participant might have to assert (or participate or cooperate in) any Claim against any member of the Board or the Committee and
any Parent of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company arising out of this Plan. 

15.4 Effect
of the Plan. Neither the adoption of this Plan nor any action of the Board or the Committee shall be deemed to give any person any
right to be granted an Award or any other rights except as may be evidenced by an Award Agreement, or any amendment thereto, duly authorized
by the Committee and executed on behalf of the Company, and then only to the extent and upon the terms and conditions expressly set forth
therein. 

15.5 Compliance
with Other Laws and Regulations. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to sell
or issue shares of Common Stock under any Incentive if the issuance thereof would constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company
of any provisions of any law or regulation of any governmental authority or any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation
system or other forum in which shares of Common Stock are quoted or traded (including without limitation Section 16 of the Exchange Act);
and, as a condition of any sale or issuance of shares of Common Stock under an Incentive, the Committee may require such agreements or
undertakings, if any, as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable to assure compliance with any such law or regulation. The Plan,
the grant and exercise of Incentives hereunder, and the obligation of the Company to sell and deliver shares of Common Stock, shall be
subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any government or regulatory agency as
may be required. 

- 16 - 

15.6 Tax
Requirements. The Company or, if applicable, any Subsidiary (for purposes of this Section 15.6 , the term Company 
shall be deemed to include any applicable Subsidiary), shall have the right to deduct from all amounts paid in cash or other form in connection
with the Plan, any federal, state, local, or other taxes required by law to be withheld in connection with an Award granted under this
Plan. The Company may, in its sole discretion, also require the Participant receiving shares of Common Stock issued under the Plan to
pay the Company the amount of any taxes that the Company is required to withhold in connection with the Participant s income arising
with respect to the Award. Such payments shall be required to be made when requested by the Company and may be required to be made prior
to the delivery of any certificate representing shares of Common Stock. Such payment may be made by (a) the delivery of cash to the Company
in an amount that equals or exceeds (to avoid the issuance of fractional shares under (c) below) the required tax withholding obligations
of the Company; (b) if the Company, in its sole discretion, so consents in writing, the actual delivery by the exercising Participant
to the Company of shares of Common Stock that the Participant has not acquired from the Company within six (6) months prior to the date
of exercise, which shares so delivered have an aggregate Fair Market Value that equals or exceeds (to avoid the issuance of fractional
shares under (c) below) the required tax withholding payment; (c) if the Company, in its sole discretion, so consents in writing, the
Company s withholding of a number of shares to be delivered upon the exercise of the Stock Option, which shares so withheld have
an aggregate fair market value that equals (but does not exceed) the required tax withholding payment; or (d) any combination of (a),
(b), or (c). The Company may, in its sole discretion, withhold any such taxes from any other cash remuneration otherwise paid by the Company
to the Participant. The Committee may in the Award Agreement impose any additional tax requirements or provisions that the Committee deems
necessary or desirable. 

15.7 Assignability. 
Incentive Stock Options may not be transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise conveyed or encumbered other than by will
or the laws of descent and distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant or the Participant s
legally authorized representative, and each Award Agreement in respect of an Incentive Stock Option shall so provide. The designation
by a Participant of a beneficiary will not constitute a transfer of the Stock Option. The Committee may waive or modify any limitation
contained in the preceding sentences of this Section 15.7 that is not required for compliance with Section 422 of the Code. 

Except as otherwise provided
herein, Awards may not be transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise conveyed or encumbered other than by will or the laws
of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its discretion, authorize all or a portion of a Nonqualified
Stock Option or SAR to be granted to a Participant on terms which permit transfer by such Participant to (a) the spouse (or former spouse),
children or grandchildren of the Participant Immediate Family Members ), (b) a trust or trusts for the exclusive
benefit of such Immediate Family Members, (c) a partnership in which the only partners are (1) such Immediate Family Members and/or (2)
entities which are controlled by the Participant and/or Immediate Family Members, (d) an entity exempt from federal income tax pursuant
to Section 501(c)(3) of the Code or any successor provision, or (e) a split interest trust or pooled income fund described in Section
2522(c)(2) of the Code or any successor provision, provided that (x) there shall be no consideration for any such transfer, (y)
the Award Agreement pursuant to which such Nonqualified Stock Option or SAR is granted must be approved by the Committee and must expressly
provide for transferability in a manner consistent with this Section, and (z) subsequent transfers of transferred Nonqualified Stock Options
or SARs shall be prohibited except those by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 

Following any transfer, any
such Nonqualified Stock Option and SAR shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior
to transfer, provided that for purposes of Articles 8, 9, 11, 13 and 15 hereof the term Participant 
shall be deemed to include the transferee. The events of Termination of Service shall continue to be applied with respect to the original
Participant, following which the Nonqualified Stock Options and SARs shall be exercisable or convertible by the transferee only to the
extent and for the periods specified in the Award Agreement. The Committee and the Company shall have no obligation to inform any transferee
of a Nonqualified Stock Option or SAR of any expiration, termination, lapse or acceleration of such Stock Option or SAR. The Company shall
have no obligation to register with any federal or state securities commission or agency any Common Stock issuable or issued under a Nonqualified
Stock Option or SAR that has been transferred by a Participant under this Section 15.7 . 

15.8 Use
of Proceeds. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Incentives granted under this Plan shall constitute general
funds of the Company. 

- 17 - 

15.9 Legend. 
Each certificate representing shares of Restricted Stock issued to a Participant shall bear the following legend, or a similar legend
deemed by the Company to constitute an appropriate notice of the provisions hereof (any such certificate not having such legend shall
be surrendered upon demand by the Company and so endorsed): 

On the face of the certificate: 

Transfer of this stock is restricted
in accordance with conditions printed on the reverse of this certificate. 

On the reverse: 

The shares of stock evidenced
by this certificate are subject to and transferable only in accordance with that certain Oravax Medical, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive
Plan, a copy of which is on file at the principal office of the Company in New York, New York. No transfer or pledge of the shares evidenced
hereby may be made except in accordance with and subject to the provisions of said Plan. By acceptance of this certificate, any holder,
transferee or pledgee hereof agrees to be bound by all of the provisions of said Plan. 

The following legend shall
be inserted on a certificate evidencing Common Stock issued under the Plan if the shares were not issued in a transaction registered under
the applicable federal and state securities laws: 

Shares of stock represented
by this certificate have been acquired by the holder for investment and not for resale, transfer or distribution, have been issued pursuant
to exemptions from the registration requirements of applicable state and federal securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold
or transferred other than pursuant to effective registration under such laws, or in transactions otherwise in compliance with such laws,
and upon evidence satisfactory to the Company of compliance with such laws, as to which the Company may rely upon an opinion of counsel
satisfactory to the Company. 

15.10 Governing
Law. The Plan shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (excluding any conflict
of laws, rule or principle of Delaware law that might refer the governance, construction, or interpretation of this Plan to the laws of
another state). A Participant s sole remedy for any Claim shall be against the Company, and no Participant shall have any claim
or right of any nature against any Subsidiary of the Company or any stockholder or existing or former director, officer or Employee of
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company. The individuals and entities described above in this Section 15.11 (other than the
Company) shall be third-party beneficiaries of this Plan for purposes of enforcing the terms of this Section 15.11 . 

- 18 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this instrument to be executed as of _________________________, 2021, by its Chief Executive Officer pursuant to prior action
taken by the Board. 

ORAVAX MEDICAL, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

- 19 - 

Designated for the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance 

ARTICLE I 

 Purpose 

1. The purpose of this Oravax Medical, Inc. Israeli Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Israeli Plan shall be as defined in the Oravax Medical, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan ), and is
intended to harmonize the terms and conditions of the Incentive Plan with applicable Israeli law and provide specific provisions regarding
Participants (as defined in the Incentive Plan) who are subject to the Ordinance (defined below). Unless expressly provided in the Israeli
Plan, the provisions of the Incentive Plan shall apply. Capitalized terms not expressly defined in the Israeli Plan shall have the meaning
ascribed to them under the Incentive Plan. 

2. The Israeli Plan is intended to promote the interests of the Company and its Affiliates (defined below),
if any (the Group Companies , and each, a Group Company ), by providing present
and future officers of the Group Companies, other employees of the Group Companies (including directors of the Group Companies), and contractors
of the Group Companies with an incentive to enter into and continue in the employ or service of the Group Companies and to acquire a proprietary
interest in the long-term success of the Group Companies. 

3. The word Affiliate , when used in the Israeli Plan, shall mean any employer
company within the meaning of Section 102(a) of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version), 5721-1961 (the Ordinance ). 1 

ARTICLE II 

 Administration 

4. The Israeli Plan shall be administered by the Board or the Committee (the Administrator as shall be determined by the Board in its discretion. The Administrator shall have the authority, in its sole discretion, subject and
not inconsistent with the express provisions of the Israeli Plan, to administer the Israeli Plan and to exercise all the powers and authorities
specifically granted to it under the Israeli Plan as necessary and advisable in the administration of the Israeli Plan, including, without
limitation: 

a. To determine which of the eligible officers, employees, directors, and contractors of the Group Companies
or other persons shall be granted options to purchase Common Stock (each, an Option ), as that term is defined
below, or other Awards; provided, however, that (i) employees, officers and directors (excluding controlling members as defined in Section
32(9) of the Ordinance 2 ( Employees ,
and each, an Employee may only be granted Awards, pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder, including the Income Tax Regulations (Tax Relief for Issue of Shares to Employees), 5763 - 2003 Section 102 Incentives ); and (ii) those who have no employee/employer relationship with the Group Companies
and are not office holders (such as contractors and service providers), and controlling members Contractors ,
and each, a Contractor ), may only be granted Incentives pursuant to Section 3(i) of the Ordinance Section
3(i) Incentives ); 

b. To determine the type of Incentives to be granted i.e. Section 102 Incentives or Section 3(i)
Incentives) or any other type of Incentive provided in Section 6 of the Incentive Plan, and their Date of Grant; 

c. To determine the number of shares of Common Stock, to which an Incentive may relate, the terms, conditions,
and restrictions of each Award and Incentive, the exercise price of each Option (the Option Exercise Price ),
the date on which each Option or other Incentives becomes exercisable or free of any restrictions (the Exercise Date ),
the Award Period and any other restrictions on (i) the exercise of Options issued hereunder, or (ii) other Incentives; 

d. To determine the form or forms of the Award Agreements under the Israeli Plan Israeli Award
Agreement (which forms shall be consistent with the terms of the Incentive Plan, but need not be identical), any other
instruments that constitute or contain a Company obligation to grant an Incentive under the Israeli Plan (each, a Grant Instrument ),
as that term is defined below, and ancillary documentation; 

e. To determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances an Incentive may be settled, canceled,
forfeited, exchanged, or surrendered; 

f. To construe and interpret the Israeli Plan, Israeli Award Agreements, any Incentive, Grant Instruments,
and ancillary documentation and to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of the Israeli Plan;
and 

g. To prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Israeli Plan. 

1 s. 102 (a) of the Ordinance: employer company 
 any of the following: (1) an employer that is an Israeli resident company or a foreign resident company with a permanent enterprise
or a research and development center in Israel, if the Commissioner so approved (for this purpose: the employer), (2) a company that
is a controlling member of the employer or of which the employer is a controlling member, or (3) a company controlled by a person if
the same person controls the employer . 

2 s. 32(9) of the Ordinance: controlling member 
 a person who holds, directly or indirectly, alone or with a relative, one of the following: (a) at least 10 of the issued share
capital or at least 10 of the voting power; the right to hold at least 10 of the issued share capital or at least 10 of the voting
power, or a right to acquire either; (c) the right to receive at least 10 of the profits; (d) the right to appoint a director. 

- 20 - 

5. All decisions, determinations, and interpretations of the Administrator shall be final, binding, and conclusive
on all Participants, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors. 

6. Insofar as the Board is entitled by law to delegate all or any of its powers and authority granted it
under the Israeli Plan to a Committee, the Board shall be entitled to do so. The Committee s authority shall be as provided in the
Incentive Plan. Any action may be taken by a written document (in lieu of meeting) signed by the Committee, and action so taken shall
be fully effective as if it had been taken by a vote of the majority of the members at a meeting duly called and held. The Committee may
appoint a Secretary who shall keep records of its meetings and shall make such rules and regulations for the conduct of its business as
it shall determine. 

7. No member or former member of the Administrator shall be liable for any action, failure to act, or determination
made in good faith with respect to the Israeli Plan or any right granted thereunder. 

8. The Administrator may designate Incentives granted pursuant to Section 102 as (a) Approved
102 Incentives i.e., Incentives granted pursuant to Section 102(b) of the Ordinance and held in trust by a trustee
for the benefit of the Participant); or (b) Unapproved 102 Incentives i.e. Incentives granted pursuant
to Section 102(c) of the Ordinance and not held in trust by a trustee). 

9. The Administrator may elect for Approved 102 Incentives to be classified as either (a) Work
Income Incentives that qualify for tax treatment in accordance with the provisions of Section 102(b)(1) of the Ordinance;
or (b) Capital Gain Incentives that qualify for tax treatment in accordance with the provisions of Section
102(b)(2) of the Ordinance (the Election 

10. Unapproved 102 Incentives may be granted until the Administrator s Election has been appropriately
filed with the Israeli tax authorities, which election must be made at least thirty days before the date of the first grant of an Approved
102 Incentive under the Israeli Plan or according to the instructions published by the Israeli tax authorities from time to time. The
Election shall remain in effect until the end of the subsequent year following the year during which the Administrator first granted such
Approved 102 Incentives. During the period indicated in the sentence above, the Administrator may grant only the type of Approved 102
Incentive it has elected, which Election shall apply to all Participants who were granted Approved 102 Incentives during the period indicated
herein, all in accordance with the provisions of Section 102(g) of the Ordinance, as amended. For the avoidance of doubt, such Election
shall not prevent the Administrator from granting, at all times, Unapproved 102 Incentives to Employees or Section 3(i) Incentives to
Contractors. 

ARTICLE III 

 Incentive Shares 

11. The shares to be issued under the Israeli Plan (the Incentive Shares shall
be authorized but unissued Common Stock (the Shares ). The total number of Shares reserved for issuance under
the Israeli Plan shall be equal to the total number of Shares reserved under Section 5.1 of the Incentive Plan, subject to any
adjustments and reductions made pursuant to the Incentive Plan. Such Shares are reserved out of the total number of Shares reserved under
 Section 5.1 of the Incentive Plan. 

12. The number of Shares available for grant as Incentives under the Israeli Plan shall be decreased by the
sum of the number of Shares with respect to which Incentives have been issued and are then outstanding and the number of Shares issued
upon exercise of Options. In the event that any outstanding Incentive under the Israeli Plan for any reason expires, is terminated, or
is forfeited or canceled, the Shares covered by the unexercised portion of such Incentive may again be subject to Awards under the Israeli
Plan. 

13. The Company shall at all times during the term of the Israeli Plan reserve and keep available such number
of Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Incentives granted according to the Israeli Plan, shall pay all original
issue taxes (which shall not include income taxes of the Participant), if any, with respect to the issuance of Shares pursuant hereto
and all other fees and expenses necessarily incurred by the Company in connection therewith, and shall, from time to time, use its best
efforts to comply with all laws and regulations which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, shall be applicable thereto. 

- 21 - 

ARTICLE IV 

 Incentive Price 

14. Each Israeli Award Agreement and Grant Instrument with respect to an Award shall set forth the amount
(the Incentive Price which will be paid by the Participant to the Company upon exercise of the Options or
allocation of other Incentives. Payment shall be made in cash or by certified check in the manner prescribed in Article VI (Exercise of
Options, Termination) hereof. 

ARTICLE V 

 Terms of Awards 

15. The Administrator shall determine the dates after which, or circumstances in which, Options may be exercised
or other Incentives may be released of any restriction thereto, in whole or in part. If Incentives are exercisable in installments, then
the installments or portions thereof which are exercisable and not exercised shall remain exercisable until such Incentives expire or
terminate in accordance with the provisions herein. 

16. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Israeli Plan but subject to Section 7.1 of the Incentive
Plan, no Incentive shall be exercisable or otherwise valid after a date ten years from the date of grant of such Award (the Expiration
Date ). 

17. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator with regard to all or any of the Participants or the
Options and subject to Section 7.2 of the Incentive Plan, the Options will be exercisable into Shares, as follows: 

a. 1/4 th of the optioned Shares shall vest and that portion of the Option shall become exercisable
upon the expiration of 12 months after their Date of Grant (the First Vesting Date ), provided, that the Participant
is continuously employed or engaged by a Group Company from the Date of Grant until the end of the First Vesting Date; 

b. an additional 1/4 th of the optioned Shares shall vest and that portion of the Option shall
become exercisable upon the expiration of 24 months after their Date of Grant (the Second Vesting Date ), provided,
that that the Participant is continuously employed or engaged by a Group Company from the First Vesting Date until the end of the Second
Vesting Date; 

c. an additional 1/4 th of the optioned Shares shall vest and that portion of the Option shall
become exercisable upon the expiration of 36 months after their Date of Grant the Award (the Third Vesting Date ),
provided, that the Participant is continuously employed or engaged by a Group Company from the Second Vesting Date until the end of the
Third Vesting Date; and 

d. an additional 1/4 th of the optioned Shares shall vest and that portion of the Option shall
become exercisable upon the expiration of 48 months after their Date of Grant (the Fourth Vesting Date ), provided,
that the Participant is continuously employed or engaged by a Group Company from the Third Vesting Date until the end of the Forth Vesting
Date. 

ARTICLE VI 

 Exercise of Options, Termination 

18. Subject to Article X (Trustee) below and as more fully provided in Section 8.3 of the Incentive
Plan, the exercise of any Option shall be effected by a Participant signing and returning to the Company at its principal office a notice
of exercise in the form prescribed from time to time by the Company or the Committee (a Notice of Exercise ),
along with payment for the Incentive Shares purchased thereby. Such payment will be made in dollars or shekels in accordance with the
terms of the specific Israeli Award Agreement. 

19. Subject to Article X (Trustee) below, the Company shall issue Incentive Shares, in the name of the respective
Participant, and deliver to him a certificate or certificates, as the case may be, representing such Shares as soon as practicable after
a Notice of Exercise and payment for the Shares shall be received. If Article X (Trustee) applies, then exercise of the Incentives will
be subject to the agreement with the Trustee, as that term is defined below, and in accordance with Section 102 of the Ordinance. 

- 22 - 

20. The Company may, if required under any Applicable Law, require that a Participant deposit with the Company,
in cash, at the time of exercise, such amount as the Company deems necessary to satisfy its obligations to withhold taxes or other amounts
incurred by reason of the exercise or the transfer of Shares thereupon. 

21. All Shares purchased upon the exercise of an Option or other grant of an Incentive as provided herein
shall be fully paid and non-assessable. 

22. In the event that an Option is exercised by any person or persons other than the Participant, pursuant
to Article VII (Non-Transferability of Incentive Rights), such Notice of Exercise shall be accompanied by appropriate proof of the right
of such person or persons to exercise the Option. 

23. If the Participant shall cease to be employed or engaged by a Group Company, as the result of his resignation,
then the Participant shall have the right to exercise the Options, but only to the extent that the Options are exercisable as of the date
Participant resigns (according to the provisions of Article V (Terms of Awards)), within 30 days as of the Termination Date (defined below). 

24. If the Participant shall cease to be employed or engaged by a Group Company, as the result of his dismissal
without Cause (defined below), then the Participant shall have the right to exercise the Options, but only to the extent that the Options
are exercisable on the date of Participant s dismissal (according to the provisions of Article V (Terms of Awards)), within 60 days
after the Termination Date. 

25. If the Participant shall cease to be employed or engaged by a Group Company as the result of his disability
or retirement with the consent of the Group Company, then the Option, to the extent that it is exercisable by him at the time he ceases
to be employed or engaged by the Group Company, and only to the extent that the Option is exercisable as of such time as defined in Article
V (Terms of Awards), may be exercised by him within one year, after the Termination Date. 

26. If the Participant shall die while employed or engaged by a Group Company, his estate, personal representative,
or beneficiary shall have the right, subject to the provisions of Article V (Terms of Options), to exercise the Option (to the extent
that the Participant would have been entitled to do so at the time of his death) at any time within two years from the date of his death. 

27. If the Participants shall be terminated for Cause, then, all Options, whether exercisable or not on the
date that the Group Company delivers to the employee a termination notice, will expire and may not be further exercised. 

28. For the purpose of the Israeli Plan, Cause shall have the meaning ascribed
to such term in any employment, consulting, or other service agreement in effect by and between the Company and the Participant; provided,
however, at any time there is no such agreement in effect, or if such agreement does not define such term, the term Cause 
shall mean that the Participant shall have: (a) committed an act of fraud, embezzlement or theft in connection with the Participant s
duties or in the course of the Participant s employment with any Group Company or is convicted of a felony; (b) intentionally and
wrongfully damaged property of any Group Company, or any of their respective Affiliates, associates, or customers; (c) intentionally or
wrongfully disclosed any confidential information of any Group Company; (d) made material personal benefit at the expense of any Group
Company without the prior written consent of the management of the Company; (e) materially breached any employment, consulting, or other
service agreement in effect by and between any Group Company and the Participant; or (f) willfully and persistently, without reasonable
justification, failed or refused to follow the lawful and proper directives of any Group Company specifying in reasonable detail the alleged
failure or refusal and after a reasonable opportunity for the Participant to cure the alleged failure or refusal. 

29. In the event of the institution of any legal proceedings directed to the validity of the Israeli Plan
or any Option, the Company may, in its sole discretion, and without incurring any liability therefore to the Participant, terminate such
Option. 

30. All terms and conditions herein are subject to any Applicable Law. 

31. For purposes of this Article VI, Termination Date shall mean the date on which
Participant s employment or engagement with a Group Company is terminated. 

- 23 - 

ARTICLE VII 

 Non-Transferability of Incentive Rights 

32. An Incentive that is granted hereunder shall not be transferable otherwise than by will or the laws of
descent and distribution. To the extent provided in Article VI (Exercise of Options, Termination), an Option may be exercised, during
the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. More particularly (but without limiting the generality of the foregoing), the
Option may not be assigned, transferred (except as provided above), pledged or hypothecated in any way, shall not be assignable by operation
of law, and shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process. Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation
or other disposition of an Incentive contrary to the provisions of the Israeli Award Agreement or the Israeli Plan, and the levy of any
execution, attachment, or similar process upon the Incentive, shall be null and void and without effect; provided, however, that if the
Participant shall die while in the employ of the Company or any subsidiary, his estate, personal representative, or beneficiary shall
have the right to exercise the Option to the extent exercisable in accordance with Article VI (Exercise of Options, Termination). 

ARTICLE VIII 

 Adjustments 

33. Except as otherwise provided by Section 12.4 of the Incentive Plan, upon the occurrence of any
of the following events (each a Transaction ): 

a. a merger or consolidation of the Company (a Merger with or into any company
(the Successor Company resulting in the Successor Company being the surviving entity; or 

b. an acquisition of: (i) all or substantially all of the shares or assets of the Company in one or more
related transactions to another party (a Share Sale ), or (ii) all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company, in one or more related transactions to another party, in each case such acquirer of shares or assets is referred to herein as
the Acquiring Company 

for any unexercised Incentive remain
outstanding under the Israeli Plan (the Unexercised Incentive ), there shall be substituted for the Shares
subject to the Unexercised Incentive an appropriate number of shares of such class of shares or other securities of the Successor Company
or the Acquiring Company, as the case may be (or, if such company is not an operating company, of the first operating company in the ownership
chain of such company) (the Substitute Shares ). Appropriate equitable adjustments shall be made in the purchase
price per share of the Substitute Shares subject to the Unexercised Incentive, and all other terms and conditions of the Israeli Award
Agreements, such as the vesting dates, shall remain in force, all as will be determined by the Board whose determination shall be final. 

34. The Administrator shall have full authority to determine any provisions regarding the acceleration of
the vesting period of any Incentive or the cancellation of all or any portion of any outstanding restrictions with respect to any Incentive
upon certain events or occurrences, and to include such provisions in the Israeli Award Agreement on such terms and conditions as the
Committee shall deem appropriate. 

35. Subject to Applicable Law, the Administrator shall have full authority to, at any time and from time to
time, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, (a) grant, in its discretion to the holder of an outstanding Incentive,
in exchange for the surrender and cancellation of such Incentive, a new Incentive having an exercise price or purchase price, as the case
may be, lower than provided in the Award (and related Israeli Award Agreement) so surrendered and canceled and containing such other terms
and conditions as the Committee may prescribe in accordance with the provisions of the Israeli Plan and any Applicable Law, or (b) effectuate
a decrease in the Incentive Price of outstanding Incentives. At the full discretion of the Administrator, such actions may be brought
before the stockholders of the Company for their approval, to the extent not otherwise required by Applicable Law. 

36. In the event of a Share Sale or a Merger, each Participant shall participate in the Share Sale or the
Merger and sell or exchange, as the case may be, all of his or her Shares and Incentives in the Company, provided, however, that each
such Share or Incentive shall be sold or exchanged at a price or ratio (as the case may be) equal to that of any other share sold or exchanged
under the Share Sale or the Merger (minus the applicable exercise price), while accounting for changes in such price or ratio due to the
respective terms of any such Award. 

37. With respect to Incentive Shares held in trust the following procedure will be applied: the Trustee (as
defined below) will transfer the Incentive Shares held in trust and sign any document in order to effectuate the transfer of Incentive
Shares, including share transfer deeds, provided, however, that the Trustee receives a notice from the Board, specifying that: (a) all
or substantially all of the issued outstanding share capital of the Company is to be sold or exchanged, and therefore the Trustee is obligated
to transfer the Incentive Shares held in trust; (b) the Company is obligated to withhold at the source all taxes required to be paid upon
release of the Incentive Shares from the trust and to provide the Trustee with evidence, satisfactory to the Trustee, that such taxes
indeed have been paid; and (c) the Company is obligated to transfer the consideration for the Incentive Shares directly to the Participant. 

- 24 - 

ARTICLE IX 

 Changes in Capitalization 

38. In case of any change in capitalization event as provided in Article 11 of the Incentive Plan,
appropriate equitable adjustments shall be made by the Board, whose determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to the number
of Shares which may be purchased under the Israeli Plan, the number of Shares subject to Awards, and the Incentive Price per Share which
may be purchased under outstanding Israeli Award Agreements, all as in accordance with Article 11 of the Incentive Plan. 

ARTICLE X 

 Trustee 

39. Approved 102 Incentives granted under the Israeli Plan and any Shares allocated or issued upon exercise
of such Approved 102 Incentives, including all rights attaching to such shares, and other shares received subsequently following any realization
of rights (including bonus shares), will be allocated or issued to a trustee nominated by the Board (the Trustee and approved in accordance with the provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance, and will be held by the Trustee for the benefit of the
Participants. 

40. Approved 102 Incentives and any Shares received following exercise of Approved 102 Incentives, including
all rights attached to such Shares, and other Shares received subsequently following any realization of rights (including bonus Shares),
will be held by the Trustee for a period of (a) at least 24 months from the Date of Grant of the Capital Gain Incentives , or (b) at least
12 months from the Date of Grant of the Work Income Incentives (the Trust Period ). If the requirements for
Approved 102 Incentives are not met, then the Approved 102 Incentives will be regarded as Unapproved 102 Incentives. Notwithstanding the
aforesaid, Shares received upon the exercise of Incentives may be sold or transferred, and the Trustee may release such Shares (or Approved
102 Incentives) from trust, prior to the lapse of the Trust Period; provided, however, that tax is paid or withheld in accordance with
Section 102(b)(4) of the Ordinance and Section 7 of the Income Tax Rules (Tax Relief in Issuance of Shares to Employees), 2003. However,
the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, require a Participant not to sell the Shares or transfer the Incentives in the Participant s
name prior to the lapse of the Trust Period. 

41. All rights attaching to any Shares received following exercise of Approved 102 Incentives, and other shares
received subsequently following any realization of rights (including bonus Shares), will be subject to the same taxation treatment applicable
to such received Shares. 

42. Section 3(i) Incentives granted under the Israeli Plan and any Shares allocated or issued upon exercise
of such Section 3(i) Incentives and other Shares received following any realization of rights, in the Administrator s discretion,
may be allocated or issued to a Trustee and will be held by the Trustee until all of the terms required for release thereof, as set forth
herein and in the applicable Israeli Award Agreement with the Participant, are fulfilled, including payment of the required taxes. Anything
to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall not transfer to a Participant any Section 3(i) Incentives which were not already exercised
into Shares by the Participant. 

43. The Trustee shall not transfer to the Participant any Shares allocated or issued upon exercise of Incentives
prior to the full payment of the Participant s tax liabilities arising from or relating to Incentives, which were granted to the
Participant or any Shares allocated or issued upon exercise of such Incentives. 

ARTICLE XI 

 No Obligation to Exercise Incentive 

44. Granting of an Incentive shall impose no obligation on the recipient to exercise such Incentive. 

- 25 - 

ARTICLE XII 

 Use of Proceeds 

45. The proceeds received from the issuance of Shares upon exercise of Incentives pursuant to the Israeli
Plan shall be used for general corporate purposes. 

ARTICLE XIII 

 Rights of a Stockholder; Voting Rights 

46. The Participant shall have no rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares to be acquired by the exercise
of an Incentive until a certificate or certificates representing such Shares are issued to him following exercise of those Incentives
which are fully vested and exercisable. Upon issuance of a certificate or certificates, the Participant shall have the rights of a stockholder
attaching to Shares subject to any restrictions or legends under any Applicable Law, the Israeli Plan, or the Incentive Plan. 

ARTICLE XIV 

 Employment Rights 

47. Nothing in the Israeli Plan or in any Approved 102 Incentive granted hereunder shall confer on any Participant
who is an employee or service provider any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or a Group Company, or to interfere
in any way with the right of the Company or a Group Company to terminate the Participant s employment or engagement at any time. 

ARTICLE XV 

 Compliance with the Law 

48. The Company and each of its Affiliates shall be relieved from any liability for the non-issuance or non-transfer
or any delay in issuance or transfer of any Shares subject to Incentives under the Israeli Plan which results from the inability of the
Company or its Affiliates to obtain, or from any delay in obtaining, from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, all requisite authority
to issue or transfer the Shares upon exercise of the Incentives under the Israeli Plan, if counsel for the Company deems such authority
necessary for lawful issuance or transfer of any such shares. Appropriate legends may be placed on the stock certificates evidencing shares
issued upon exercise of Incentives to reflect such transfer restrictions. 

ARTICLE XVI 

 Transfer of Shares 

49. Any issued Shares shall, unless such shares are registered in accordance with the United States Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), be sold only in accordance with exemptions under such Act. There shall
be no exercises, transfers, sales, or other dispositions of issued Shares unless such shares are either registered or exempt from registration;
provided, however, that such exercise, transfer, or other disposition may be subject to any lock up provision as agreed by the Company. 

ARTICLE XVII 

 Investment Representation 

50. Each Participant exercising any Incentive under the Israeli Plan acknowledges, by virtue of such exercise,
that the Company has not, as of the date of the approval of this Plan by the Board, registered the Shares covered thereby under the Act.
The Participant shall sign and deliver to the Company, if requested, a separate investment representation, certificate, or such other
document as may be required by the Company s counsel, to such effect; provided, however, that such Incentive, representation, certificate,
or other document may provide that the said investment restriction shall not be operative as to such Shares as may in the future be registered
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Act. Furthermore, the Company may place a legend on any Shares certificate
delivered to the Participant to the effect that such Shares were acquired pursuant to an investment representation and without registration
of the Shares. 

- 26 - 

ARTICLE XVIII 

 Effectiveness and Term of Plan 

51. The Israeli Plan was originally adopted by the Board on December __, 2021. The Israeli Plan shall expire
on December __, 2031, except as to Incentives outstanding on that date. No Incentive shall be granted pursuant to the Israeli Plan after
its expiration. All Shares reserved for issuance under the Israeli Plan, in respect of which the right of a Participant to purchase the
same shall for any reason terminate, expire, or otherwise cease to exist, shall again be available for grant through Incentives under
the Israeli Plan. 

ARTICLE XIX 

 Amendment or Discontinuance of Plan 

52. The Board may, without the consent of the stockholders of the Company or the Participants under the Israeli
Plan, at any time terminate the Israeli Plan entirely and at any time, from time to time, amend or modify the Israeli Plan, provided that
no such action shall adversely affect Incentives granted hereunder without the Participant s consent, and provided further that
no such action by the Board, without the approval of the stockholders, may increase the total number of Shares which may be purchased
pursuant to Incentives granted under the Israeli Plan. 

ARTICLE XX 

 Tax Consequences and Other Requirements 

53. The exercise of an Incentive that is granted hereunder shall be subject to the condition that if at any
time the Company shall determine in its discretion that the satisfaction of withholding tax or other withholding liabilities, or that
the listing, registration, or qualification of any shares otherwise deliverable upon such exercise upon any securities exchange or under
any national, state, or federal law, or that the consent or approval of any regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition
of, or in connection with, such exercise in the delivery or purchase of shares pursuant thereto, then in any such event, such exercise
shall not be effective unless such withholding, listing, registration, qualification, consent, or approval shall have been effected or
obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Any tax obligations arising from the grant or exercise of an Incentive,
from the payment for the Shares covered thereby, or from any other event or act (of the Company or the Participant) hereunder, shall be
borne solely by the Participant. Furthermore, the Participant hereby agrees and undertakes to indemnify the Company, its directors and
officers and any Trustee that holds the Incentives, and hold them harmless against and from any and all liability for any such tax or
interest thereon, including, without limitation, liabilities relating to the necessity to withhold, or to have withheld, any such tax
from any payment made to the Participants. 

ARTICLE XXI 

 Governing Law 

54. The Israeli Plan and all instruments issued hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of Israel. 

ARTICLE XXII 

 Notices 

55. Each notice relating to the Israeli Plan shall be in writing and delivered in person or by first class
mail; postage prepaid, to the address as hereinafter provided. Each notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date it is received.
Each notice to the Company shall be addressed to it at its principal offices. Each notice to the Participant or other person or persons
then entitled to exercise an Incentive shall be addressed to the Participant or such other person or persons at the Participant s
last known address. 

ARTICLE XXIII 

 Interpretation 

56. The interpretation and construction of any terms or conditions of the Israeli Plan, or of the Israeli
Award Agreement or other matters related to the Israeli Plan by the Administrator shall be final and conclusive. 

- 27 - 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 9
 f10k2022ex10-42_oramedpharma.htm
 ORAVAX STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.42 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

ORAVAX MEDICAL, INC. 

 2021 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

1. Grant
of Option . Pursuant to the Oravax Medical, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan for Employees,
Contractors, and Outside Directors of Oravax Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), the Company
grants to 

(the Participant 

an option (the Stock
Option to purchase a total of ___________ full shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Optioned Shares at an Option Price equal to ____ per share (being the Fair Market Value per share of the Common Stock on
the Date of Grant). 

The Date of Grant 
of this Stock Option is ______________. The Option Period shall commence on the Date of Grant and shall expire
on the date immediately preceding the tenth (10 th anniversary of the Date of Grant, unless terminated earlier in accordance
with Section 4 below. The Stock Option is a Nonqualified Stock Option that is intended to comply with the provisions governing
nonqualified stock options under the final Treasury Regulations issued on April 17, 2007, in order to exempt this Stock Option from
application of Section 409A of the Code. 

2. Subject
to Plan . The Stock Option and its exercise are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, and the terms of the Plan shall control
to the extent not otherwise inconsistent with the provisions of this Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (this Agreement ).
The capitalized terms used herein that are defined in the Plan shall have the same meanings assigned to them in the Plan. The Stock Option
is subject to any rules promulgated pursuant to the Plan by the Board or the Committee, as applicable, and communicated to the Participant
in writing. 

3. Vesting;
Time of Exercise . Except as specifically provided in this Agreement and subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in
the Plan, the Optioned Shares shall be vested and the Stock Option shall be exercisable as follows: 

4. a. __ 
of the total Optioned Shares shall vest and that portion of the Stock Option shall be exercisable on the Date of Grant. 

b. __ 
of the total Optioned Shares shall vest and that portion of the Stock Option shall become exercisable on _________________, provided the
Participant is employed by (or, if the Participant is a Contractor or an Outside Director, is providing services to) the Company or a
Subsidiary on that date. 

c. __ 
of the total Optioned Shares shall vest and that portion of the Stock Option shall become exercisable on _________________, provided the
Participant is employed by (or, if the Participant is a Contractor or an Outside Director, is providing services to) the Company or a
Subsidiary on that date. 

d. __ 
of the total Optioned Shares shall vest and that portion of the Stock Option shall become exercisable on _________________, provided the
Participant is employed by (or, if the Participant is a Contractor or an Outside Director, is providing services to) the Company or a
Subsidiary on that date. 

In the event that
a Change in Control occurs, then immediately prior to the effective date of such Change in Control, the total Optioned Shares not previously
vested shall thereupon immediately become vested and this Stock Option shall become fully exercisable, if not previously so exercisable. 

5. Term;
Forfeiture . 

a. Except
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, to the extent the unexercised portion of the Stock Option relates to Optioned Shares that are
not vested on the date of the Participant s Termination of Service, the Stock Option will be terminated on that date. The unexercised
portion of the Stock Option that relates to Optioned Shares which are vested on such date will terminate at the first of the following
to occur: 

i. 5
p.m. on the date the Option Period terminates; 

ii. 5
p.m. on the date which is twelve (12) months following the date of the Participant s Termination of Service due to death or Total
and Permanent Disability; 

iii. immediately
upon the Participant s Termination of Service by the Company for Cause (as defined herein); 

iv. 5
p.m. on the date which is ninety (90) days following the date of the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason not otherwise
specified in this Section 4.a. ; or 

v. 5
p.m. on the date the Company causes any portion of the Stock Option to be forfeited pursuant to Section 7 hereof. 

b. For
purposes hereof, Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in any employment, consulting, or other
service agreement in effect by and between the Company and the Participant; provided, however, at any time there is no such agreement
in effect, or if such agreement does not define such term, the term Cause shall mean that the Participant
shall have: (i) committed an act of fraud, embezzlement or theft in connection with the Participant s duties or in the course of
the Participant s employment with the Company, (ii) intentionally and wrongfully damaged property of the Company, or any of its
respective affiliates, associates, or customers, (iii) intentionally or wrongfully disclosed any confidential information, (iv) made material
personal benefit at the expense of the Company without the prior written consent of the management of the Company, (v) materially breached
any employment, consulting, or other service agreement in effect by and between the Company and the Participant, or (vi) willfully and
persistently, without reasonable justification, failed or refused to follow the lawful and proper directives of the Company specifying
in reasonable detail the alleged failure or refusal and after a reasonable opportunity for the Participant to cure the alleged failure
or refusal. 

2 

6. Who
May Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Sections 3 and 4 above, during the lifetime of the
Participant, the Stock Option may be exercised only by the Participant, or by the Participant s guardian or personal or legal representative.
If the Participant s Termination of Service is due to his death prior to the dates specified in Section 4.a. hereof, and
the Participant has not exercised the Stock Option as to the maximum number of vested Optioned Shares as set forth in Section 3 
hereof as of the date of death, the following persons may exercise the exercisable portion of the Stock Option on behalf of the Participant
at any time prior to the earliest of the dates specified in Section 4.a. hereof: the personal representative of his estate
or the person who acquired the right to exercise the Stock Option by bequest or inheritance or by reason of the death of the Participant,
provided that the Stock Option shall remain subject to the other terms of this Agreement, the Plan, and all Applicable Laws, rules, and
regulations. 

7. No
Fractional Shares . The Stock Option may be exercised only with respect to full shares, and no fractional share of stock shall be issued. 

8. Manner
of Exercise . Subject to such administrative regulations as the Committee may from time to time adopt, the Stock Option may be exercised
by the delivery of written notice to the Committee setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Stock
Option is to be exercised (the Exercise Notice and the date of exercise thereof (the Exercise
Date ), which shall be the date that the Participant has delivered to the Company both the Exercise Notice and consideration
with a value equal to the total Option Price of the shares to be purchased (plus any employment tax withholding or other tax payment due
with respect to the Stock Option), payable as follows: (a) cash, check, bank draft, or money order payable to the order of the Company;
(b) Common Stock (including Restricted Stock) owned by the Participant on the Exercise Date, valued at its Fair Market Value on the Exercise
Date, and which the Participant has not acquired from the Company within six (6) months prior to the Exercise Date; (c) by delivery (including
by FAX or electronic transmission) to the Company or its designated agent of an executed irrevocable option exercise form (or, to the
extent permitted by the Company, exercise instructions, which may be communicated in writing, telephonically, or electronically) together
with irrevocable instructions from the Participant to a broker or dealer, reasonably acceptable to the Company, to sell certain of the
shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of the Stock Option or to pledge such shares as collateral for a loan and promptly deliver
to the Company the amount of sale or loan proceeds necessary to pay such purchase price; (d) by requesting the Company to withhold the
number of shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of the Stock Option by the number of shares of Common Stock having an aggregate Fair
Market Value equal to the aggregate Option Price at the time of exercise i.e., a cashless net exercise), and/or (e) in any other
form of valid consideration that is acceptable to the Committee in its sole discretion. In the event that shares of Restricted Stock are
tendered as consideration for the exercise of a Stock Option, a number of shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise of the Stock
Option equal to the number of shares of Restricted Stock used as consideration therefor shall be subject to the same restrictions and
provisions as the Restricted Stock so tendered. If the Participant fails to deliver the consideration described in this Section 7 
within three (3) business days of the date of the Exercise Notice, then the Exercise Notice shall be null and void and the Company will
have no obligation to deliver any shares of Common Stock to the Participant in connection with such Exercise Notice. 

Upon payment of all amounts
due from the Participant, the Company shall cause certificates for the Common Stock then being purchased to be delivered as directed by
the Participant (or the person exercising the Participant s Stock Option in the event of the Participant s death) at its principal
business office promptly after the Exercise Date. The obligation of the Company to deliver shares of Common Stock shall, however, be subject
to the condition that, if at any time the Company shall determine in its discretion that the listing, registration, or qualification of
the Stock Option or the Common Stock upon any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system or under any state or federal law,
or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary as a condition of, or in connection with, the Stock Option
or the issuance or purchase of shares of Common Stock thereunder, then the Stock Option may not be exercised in whole or in part unless
such listing, registration, qualification, consent, or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not reasonably
acceptable to the Committee. 

If the Participant fails to
pay for any of the Optioned Shares specified in such notice or fails to accept delivery thereof, that portion of the Participant s
Stock Option and the right to purchase such Optioned Shares may be forfeited by the Participant. 

3 

9. Nonassignability .
The Stock Option is not assignable or transferable by the Participant except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 

10. Rights
as Stockholder . The Participant will have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any of the Optioned Shares until the issuance
of a certificate or certificates to the Participant for the shares of Common Stock. The Optioned Shares shall be subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Section 10 hereof, no adjustment shall be made for dividends
or other rights for which the record date is prior to the issuance of such certificate or certificates. The Participant, by his execution
of this Agreement, agrees to execute any documents requested by the Company in connection with the issuance of the shares of Common Stock. 

11. Adjustment
of Number of Optioned Shares and Related Matters . The number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Stock Option, and the Option
Prices thereof, shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Articles 11 - 13 of the Plan. 

12. Nonqualified
Stock Option . The Stock Option shall not be treated as an Incentive Stock Option. 

13. Voting .
The Participant, as record holder of some or all of the Optioned Shares following exercise of this Stock Option, has the exclusive right
to vote, or consent with respect to, such Optioned Shares until such time as the Optioned Shares are transferred in accordance with this
Agreement; provided, however, that this Section shall not create any voting right where the holders of such Optioned Shares otherwise
have no such right. 

14. Specific
Performance . The parties acknowledge that remedies at law will be inadequate remedies for breach of this Agreement and consequently
agree that this Agreement shall be enforceable by specific performance. The remedy of specific performance shall be cumulative of all
of the rights and remedies at law or in equity of the parties under this Agreement. 

15. Participant s
Representations . Notwithstanding any of the provisions hereof, the Participant hereby agrees that he will not exercise the Stock Option
granted hereby, and that the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to the Participant hereunder, if the exercise thereof or
the issuance of such shares shall constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company of any provision of any law or regulation of
any governmental authority. Any determination in this connection by the Company shall be final, binding, and conclusive. The obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Participant are subject to all Applicable Laws, rules, and regulations. 

16. Investment
Representation . Unless the shares of Common Stock are issued to the Participant in a transaction registered under applicable federal
and state securities laws, by his execution hereof, the Participant represents and warrants to the Company that all Common Stock which
may be purchased hereunder will be acquired by the Participant for investment purposes for his own account and not with any intent for
resale or distribution in violation of federal or state securities laws. Unless the Common Stock is issued to him in a transaction registered
under the applicable federal and state securities laws, all certificates issued with respect to the Common Stock shall bear an appropriate
restrictive investment legend and shall be held indefinitely, unless they are subsequently registered under the applicable federal and
state securities laws or the Participant obtains an opinion of counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to the Company and its counsel,
that such registration is not required. 

17. Lock-up
Agreement . The Participant agrees that in connection with any underwritten public offering of Common Stock, including the Company s
initial public offering, the Optioned Shares may not be sold, offered for sale, pledged or otherwise disposed of or transferred without
the prior written consent of the Company or the principal underwriter managing such public offering, as the case may be, for at least
one hundred eighty (180) days after the effectiveness of the registration statement filed in connection with such offering, or such longer
period of time as the Board of Directors or the principal underwriter may determine, if all of the Company s directors and officers
agree to be similarly bound. In the event of the declaration of a stock dividend, a spin-off, a stock split, an adjustment in conversion
ratio, a recapitalization or a similar transaction affecting the Company s outstanding securities without receipt of consideration,
any new, substituted or additional securities which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any Optioned Shares
subject to this Section 16 or into which such Optioned Shares thereby become convertible shall immediately be subject to this Section
16 . Appropriate adjustments to reflect the distribution of such securities or property shall be made to the number and/or class of
the Optioned Shares subject to this Section 16 . The obligations under this Section 16 shall remain effective for all underwritten
public offerings with respect to which the Company has filed a registration statement on or before the date five (5) years after the closing
of the Company s initial public offering; provided, however, that this Section 16 shall cease to apply to any Optioned Shares
sold to the public pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from the registration requirements of the United States
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in a transaction that complied with the terms of this Agreement. 

4 

18. Participant s
Acknowledgments . The Participant acknowledges that a copy of the Plan has been made available for his review by the Company and represents
that he is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts this Stock Option subject to all the terms and provisions
thereof. The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee or
the Board, as appropriate, upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. 

19. Law
Governing . This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (excluding
any conflict of laws rule or principle of Delaware law that might refer the governance, construction, or interpretation of this Agreement
to the laws of another state). 

20. No
Right to Continue Service or Employment . Nothing herein shall be construed to confer upon the Participant the right to continue in
the employ or to provide services to the Company or any Subsidiary, whether as an Employee, Contractor, or Outside Director, or to interfere
with or restrict in any way the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to discharge the Participant as an Employee, Contractor, or Outside
Director at any time. 

21. Legal
Construction. In the event that any one or more of the terms, provisions, or agreements that are contained in this Agreement shall
be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the invalid, illegal,
or unenforceable term, provision, or agreement shall not affect any other term, provision, or agreement that is contained in this Agreement,
and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable term, provision, or agreement had never
been contained herein. 

22. Covenants
and Agreements as Independent Agreements . Each of the covenants and agreements that is set forth in this Agreement shall be construed
as a covenant and agreement independent of any other provision of this Agreement. The existence of any claim or cause of action of the
Participant against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement
by the Company of the covenants and agreements that are set forth in this Agreement. 

23. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement together with the Plan supersede any and all other prior understandings and agreements, either oral or in
writing, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and constitute the sole and only agreements between the parties
with respect to the said subject matter. All prior negotiations and agreements between the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof are merged into this Agreement. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements,
orally or otherwise, have been made by any party or by anyone acting on behalf of any party, which are not embodied in this Agreement
or the Plan and that any agreement, statement, or promise that is not contained in this Agreement or the Plan shall not be valid or binding
or of any force or effect. 

24. Parties
Bound . The terms, provisions, and agreements that are contained in this Agreement shall apply to, be binding upon, and inure to the
benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, and permitted successors and assigns,
subject to the limitation on assignment expressly set forth herein. 

25. Modification .
No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties unless the change or modification is in writing
and signed by the parties; provided, however, that the Company may change or modify this Agreement without the Participant s consent
or signature if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such change or modification is necessary for purposes of compliance
with or exemption from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or other guidance issued thereunder. Notwithstanding
the preceding sentence, the Company may amend the Plan to the extent permitted by the Plan. 

5 

26. Headings .
The headings that are used in this Agreement are used for reference and convenience purposes only and do not constitute substantive matters
to be considered in construing the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 

27. Gender
and Number . Words of any gender used in this Agreement shall be held and construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular
number shall be held to include the plural, and vice versa, unless the context requires otherwise. 

28. Notice .
Any notice required or permitted to be delivered hereunder shall be deemed to be delivered only when actually received by the Company
or by the Participant, as the case may be, at the addresses set forth below, or at such other addresses as they have theretofore specified
by written notice delivered in accordance herewith: 

a. Notice
to the Company shall be addressed and delivered as follows: 

Oravax Medical, Inc. 

 1185 Avenue of the Americas 

 New York, NY 10036 

 Attn: Avi Gabay, CFO 

 Avi@ora-vax.com 

b. Notice
to the Participant shall be addressed and delivered as set forth on the signature page. 

29. Tax
Requirements . The Participant is hereby advised to consult immediately with his own tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of
this Agreement. The Company or, if applicable, any Subsidiary (for purposes of this Section 28 , the term Company 
shall be deemed to include any applicable Subsidiary), shall have the right to deduct from all amounts paid in cash or other form in connection
with the Plan and this Agreement, any federal, state, local, or other taxes required by law to be withheld in connection with this Stock
Option. The Company may, in its sole discretion, also require the Participant receiving shares of Common Stock issued under the Plan to
pay the Company the amount of any taxes that the Company is required to withhold in connection with the Participant s income arising
with respect to this Stock Option. Such payments shall be required to be made when requested by the Company and may be required to be
made prior to the delivery of any certificate representing shares of Common Stock. Such payment may be made by (a) the delivery of cash
to the Company in an amount that equals or exceeds (to avoid the issuance of fractional shares under (c) below) the required tax withholding
obligations of the Company; (b) if the Company, in its sole discretion, so consents in writing, the actual delivery by the exercising
Participant to the Company of shares of Common Stock that the Participant has not acquired from the Company within six (6) months prior
to the date of exercise, which shares so delivered have an aggregate Fair Market Value that equals or exceeds (to avoid the issuance of
fractional shares under (c) below) the required tax withholding payment; (c) if the Company, in its sole discretion, so consents in writing,
the Company s withholding of a number of shares to be delivered upon the exercise of the Stock Option, which shares so withheld
have an aggregate Fair Market Value that equals (but does not exceed) the required tax withholding payment; or (d) any combination of
(a), (b), or (c). The Company may, in its sole discretion, withhold any such taxes from any other cash remuneration otherwise paid by
the Company to the Participant. 

[ Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; 

 Signature Page Follows. ] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and the Participant, to evidence his consent and approval of
all the terms hereof, has duly executed this Agreement, as of the date specified in Section 1 hereof. 

COMPANY: 

ORAVAX MEDICAL, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PARTICIPANT: 

Signature 

Name: 

Address: 

7 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-23.1>
 10
 f10k2022ex23-1_oramedpharma.htm
 CONSENT OF KESSELMAN & KESSELMAN, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-252696 and 333-257926 and 333-257128) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-244380, 333-234303, 333-213835, 333-199120,
333-190222, 333-163919 and 333-266105) of Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. of our report dated March 6, 2023 relating to the financial statements,
which appears in this Form 10-K. 

Tel-Aviv, Israel 
 /S/ Kesselman Kesselman 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 Certified Public Accountants (lsr.) 

A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited 

Kesselman Kesselman, Derech Menachem Begin 146, Tel-Aviv 6492103,
Israel, 

 P.O Box 7187 Tel-Aviv 6107120 Telephone: +972 -3- 7954555, Fax:+972
-3- 7954556, www.pwc.com/il 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 f10k2022ex31-1_oramedpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 

UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED 

I, Nadav Kidron, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oramed Pharmaceuticals
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Nadav Kidron 

Nadav Kidron 

President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 f10k2022ex31-2_oramedpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 

UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED 

I, David Silberman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oramed Pharmaceuticals
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David Silberman 

David Silberman 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 f10k2022ex32-1_oramedpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the annual report of Oramed
Pharmaceuticals Inc., or the Company, on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof, or the Report, I, Nadav Kidron, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Nadav Kidron 

Nadav Kidron 

President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 f10k2022ex32-2_oramedpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the annual report of Oramed
Pharmaceuticals Inc., or the Company, on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof, or the Report, I, David Silberman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David Silberman 

David Silberman 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 ormp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 ormp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 ormp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 ormp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 ormp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

