<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1874875_0001493152-23-010279.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6602621</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>314961</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1338601</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2455414</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1022288</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1310052</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010279.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161609
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010279
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hour Loop, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001874875
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		IRS NUMBER:				472869399
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41204
		FILM NUMBER:		23787891

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8201 164TH AVE NE #200
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052-7615
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206 385 0488

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8201 164TH AVE NE #200
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052-7615

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010279.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______, 20 ____, to ______, 20_____. 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

, ext. 100 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

N/A 
 
 (Title of class) 

N/A 
 
 (Title of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates based upon the closing price of 2.55 per share
of common stock as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was
 . 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Table
of Contents 

Page

Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 35 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 37 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 46 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 47 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 53 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 63 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 65 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 68 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 68 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 70 

Signatures 
 71 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
of the statements contained in this annual report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal
securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

the level of demand for
 our products and services; 

competition in our markets; 

our ability to grow and
 manage growth profitably; 

our ability to access additional
 capital; 

changes in applicable laws
 or regulations; 

our ability to attract
 and retain qualified personnel; 

the possibility that we
 may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and 

other risks and uncertainties,
 including those listed under the captions Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

This
Business section, along with other sections of this annual report on Form 10-K, includes statistical and other industry and market data
that we obtained from industry publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Industry publications and third-party
research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although
they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe that these industry publications and third-party
research, surveys and studies are reliable, we have not independently verified such data and we do not make any representation as to
the accuracy of the information. Unless the context
otherwise requires, Hour Loop, we, us, our, or the Company refers
to Hour Loop, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Overview 

Our
Business 

We
are an online retailer engaged in e-commerce retailing in the U.S. market. We have operated as a third-party seller on www.amazon.com
 since 2013. We have also sold merchandise on our website at www.hourloop.com since 2013. We expanded our operations to other
marketplaces such as Walmart, eBay and Etsy in the third quarter of 2020, 2022, and 2022, respectively. To date, we have generated practically
all of our revenue as a third-party seller on www.amazon.com and only a negligible amount of revenue from our operations on our
website at www.hourloop.com and as a third-party seller on other marketplaces. We manage more than 100,000 stock-keeping units SKUs ).
Product categories include home/garden d cor, toys, kitchenware, apparels, and electronics. Our primary strategy is to bring most
of our vendors product selections to the customers. We have advanced software that assists us in identifying product gaps so we can keep
such products in stock year-round including the entirety of the last quarter (holiday season) of the calendar year Q4 ).
In upcoming years, we plan to expand our business by increasing the number of business managers, vendors and SKUs while improving on
profitability. 

Business
Model 

There
are three main types of business models on Amazon: wholesale, private label and retail arbitrage. Our business model is wholesale, also
known as reselling, which refers to buying products in bulk directly from the brand or manufacturer at a wholesale price and making a
profit by selling the product on Amazon. We sell merchandise on Amazon and the sales are fulfilled by Amazon. We pay Amazon fees for
allowing us to sell on their platform. Our relationship with Walmart is also similar. We pay Walmart fees for allowing us to sell our
merchandise on their platform. As stated above, to date, we have generated only a negligible amount of revenues as a third-party seller
on www.walmart.com . 

The
advantages of selling via a wholesale model: 

Purchase lower
 unit quantities with wholesale orders than private label products. 

Selling wholesale is less
 time intensive and easier to scale than sourcing products via retail arbitrage. 

More brands will want to
 work with us because we can provide broader Amazon presence. 

The
challenges of selling via a wholesale model: 

Fierce competition
 on listing for Buy Box on amazon.com (as described below). 

Developing and maintaining
 relationships with brand manufacturers. 

4 

Market
Description/Opportunities 

According
to Marketplace Pulse, total retail sales increased 18 to 6.56 trillion in 2021 from 5.56 trillion in 2020. U.S. ecommerce sales increased
18 to 960.15 billion in 2021 from 811.56 billion in 2020. 

Amazon
accounted for nearly 40 of all e-commerce in the United States and that makes Amazon the biggest ecommerce giant currently in the market. 

Formation 

We
were originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Washington on January 13, 2015. In 2019, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary,
Flywheel Consulting Ltd. Flywheel ), to provide business operating consulting services, exclusively to Hour Loop. On April
7, 2021, Hour Loop converted from a Washington corporation to a Delaware corporation. The
Company was founded in 2013 by Sam Lai and Maggie Yu. With their vision, leadership, and software development skills, the Company grew
rapidly. From 2013 to 2022, net sales grew from 0 to 95,930,091. 

Competitive
Advantage 

Among
more than 2 million active third-party sellers on Amazon, we believe we have two main competitive advantages: 

First, we have
 strong operations and sales teams experienced in listing, shipment, advertising, reconciliation and sales. By delivering high quality
 results and enhancing procedures through the process, our teams are competitive. 

Second, we believe our
 proprietary software system gives us an advantage over our competition. The system is highly customized to our business model; it
 collects and processes large amounts of data every day to optimize our operation and sales. Through advanced software, we can identify
 product gaps and keep them in stock all year round. 

With
respect to our advertising strategy, we advertise those products that we estimate will have greater demand based on our experience. This
lets us allocate our advertising budget in a fashion that delivers positive value. We advertise our products on Amazon. We allocate our
advertising dollars prudently. This is accomplished by advertising items that deliver the most return for our advertising spending. We
monitor the items being advertised by our competitors. On the operations side, we constantly refine our processes based on learnings
from historical data. The combination of managing the business operations effectively along with allocating our advertising budget to
high value items allows us to grow profitably. In cases where the advertising is fierce, we allocate the spending appropriately. Our
strategy for competing with larger competitors is to monitor their pricing and not compete with them when their pricing is low or at
a loss. Competitors sell at low prices or at a loss due to a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, their desire to liquidate
inventory or achieve short term increase in revenue. During these times, we avoid matching their prices. This strategy allows us to stay
profitable. 

Historical
Performance 

Our
year end net revenues and net income (loss) from 2013 through 2022 is presented in the table below: 

Year 
 Net Revenue 
 Year-over- 
 Year 
 Net Income (loss) 
 Net Income (loss) 
 Year-over 
 -Year 
 
 2013 
 26,135 
 - 
 4,682 
 18 
 - 
 
 2014 
 1,102,237 
 4117 
 150,300 
 14 
 3110 
 
 2015 
 2,567,267 
 133 
 228,009 
 9 
 52 
 
 2016 
 7,337,012 
 186 
 77,752 
 1 
 NA 
 
 2017 
 17,487,124 
 138 
 (122,176 
 (1 
 (257 
 
 2018 
 24,402,144 
 40 
 657,821 
 3 
 NA 
 
 2019 
 26,564,693 
 9 
 (423,073 
 (2 
 (165 
 
 2020 
 38,655,264 
 46 
 3,820,698 
 10 
 NA 
 
 2021 
 62,792,981 
 62 
 4,783,773 
 8 
 25 
 
 2022 
 95,930,091 
 53 
 (1,477,623 
 (2 
 (131 

In
2022 and 2021, approximately 100 of our revenue was through or with the Amazon sales platform. 

5 

Pricing
Strategy and Policies 

In
an ideal world, we would like to price our products at key stone pricing or double wholesale cost. However, we operate in a hyper competitive
environment and we must stay competitive. Therefore, we must draw a good balance between gross margin and revenue. Our main objectives
focus on increasing volume and maximizing profits, which is achieved with a customized auto pricing system we developed internally, in
combination with well-trained business managers judgment on pricing skills as well as constant monitoring. One principal feature
of the pricing system is that it automatically syncs public data of competing offers from Amazon regularly, so business managers can
make price settings and adjustments based on accurate data, and thus be able to set optimal selling prices for products. In addition,
the system is constantly improved with new features and optimizations. 

At
a high level, our automated pricing tool helps us stay competitive while our business managers mainly focus on increasing gross margins.
Our proprietary repricing tool analyze sales trend, projected sales, inventory age, inventory cost, potential profits, Fulfillment by
Amazon FBA fees, competing offers, and seasonality and determines an urgency level, then depending on the level of urgency,
it automatically adjusts prices accordingly. 

Business
managers, after establishing the bases for prices, begin to develop pricing strategies for each product while taking the current market
conditions, company goals (e.g., increasing short-term or long-term profits) and strategies into consideration. Furthermore, business
managers consider different marketing segments such as costs and competitions in order to develop effective pricing strategies and policies. 

The
following subsections provide more insight into various pricing strategies we have developed over the years. Our internal training mainly
focuses on competition-based pricing policy and value-based pricing policy. 

1. 
 Competition-Based Pricing
 Policy: 20 of our products are toys, which are extremely popular and competitive. In this type of environment where volume is
 high but gross margin is low, our main strategy is to purchase large quantities, so we can increase sales volume and price competitively
 while maintaining an average return on investment ROI of at least 15 . We are using the competition-based pricing
 policy to match competitors prices, which means constantly winning Buy Box (as described below). Our pricing system is capable
 of automatically matching all Buy Box. 

2. 
 Promotional Pricing
 Policy: To boost lagging sales, we adapted our own promotional pricing policy, which involves offering modest discounts on products
 with inventory age over 45 days, which proves to be cost-effective at reducing the number of low turn-over SKUs. 

3. 
 Value-Based Pricing
 Policy: We incorporate a value-based pricing strategy when inventories are constrained, which can happen when customer demand
 suddenly spikes due to external factors, supply shortage, or seasonal spikes. We set prices to reflect the value perceived by customers,
 especially on products under gift categories when consumer demands are higher. Contrary to a typical seller, we opt to maintain high
 gross margin instead of marking down prices and running special deals during the high-demand season during Q4. Therefore, business
 managers can achieve increases in both sales and high average ROI of 40 . 

Buy
Box on amazon.com is the top right section on a product page where customers can directly add items to their shopping carts. Since
many sellers on amazon.com can sell the same product, they must compete to win the Buy Box for a certain product.
Winning the Amazon Buy Box simply means that you were chosen for the Buy Box placement. When you win this placement, customers have a
button to directly add your product to their carts, giving you an advantage over competing sellers. For a seller to be eligible for the
Buy Box, they must meet a set of performance-based requirements, including order defect rate, customer shopping experience, time and
experience on the Amazon selling platform, and status as a professional seller. 

6 

Overview
of Market Competition 

According
to Marketplace Pulse, total U.S.US retail sales increased 18 to 6.56 trillion in 2021 from 5.56 trillion in 2020. U.S.
ecommerce sales increased 18 to 960.15 billion in 2021 from 811.56 billion in 2020. 

In
2021, total U.S. ecommerce sales reached 959.5 billion, an 18.3 year-over-year increase from 811.6 billion in 2020. This is significantly
less than the U.S. ecommerce growth rate of 2020, during which total sales increased by 42.4 year-over-year from 2019. 

Despite
the slowdown, total U.S. ecommerce sales in 2021 still marked the highest on record. This is an impressive increase from a decade ago
in 2011 when online sales in the U.S. totaled 199.3 billion. A year later, it breached the 200 billion mark for the very first time.
From 2011 to 2021, annual U.S. ecommerce sales multiplied by nearly five times. 

Target
Market Size 

Total
Addressable Market 

As
an e-commerce company retailing in the U.S. market, our total addressable market covers all U.S. residents with Internet access, which
segmentally includes repeat customers and new customers to online shopping every year. 

7 

Growth
of E-commerce vs. Total Retail Sales 

According
to U.S. Department of Commerce data, e-commerce s share of total retail sales has steadily been on the rise and peaked at 16.4 
in the second quarter of 2020. Total U.S. retail sales increased 18 to 6.56 trillion in 2021 from 5.56 trillion in 2020. Consumers
spent 960.15 billion online with U.S. merchants in 2021, which is around 14.63 of total U.S. retail sales for the year compared to
14.60 in 2020. 

Amazon
accounted for nearly 40 of all e-commerce in the United States and that makes Amazon the biggest ecommerce giant currently in the market. 

Growth
of Amazon Prime Members 

In
present, Amazon has approximately 200 million Prime Members in the U.S., and we were seeing continuous year-over-year growth over the
past years. 

Operational
Advantages 

According
to Marketplace Pulse (dated January 17, 2023), Hour Loop is one of the top 10 third-party sellers on U.S. Amazon. 

Automation 

We
developed a proprietary software that is tailor made to all our operational needs. This includes managing order review process, shipment
managements, inventory management, accounting, and complete end-to-end third-party integrations. This allows us to scale, reduce cost,
and improve quality. 

Profitability
Management 

We
have experienced operations managers tracking team performances with key performance indicators. We have departments specializing in
logistic costs, advertising, marketing, and product management. We hold monthly process reviews to identify early red flags and look
for areas to optimize. Each quarter we set increasingly difficult bars both to grow gross margin and further reduce expenses. 

Continuous
Process Optimization 

In
order to improve operating efficiencies, we have effective process optimization adapting to the changing policies of the e-commerce marketplace.
We continuously analyze our performance based on data. We conduct pricing, inventory planning and profitability analysis using this data.
This analysis provides us with insights on the processes that add the most value. Using these insights, we develop guidelines that help
us improve our operations. These guidelines are incorporated into our operations which include (but are not limited to), identifying
and ordering at optimal inventory levels, managing merchandise storage costs, optimizing transit times, and pricing at appropriate levels.
Our operations staff follows these guidelines which help them perform optimally. By continuously analyzing data, we are able to find
insights for improving our business. This drives continuous process optimization and its implementation into our operations. In addition,
our proprietary software allows us to continually accelerate process effectiveness based on specific requirements. Over time, our system
eliminates unnecessary procedures that could be replaced by an advanced algorithm. For instance, we simplify the FBA shipment process
through application programming interface API integration. Our self-developed system also tracks insightful analysis
of our profitability, clearer visualizes the drivers and optimums to better manage operational costs. We monitor operational parameters
that drive our business and proactively try to optimize them. These include fine tuning our item selection, managing our inventory levels,
estimating demand and pricing to maximize our profitability. 

Data-Driven
Approach 

We
make decisions based on analysis and interpretation of the data sets rather than observations over the market trend. By standardizing
processes and combine data-driven management, we can ensure the organization maintains consistency that is high quality. Our business
managers use historical data and sales projection provided by our proprietary software to find potential product gaps and keep products
in stock all year round. This advantage enables powerful predictive insights in correlating real-time data with past sales patterns. 

8 

Training
Programs 

Our
effective training programs accelerate employees professional development and enable the Company to hire new graduates or people
without experience. Our training programs are very task-specific and we continually improve the materials in order to fit new industry
needs. Other than the training material, we assign mentors to evaluate and monitor trainees performance at each stage of the training
program. 

Task
Generalization 

By
generalizing each task with a standard process, we are able to shift assignments at regular intervals in order to find the most suitable
employee for each specific task. Moreover, business managers are also able to rotate the vendors they manage easily. This allows our
organization to effectively and consistently manage a vendor when a key employee who previously managed such vendor is no longer with
the company. In addition, the task generalization allows the company to hire remote teams to further reduce labor costs. 

Multicultural
Management 

We
have a multicultural management team that is linguistically and culturally diverse in order to make judgments from different perspectives.
Our remote teams in Taiwan and the Philippines provide diverse professional insights on specific tasks. 

Technological
advantages 

Our
software architecture was designed from the ground up to be scalable, secured, and easily extensible. By using JRuby on Rails, we can
make use the best parts of Java, Ruby, and Rails without paying for their disadvantages. For example, we can use the massive collections
of Java library, portability, speed, multi-threading, and maturity, but we do not have to be tied down with verbose code and strict typing.
Rails allow us to quickly build web pages and integrate both the frontend and the backend. The application runs on Amazon Web Services AWS and can be easily scaled up to as many hosts as needed. It is accessible from a browser, so there is no need to setup
or install anything on the client-side. 

Cost
Advantage 

Access
to Low Product Costs 

We
lower our product average costs by direct import items that have high volume, purchasing in bulk with better prices, and negotiating
discounts or rebates over increased purchase volume every year. Our strong growth of purchase every year allows us to negotiate better
discounts than the rivals. Therefore, we have the cost advantages to compete at low prices. 

Efficient
Processes and Technologies 

Our
proprietary software allows us to tailor make tools based on our specific use cases and leverage technologies to greatly reduce manual
operations. We also saved the expense of using third-party software in managing inventory, orders, product listings, and especially the
advertising analytic tool. 

Low
Distribution and Logistic costs 

We
saved the cost of managing the warehouse, shipping, and product distribution as we are enrolled in Amazon s FBA program. The program
allows us to reduce fixed costs of the physical assets and quickly scale up the business without thinking much about infrastructure complexity.
Apart from using the FBA program, we also use FedEx, Amazon partnered carrier, Amazon Freight, and Amazon Global Logistics to reduce
expense. The competitive shipping rates we secured provide us a cost-efficient way to deliver shipments from overseas and domestic to
Amazon warehouse. 

9 

Efficiently
Managed Operations 

We
have a good management structure within the firm and a data-driven system that allows employees to manage tasks quickly and cost-efficiently. 

Reduced
Labor Costs 

We
leverage third-party logistic companies to forward or prep our shipments to Amazon, which reduces our logistic operation labor costs.
We also work with a labor outsourcing partner located in the Philippines that provides virtual assistants to help us with data entry
and repetitive work, which is a very cost-effective way to do a lot of grunt work. 

Key
Competitors by Market Size/Share 

Our
key competitor is Amazon Retail. Amazon Retail frequently buys from the same brands we sell and sells them at a loss. Amazon Retail offers
can be identified by the Sold by Amazon tag on Amazon s site, and they are formed by two components: (i) Amazon Vendor
Central, and (ii) the Sold by Amazon SBA program. We do not consider other third-party sellers as key competitors, because
none of them represents enough market share to influence sales outcome. The addressable market is incredibly vast; thus we believe there
are plenty of opportunities for everyone. 

Amazon
Vendor Central 

Amazon
Vendor Central allows manufacturers and brand owners to sell directly to Amazon as a first-party seller. This is one of the key competitive
factors as Amazon usually buys bulk from the brands and sells at a very low price, which leads to hyper-competitive pricing. On pricing
control, Amazon does not always follow the minimum advertised pricing MAP guidelines from manufacturers, which also puts
us at a disadvantage when selling the same products. 

Sold
by Amazon Program 

With
the rise of e-commerce platforms, Amazon is looking for opportunities to attract customers away from its retail store rivals. In 2019,
Amazon rolled out its new SBA program to help sellers grow their business. This program gives brand owners the control of inventory management
and listings with Amazon having the authority to constantly monitor and change the price to make sure customers are getting the best
deals. Once the products are enrolled in the SBA program, Amazon will set the minimum gross proceeds MGP to pay sellers
the lowest possible amount on each unit sold. This new program is another threat to our company as Amazon is the one taking control of
pricing, and they set the price very low in order to compete with competitors low price strategy. 

Competitor
Strengths and Weaknesses 

Strengths
of Sold by Amazon 

First,
ship from and SBA creates competition for potential customers who prefer to buy products from Amazon rather than a third-party seller.
Secondly, Amazon monitors and manages pricing which makes the product price range at a highly competitive level. In fact, the chance
of Amazon winning buy box is even higher as they have the best deal for customers. Finally, Amazon is not restricted by its policy to
third-party sellers. One of the critical policies is the restock limit. Amazon limits certain items restock quantities based on
recent sales activity, and this affects the in-stock rate of popular items that needs a greater volume. 

10 

Weaknesses
of Sold by Amazon 

As
Amazon focuses on sales more than relationships with vendors, they do not follow vendors MAP strictly. We believe this has led
to the devaluation of brands and will have a negative impact on building a long-term relationship with the vendors. Once the vendor hands
over their price control to Amazon, we believe it is unlikely for them to sell at their original target price further, and it influences
their offline sales. And in fact, it makes a huge difference in profitability to both Amazon and the vendor when reacts to the competitive
pricing changes. 

Apart
from the weaknesses of business relationships, we believe Amazon also has disadvantages in the niche marketplaces, where product offerings
are narrower and more personalized. As a third-party seller, we cooperate with vendors in developing custom projects that bring product
differentiation and scarcity effect. However, we believe Amazon only concentrates on the masses, which gives them the deficiency of having
products that are targeted in certain market segments. 

Potential
Substitute Products Posing Credible Threat to Company Products 

No
potential substitute products would pose a credible threat to our company as we have developed a wide product diversification. 

As
a company that focuses on reselling wholesale products, we have the resilience to find substitution of products or brands. We established
product diversification by managing wide range of SKUs and continually expand our product categories. Our business strategy allows us
to mitigate risk and generate significant profit by selling low volumes items diversified across a large variety of products. 

In
contrast, private labels sellers manage small number of SKUs that have large volumes in return with higher profit per unit. However,
private labels have much higher risk when experiencing stagnant or declining sales as they would have lower capability to find sales
replacements that are already established. 

Strength
of Barriers to Entry 

Higher
Capital, Low Margin: Selling online is generally low margin, but it requires high capital investment in order to purchase goods and
run advertising. 

Product
Differentiation: Our proprietary software allows us to manage a huge number of SKUs. This allows us to participate in profitable
long-tail products in addition to well-known popular ones. The turnover rate for long-tail products is slow, so newcomers are not likely
to enter. It also requires a sophisticated system to manage. Furthermore, vendor relationships do not happen overnight. 

Advanced
System : We have already developed a highly sophisticated system which has been refined over time to become highly effective. Even
if a new entrant has a team of the best software engineers in the world, it will still take them many years to refine their system. There
is a myriad of intricacies as to the effectiveness of a system. Even if the new entrants have the system built, it will still take them
years to collect historical sales data. By the time new entrants have done all that, our system would have continued to mature. This
means we would be able to manage more SKUs more profitably with lower costs. 

Risk
of Entry- Potential Entrants 

Vendor
Vertical Integration : A vendor may forward integrate into the e-commerce marketplace in order to directly engage with their online
customers. 

Multichannel
E-commerce: There is a chance of established online retail firms such as sellers on eBay, Walmart, and Etsy expanding their business
to the Amazon marketplace. 

Brick-and-Mortar:
 As the online retail is growing and offline retail is contracting, there are more brick-and-mortar stores migrating from offline
to online. 

11 

Improving
Sales of Popular Items and Securing the Inventories Without Paying Higher Storage Fees By Engaging the Services of Third Party Warehouses 

As
a retailer, our success is heavily influenced by the inventory control of our suppliers (vendors). However, many of our suppliers are
having difficulties to maintain their stock level due to various reasons, such as the shortage of shipping containers, lack of labor,
or disruption in manufacturing. The situation exacerbates during the pandemic and in peak season. In order to secure the inventories,
we start to order large quantities of popular items or buying them out to store in the Amazon fulfillment center. However, the monthly
storage fee of the Amazon fulfillment center in peak season (Q4) is 3.5 times higher than normal season, which puts pressure on our profits.
To maintain the balance of inventory level and margins, we are currently contracting the warehousing services of third-party warehouses,
including, Rahl Distribution, Inc., Rite Prep Shipping, 3Plzen, Carolina Prep Ship, and Shenzhen Linkhub Co., Ltd to support our overall stock planning
process. By doing this, we can improve sales by preventing popular items from going out of stock, since we had secured adequate inventories
ahead of time. Furthermore, we can also avoid paying higher Amazon storage fees in Q4. 

Growth
Objectives 

In
2022, we grew the number of vendors to more than 700, the number of business managers to almost 80, and the number of total employees
to almost 200. In 2023, however, in light of the fact that many economists and business leaders had a pessimistic outlook, we are not
looking for tremendous growth in 2023. Instead, we will aim to generate consistent profits and maintain cash flow as we become much more
selective on product purchasing. We also expect product costs to go down and competitions to ease. We anticipate that our headcounts
will go down slightly through attrition. 

Market
and Supplier Development - Establishing a Vendor Acquisition Team 

In
2022, in order to continue growing at a rapid pace, we established a vendor acquisition team dedicated to onboarding new vendors to drastically
improve our vendor acquisition success rate. This team specialized in the skills required to convince vendors to sell us their goods.
Currently, this is being done by individual business managers with varying skill levels. The objective of the vendor acquisition team
is to onboard 150 vendors per year and to increase our product range as well as diversifying our product categories. The team onboarded
133 vendors in 2022. Our vendor acquisition strategy for 2023 is to focus on experienced vendors with more product selections, and the
goal is to improve gross margin. For categories with high return rates such as apparel, the minimum margin requirement would be even
higher. 

COVID-19 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization recognized the novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic. This COVID-19 outbreak
has severely restricted the level of economic activity around the world. In response to this COVID-19 outbreak, the governments of many
countries, states, cities, and other geographic regions have taken preventative or protective actions, such as imposing restrictions
on travel and business operations and advising or requiring individuals to limit or forego their time outside of their homes. The Company s
services, operating results and financial performance could be adversely affected by the overall impacts of the pandemic. Management
has determined that there is no material uncertainty that casts substantial doubt on the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. It is expected that COVID-19 might have some impact, though it is not anticipated to be significant. 

Bank
of America Loan 

On
June 18, 2019, the Company issued a Promissory Note (the BofA Note in the amount of 785,000 to Bank of America (the Lender for a loan in the amount of 785,000. The BofA Note bears interest at a rate of 8.11 per annum. The monthly payment is 15,963, consisting
of 11,398 of principal and 4,565 of interest. The principle amount of 785,000 was paid in full on December 15,2020, while the accrued
interest of 27,996 was still outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

12 

Taishin
International Bank 

On
August 18, 2022, Flywheel, signed a line of credit agreement in the amount of 6,940,063 with Taishin International Bank Taishin ).
The line of credit did not change, what changed is the amount we can further borrow and it matures on August 30, 2023. As of December
31, 2022, the outstanding balance under the Taishin line of credit was 652,316, and bears interest at a rate of 2.6 per annum. Also,
Flywheel has accrued interest expense of 1,440 as of December 31, 2022. 

PPP
Loan 

On
April 7, 2020, the Company issued a promissory note (the PPP Note in the amount of 27,012 under the Paycheck Protection
Program PPP to JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the Lender ). The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), which was enacted on March 27, 2020, provides for loans to qualifying
businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The PPP Note was set to mature
on April 7, 2022, and bore interest at a rate of 0.98 per annum, payable monthly commencing October 5, 2020, following an initial deferral
period as specified under the PPP loan. The PPP Note could be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The
Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act (the Flexibility Act ), signed on June 5, 2020, amended certain provisions of
the PPP, including the deferral period and repayment terms. The Flexibility Act extends the deferral period of payments of PPP loan principal,
interest, and fees to the date when the U.S. Small Business Administration makes a final decision on the borrower s application
for forgiveness, or 10 months after the last day of the covered period if a borrower has not applied for forgiveness (whichever is earlier).
This extension applies regardless of the terms of the PPP and does not require an amendment of the PPP. As such, the Company did not
make any payments on the PPP Note during 2020. 

Under
the terms of the PPP loan, up to the entire amount of principal and accrued interest may be forgiven to the extent PPP loan proceeds
are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act and applicable implementing guidance issued by the U.S. Small Business
Administration under the PPP loan. On May 6, 2021, the entire amount of principal and accrued interest on the PPP Note was forgiven. 

Conversion
of S Corporation to C Corporation 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company completed a corporate reorganization to convert its status from a S corporation to a C corporation with an
effective date of July 27, 2021. Retained earnings in the amount of 4,170,418 were distributed by the Company to the S corporation stockholders 2,085,209 to each of Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu) on July 27, 2021. 

Affiliated
Loans 

From
time to time, the Company receives loans and advances from its stockholders to fund its operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had 4,329,460 due to related parties. While stockholder payables are non-interest bearing and payable on demand, the Company and stockholders
entered into loan agreements for loans with terms over one year. 

December
2020 Loan 

On
December 30, 2020 and later modified on September 16, 2021, the Company, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu entered into a loan agreement of 1,041,353
and converted it into a retroactive interest-bearing (2 loan with a repayment date of December 31, 2021. On January 18, 2022,
the Company repaid the loan in full. Together, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu hold over 95 of the Company s outstanding shares. Mr. Lai is
the Company s Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Yu is the Company s
Senior Vice President and a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

13 

July
2021 Loan 

On
July 27, 2021, the Company, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu entered into a loan agreement with a principal amount of 4,170,418. The loan is subordinated.
The annual interest rate is 2 and the repayment date is December 31, 2022. The Company had accrued interest of 120,003 as of December
31, 2022. On December 28, 2022, the Company, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu agreed to extend the term of the loan, with the new
maturity date of December 31, 2024. As amended, the annual interest rate on the loan is 5.5 . 

Stock
Splits 

On
September 22, 2021, our board of directors and stockholders approved a forward stock split in a ratio of 4.44-for-1 Forward Stock
Split and on September 27, 2021, we filed a certificate of amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation implementing the Forward
Stock Split, effective September 27, 2021. Therefore, on September 27, 2021, following the Forward Stock Split, Sam Lai, our Chief Executive
Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President, each held 22,200,000 shares of common stock (for
an aggregate of 44,400,000 shares of common stock) . 

On
November 29, 2021, our board of directors and stockholders approved a reverse stock split in a ratio of 0.75-for-1 Reverse Stock
Split and on December 1, 2021, we filed a certificate of amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation implementing the Reverse
Stock Split, effective December 3, 2021. Therefore, on December 3, 2021, following the Reverse Stock Split, Sam Lai, our Chief Executive
Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President, each held 16,650,000 shares of common stock (for
an aggregate of 33,300,000 shares of common stock). 

Except
as otherwise indicated, all references to our common stock, share data, per share data and related information has been adjusted for
the Forward Stock Split and the Reverse Stock Split as if they had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. The Forward
Stock Split divided each share of our outstanding common stock into 4.44 shares of common stock, and the Reverse Stock Split divided
each share of our outstanding common stock into 0.75 shares of common stock, without any change in the par value per share, and the Forward
Stock Split and the Reverse Stock Split correspondingly adjusted, among other things, the exercise rate of our warrants into our common
stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Forward Stock Split and the Reverse Stock Split, and any fractional shares
resulting from the Forward Stock Split and Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the nearest whole share. 

Approval
of the Hour Loop, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 

On
June 27, 2021, our Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock approved the
Hour Loop, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). Under the 2021 Plan, a total of 4,995,000 shares of common
stock were originally authorized for issuance pursuant to the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock,
restricted stock units, performance units, performance shares or other cash- or stock-based awards to officers, directors, employees
and eligible consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries. Pursuant to the terms if the 2021 Plan and subject to adjustment as
provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2021 Plan will be cumulatively
increased on January 1, 2022 and on each subsequent January 1, by a number of shares equal to the smaller of (i) 3 of the number of
shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (ii) an amount determined by our Board of
Directors. As of March 31, 2023, there were 5,994,000 shares of common stock were authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan,
and 5,944,000 shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
January 11, 2022, we closed our initial public offering of 1,725,000 shares of common stock, which included the full exercise of the
underwriter s over-allotment option, at a public offering price of 4.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 6,900,000,
prior to deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses. Our common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Capital
Market on January 7, 2022, under the symbol HOUR . EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC EF Hutton ),
acted as sole book-running manager for the offering. The net proceeds of the offering, after deducting expenses of 743,640, were 6,156,360.
Meanwhile, other costs incurred in the IPO totaled 576,168, the main nature of which was professional fees. As a result, common stock
increased by 173, and additional paid-in capital increased by 5,580,020. 

14 

Employees 

As
part of our expansion plan, we aggressively grew headcounts in the 1st half of 2022. Our total headcounts peaked at 201 employees (including
Hour Loop and Flywheel) in April 2022. Since July, as we ve reached scale, we have become more selective in new hires. As of December
2022, our headcount is 186 and all of them are full-time. In addition to hiring more business managers who contributed to revenue generation,
we were also expanding our software engineering team, aiming for upgrading our internal system to strengthen our competitive advantages.
In terms of training and development, we provide one month orientation for all business and operation new hires. We also provide frequent
training sessions ranging from skills training, leadership development, and performance management. We plan to keep headcount stable,
or somewhat decrease in view of turnover, in 2023. 

Executive
Officers 

Set
forth below is certain information regarding our executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Sam
 Lai 
 
 41 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Sau
 Kuen (Maggie) Yu 
 
 46 
 
 Senior
 Vice President and Director 

Sam
Lai. Mr. Lai has served as our Chief Executive Officer and been a member of our Board of Directors since June 2013 and our Chairman
of Board since April 2021. He has served as our Interim Chief Financial Officer since March 29, 2022. He is a seasoned software engineer
who has designed and built software and code from the ground up at Hour Loop, Inc., Amazon.com, Inc., UnifiedEdge, Inc., Kits, and Applied
Research Labs for the past 18 years. From December 2009 through June 2017, Mr. Lai served as a Software Development Engineer for Amazon.com,
Inc. From March 2009 through December 2009, he served as a Senior Java Developer at UnifiedEdge, Inc. From February 2007 through March
2009, Mr. Lai served as a Senior Java Developer at Kits. From September 2005 through February 2007, he served as a Software Development
Engineer for Amazon.com, Inc. From March 2003 through January 2004, Mr. Lai served as a Research Engineer Scientist Assistant at Applied
Research Labs. Mr. Lai graduated with a Bachelor Degree in Computer Science from University of Texas at Austin in 2003 and a Masters
Degree in Computer Science from University of California, San Diego in 2004. Mr. Lai does not hold, and has not previously held, any
directorships in any reporting companies. 

Sau
Kuen (Maggie) Yu. Ms. Yu has served as our Senior Vice President and has been a member of our Board of Directors since June 2013.
Since graduating from University of California, San Diego until June 2013, Ms. Yu has no employment history. Ms. Yu graduated with a
Bachelor Degree in Computer Science from University of California, San Diego in 2004. Ms. Yu does not hold, and has not previously held,
any directorships in any reporting companies. 

Mr.
Lai and Ms. Yu are married. 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we are involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. To the knowledge of our
management, there are no legal proceedings currently pending against us which we believe would have a material effect on our business,
financial position or results of operations and, to the best of our knowledge, there are no such legal proceedings contemplated or threatened. 

Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters are located at 8201 164th Ave. NE, #200, Redmond, WA 98052-7615, where we rent a virtual office from an
unaffiliated third party under a virtual office/meeting room agreement. This agreement provides for daily telephone answering,
messaging and fax services, and paid access to conference rooms on an as-needed basis. The virtual office arrangement expires on
August 31, 2023. Terms of the virtual office arrangement provide for a rent payment of 35.695 per month. 

15 

We also lease a warehouse located
at Floor 35, No. 1123-1139, Fangshan Beier Road, Xiangbei Industry District, Xiamen, China, where we lease approximately 1680 square meter
from an unaffiliated third party. This lease expires in January, 2022. Terms of this lease provide for a base rent payment of RMB21,840
(approximately US 3,116) per month. In January, 2022, we partnered with FBABEEE located at 1st Floor, Building B, No. 2, Hongye North
17 Road, Tangxia Town, Dongguan City,Guangdong, China, who handle our storage and warehousing from an unaffiliated third party. This service
expires in January, 2023. The terms of this service provide for a base payment that is charged based on our usage. Flywheel, our wholly
owned subsidiary, had three new office leases in Taiwan in 2022. The respective lease terms are January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2023,
June 1, 2022 to May 31, 2024, and August 1, 2022 to July 31, 2024, and the total contract amounts are 534,910, 114,016 and 157,973,
respectively. We believe that these facilities are adequate for our current and near-term future needs. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities carries a significant degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks, as well as the
other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, including our historical financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K, before you decide to purchase our securities. Any one of these risks and uncertainties
has the potential to cause material adverse effects on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results which could
cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements expressed by us and a significant decrease in the value
of our common shares. Refer to Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

We
may not be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any of the following risks and uncertainties may cause. These potential
risks and uncertainties may not be a complete list of the risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties
that we are presently unaware of, or presently consider immaterial, that may become material in the future and have a material adverse
effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment due to any of these risks and uncertainties. 

Below
is a summary of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

We face intense competition; 

Our business depends on
 our ability to build and maintain strong product listings on e-commerce platforms. We may not be able to maintain and enhance our
 product listings if we receive unfavorable customer complaints, negative publicity or otherwise fail to live up to consumers 
 expectations, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects; 

We experience significant
 fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate; 

We face risks related to
 successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment and customer service operations; 

The variability in our
 retail business places increased strain on our operations; 

Continued increases in
 Amazon Marketplace fulfillment and storage fees could have an adverse impact on our profit margin and results of operations; 

A change in one or more
 of the Company s vendors policies or the Company s relationship with those vendors could adversely affect the
 Company s results of operations; 

Our revenue is dependent
 upon maintaining our relationship with Amazon and failure to do so, or any restrictions on our ability to offer products on the Amazon
 Marketplace, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

Loss of key personnel or
 the inability to attract, train and retain qualified employees could adversely affect the Company s results of operations; 

We may face difficulties
 in meeting our labor needs to effectively operate our business; 

16 

Our business could be adversely
 affected by increased labor costs, including costs related to an increase in minimum wage and health care; 

Breach of data security
 could harm our business and standing with our customers; 

Our hardware and software
 systems are vulnerable to damage, theft or intrusion that could harm our business; 

Our inability or failure
 to protect our intellectual property rights, or any claimed infringement by us of third-party intellectual rights, could have a negative
 impact on our operating results; 

The Company s business
 is influenced by general economic conditions; 

Disruption of global capital
 and credit markets may have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity and capital resources; 

The Company is dependent
 upon access to capital for its liquidity needs; 

We may complete a future
 significant strategic transaction that may not achieve intended results or could increase the number of our outstanding shares or
 amount of outstanding debt or result in a change of control; 

Historically, we have experienced
 declines, and we may continue to experience fluctuation in our level of sales and results from operations; 

The ability of the Company
 to satisfy its liabilities and to continue as a going concern will continue to be dependent on the implementation of several items,
 the success of which is not certain; 

Parties with whom the Company
 does business may be subject to insolvency risks or may otherwise become unable or unwilling to perform their obligations to the
 Company; 

Failure to comply with
 legal and regulatory requirements could adversely affect the Company s results of operations; 

Litigation may adversely
 affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

The effects of natural
 disasters, terrorism, acts of war, and public health issues may adversely affect our business; 

A pandemic, epidemic or
 outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, may materially and adversely affect our business; 

The loss of key senior
 management personnel or the failure to hire and retain highly skilled and other key personnel could negatively affect our business; 

The ability of Sam Lai,
 our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President,
 who are husband and wife, to control our business may limit or eliminate minority stockholders ability to influence corporate
 affairs; 

Government regulation is
 evolving and unfavorable changes could harm our business; 

We are subject to product
 liability claims when people or property are harmed by the products we sell; 

We could face prior period
 sales tax and corporate tax liabilities, penalties and collection obligations; 

17 

There
 can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with continued listing standards of The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq 

High
 state income tax rates could impact our financials negatively; 

The
 market price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment; and 

Our
 current accounting and inventory tracking systems could impair our ability to file accurate and timely financial statements. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
face intense competition. 

The
online retail business is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources,
longer histories, and/or more customers. They may secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources
to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing. 

Competition
continues to intensify, including with the development of new business models and the entry of new and well-funded competitors, and as
our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances and established companies in other market segments expand to become competitive
with our business. In addition, new and enhanced technologies, including search, web and infrastructure computing services, digital content,
and electronic devices continue to increase our competition. The Internet facilitates competitive entry and comparison shopping, which
enhances the ability of new, smaller, or lesser-known businesses to compete against us. As a result of competition, our product offerings
may not be successful, we may fail to gain or may lose business, and we may be required to increase our spending or lower prices, any
of which could materially reduce our sales and profits. 

Our
business depends on our ability to build and maintain strong product listings on e-commerce platforms. We may not be able to maintain
and enhance our product listings if we receive unfavorable customer complaints, negative publicity or otherwise fail to live up to consumers 
expectations, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects. 

Maintaining
and enhancing our product listings is critical in expanding and growing our business. However, a significant portion of our perceived
performance to the customer depends on third parties outside of our control, including suppliers and third-party delivery agents as well
as online retailers such as Amazon and Walmart. Because our agreements with our online retail partners are generally terminable at will,
we may be unable to maintain these relationships, and our results of operations could fluctuate significantly from period to period.
Because we rely on third parties to deliver our products, we are subject to shipping delays or disruptions caused by inclement weather,
natural disasters, labor activism, health epidemics or bioterrorism. We may also experience shipping delays or disruptions due to other
carrier-related issues relating to their own internal operational capabilities. Further, we rely on the business continuity plans of
these third parties to operate during pandemics, like the COVID-19 pandemic, and we have limited ability to influence their plans, prevent
delays, and/or cost increases due to reduced availability and capacity and increased required safety measures. 

Customer
complaints or negative publicity about our products, delivery times, or marketing strategies, even if not accurate, especially on blogs,
social media websites and third-party market sites, could rapidly and severely diminish consumer view of our product listings and result
in harm to our brands. Customers may also make safety-related claims regarding products sold through our online retail partners, such
as Amazon, which may result in an online retail partner removing the product from its marketplace. We have from time to time experienced
such removals and such removals may materially impact our financial results depending on the product that is removed and length of time
that it is removed. We also use and rely on other services from third parties, such as our telecommunications services, and those services
may be subject to outages and interruptions that are not within our control. 

18 

We
experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate. 

We
are not always able to accurately forecast our growth rate. We base our expense levels and investment plans on sales estimates. A significant
portion of our expenses and investments is fixed, and we are not always able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our sales are less
than expected. 

Our
revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease. Our revenue and operating profit growth depend on
the continued growth of demand for the products offered by us, and our business is affected by general economic and business conditions.
A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. economy, may result in decreased
revenue or growth. 

Our
sales and operating results will also fluctuate for many other reasons, including due to factors described elsewhere in this section
and the following: 

our ability to retain and
 increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers demands; 

our ability to retain and
 expand our network of vendors; 

our ability to offer products
 on favorable terms, manage inventory, and fulfill orders; 

the introduction of competitive
 products, price decreases, or improvements; 

changes in usage or adoption
 rates of the Internet, e-commerce, electronic devices, and web services; 

timing, effectiveness,
 and costs of expansion and upgrades of our systems and infrastructure; 

the extent to which we
 finance, and the terms of any such financing for, our current operations and future growth; 

the outcomes of legal proceedings
 and claims, which may include significant monetary damages or injunctive relief and could have a material adverse impact on our operating
 results; 

variations in the mix of
 products we sell; 

variations in our level
 of merchandise and vendor returns; 

the extent to which we
 offer fast and free delivery and provide additional benefits to our customers; 

factors affecting our reputation; 

the extent to which we
 invest in technology and content, fulfillment, and other expense categories; 

increases in the prices
 of fuel and gasoline, as well as increases in the prices of other energy products and commodities like paper and packing supplies
 and hardware products; 

the extent to which operators
 of the networks between our customers and us, the online retailer, successfully charge fees to grant our customers unimpaired and
 unconstrained access to our online services; 

our ability to collect
 amounts owed to us when they become due; 

the extent to which new
 and existing technologies, or industry trends, restrict online advertising or affect our ability to customize advertising or otherwise
 tailor our product and service offerings; 

the extent to which use
 of our services is affected by spyware, viruses, phishing and other spam emails, denial of service attacks, data theft, computer
 intrusions, outages, and similar events; and 

disruptions from natural
 or man-made disasters, extreme weather, geopolitical events and security issues (including terrorist attacks and armed hostilities),
 labor or trade disputes, and similar events. 

We
face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment and customer service operations. 

Failures
to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize and operate our fulfillment and customer service operations successfully
from time to time result in excess or insufficient fulfillment or customer service capacity, increased costs, and impairment charges,
any of which could materially harm our business. As we continue to add fulfillment and customer service capability or add new businesses
with different requirements, our fulfillment and customer service operations become increasingly complex and operating them becomes more
challenging. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our operations effectively. 

In
addition, failure to optimize inventory in our fulfillment operations increases our net shipping cost by requiring long-zone or partial
shipments. We may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment and customer service operations. Our failure to properly handle such
inventory or to accurately forecast product demand may result in us being unable to secure sufficient storage space or to optimize our
fulfillment operations or cause other unexpected costs and other harm to our business and reputation. 

19 

We
rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers. The inability to negotiate
acceptable terms with these companies or performance problems or other difficulties experienced by these companies or by our own transportation
systems could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory
efficiently and ship completed orders to customers also may be negatively affected by natural or man-made disasters, extreme weather,
geopolitical events and security issues, labor or trade disputes, and similar events. 

The
variability in our retail business places increased strain on our operations. 

Demand
for our retail products can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including as a result of seasonality, promotions, product launches,
or unforeseeable events, such as in response to natural or man-made disasters, extreme weather, or geopolitical events. For example,
we expect a disproportionate amount of our retail sales to occur during our fourth quarter. Our failure to stock or restock popular products
in sufficient amounts such that we fail to meet customer demand could significantly affect our revenue and our future growth. When we
overstock products, we may be required to take significant inventory markdowns or write-offs and incur commitment costs, which could
materially reduce profitability. We regularly experience increases in our net shipping cost due to FBA fee increases, split-shipments,
and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery for the holiday season. If too many customers access the websites
on which we engage in online retailing within a short period of time due to increased demand, we may experience system interruptions
that make the websites unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we offer or
sell and the attractiveness of our products. In addition, we may be unable to adequately staff for fulfillment of orders and customer
service during these peak periods and delivery and other fulfillment companies and customer service co-sourcers may be unable to meet
the seasonal demand. 

As
a result of holiday sales, as of December 31 of each year, our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances typically reach
their highest level (other than as a result of cash flows provided by or used in investing and financing activities). This operating
cycle results in a corresponding increase in accounts payable as of December 31. Our accounts payable balance generally declines during
the first three months of the year, resulting in a corresponding decline in our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances. 

Continued
increases in Amazon Marketplace fulfillment and storage fees could have an adverse impact on our profit margin and results of operations. 

The
Company utilizes Amazon s FBA platform to store their products at the Amazon fulfillment center and to pack and distribute these
products to customers. If Amazon continues to increase its FBA fees, our profit margin could be adversely affected. 

A
change in one or more of the Company s vendors policies or the Company s relationship with those vendors could adversely
affect the Company s results of operations. 

The
Company is dependent on its vendors to supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner. If a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments,
whether due to financial difficulties or other reasons, the Company could experience merchandise shortages that could lead to lost sales. 

Historically,
the Company has not experienced difficulty in obtaining satisfactory sources of supply and management believes that it will continue
to have access to adequate sources of supply. No individual vendor exceeded 15 of purchases in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

20 

Our
revenue is dependent upon maintaining our relationship with Amazon and failure to do so, or any restrictions on our ability to offer
products on the Amazon Marketplace, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

To
date, we have generated practically all of our revenue as a third-party seller on Amazon Marketplace. In 2022 and 2021, 100 and 100 ,
respectively, of our net revenue was through or with the Amazon sales platform. Therefore, we depend entirely on our relationship
with Amazon for growth. In particular, we depend on our ability to offer products on the Amazon Marketplace. We also depend on Amazon
for the timely delivery of products to customers. Any adverse change in our relationship with Amazon, including restrictions on the ability
to offer products or termination of the relationship, could adversely affect our continued growth and financial condition and results
of operations. 

Our
profit is dependent reimbursements from Amazon and any change in Amazon s policy regarding reimbursement could adversely impact
our ability to generate profits 

Amazon
reimburses us for any lost and damaged merchandise. These reimbursements form a substantial portion of our profits. Any change in Amazon
policy regarding these reimbursements could impact our profit adversely. Additionally, we are dependent on Amazon s ability to
track and process these reimbursements. Any deficiencies in Amazon s ability to process these reimbursements could impact our profits. 

Loss
of key personnel or the inability to attract, train and retain qualified employees could adversely affect the Company s results
of operations. 

The
Company believes that its future prospects depend, to a significant extent, on the services of its executive officers. Our future success
will also depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified key personnel. The loss of the services of certain of the Company s
executive officers and other key management personnel could adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 

In
addition to our executive officers, the Company s business is dependent on our ability to attract, train and retain qualified team
members. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels,
health care costs and changing demographics. If we are unable to attract and retain adequate numbers of qualified team members, our operations
and support functions could suffer. Those factors, together with increased wage and benefit costs, could adversely affect our results
of operations. 

We
may face difficulties in meeting our labor needs to effectively operate our business. 

We
are heavily dependent upon our labor workforce. Our compensation packages are designed to provide benefits commensurate with our level
of expected service. However, we face the challenge of filling many positions at wage scales that are appropriate to the industry and
competitive factors. We also face other risks in meeting our labor needs, including competition for qualified personnel, overall unemployment
levels, and increased costs associated with complying with regulations relating to COVID-19. Changes in any of these factors, including
a shortage of available workforce, could interfere with our ability to adequately service our customers and could result in increasing
labor costs. 

Our
business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs, including costs related to an increase in minimum wage and health care. 

Labor
is one of the primary components in the cost of operating our business. Increased labor costs, whether due to competition, unionization,
increased minimum wage, state unemployment rates, health care, or other employee benefits costs may adversely impact our operating expenses.
Additionally, there is no assurance that future health care legislation will not adversely impact our results or operations. 

21 

Breach
of data security could harm our business and standing with our customers. 

The
protection of our supplier (vendor), employee and business data is critical to us. Our business, like that of most companies, involves
confidential information about our employees, our suppliers and our Company. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools
and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of all such data, including confidential information. Despite
the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable
to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events.
Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or information through fraud or other means, including deceiving our employees
or third-party service providers. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are
also constantly changing and evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect. We have implemented and regularly review and update
our control systems, processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss.
However, the ever-evolving threats mean we must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes, and there is no guarantee that
they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. Any security breach involving the misappropriation,
loss or other unauthorized disclosure of customer payment card or personal information or employee personal or confidential information,
whether by us or our vendors, could damage our reputation, expose us to risk of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations, harm
our business and have an adverse impact upon our net sales and profitability. As the regulatory environment related to information security,
data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance
with those requirements could also result in additional costs. Further, if we are unable to comply with the security standards established
by banks and the credit card industry, we may be subject to fines, restrictions and expulsion from card acceptance programs, which could
adversely affect our retail operations. 

We
face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy 

We
experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make the websites on which we engage in online retailing unavailable or slow
to respond and prevent us from efficiently accepting or fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties, which may reduce our
net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. Steps we take to add software and hardware, upgrade our systems and network
infrastructure, and improve the stability and efficiency of our systems may not be sufficient to avoid system interruptions or delays
that could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our
computer and communications systems and operations in the past have been, or in the future could be, damaged or interrupted due to events
such as natural or man-made disasters, extreme weather, geopolitical events and security issues (including terrorist attacks and armed
hostilities), computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and similar events or disruptions. Any of these events could cause
system interruption, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders and providing
services, which could make our product offerings less attractive and subject us to liability. Our systems are not fully redundant and
our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. In addition, our insurance may not provide sufficient coverage to compensate for
related losses. Any of these events could damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy. 

Our
hardware and software systems are vulnerable to damage, theft or intrusion that could harm our business. 

Any
failure of our computer hardware or software systems that causes an interruption in our operations or a decrease in inventory tracking
could result in reduced net sales and profitability. Additionally, if any data intrusion, security breach, misappropriation or theft
were to occur, we could incur significant costs in responding to such event, including responding to any resulting claims, litigation
or investigations, which could harm our operating results. 

Our
inability or failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or any claimed infringement by us of third-party intellectual rights,
could have a negative impact on our operating results. 

Our
trademark, trade secrets and other intellectual property, including proprietary software, are valuable assets that are critical to our
success. The unauthorized reproduction or other misappropriation of our intellectual property could cause a decline in our revenue. In
addition, any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us could be time-consuming to address, result in costly
litigation, cause product delays, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements or result in our loss of ownership or use
of the intellectual property. 

The
Company s business is influenced by general economic conditions. 

The
Company s performance is subject to general economic conditions and their impact on levels of discretionary consumer spending.
General economic conditions impacting discretionary consumer spending include, among others, wages and employment, consumer debt, reductions
in net worth, residential real estate and mortgage markets, taxation, fuel and energy prices, interest rates, consumer confidence and
other macroeconomic factors. 

22 

Consumer
purchases of discretionary items generally decline during recessionary periods and other periods where disposable income is adversely
affected. A downturn in the economy affects retailers disproportionately, as consumers may prioritize reductions in discretionary spending,
which could have a direct impact on purchases of our products and services and adversely impact our results of operations. In addition,
reduced consumer spending may drive us and our competitors to offer additional products at promotional prices, which would have a negative
impact on gross profit. 

Disruption
of global capital and credit markets may have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity and capital resources. 

Distress
in the financial markets has in the past and can in the future result in extreme volatility in security prices, diminished liquidity
and credit availability. There can be no assurance that our liquidity will not be affected by changes in the financial markets and the
global economy or that our capital resources will at all times be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity needs. 

The
Company is dependent upon access to capital for its liquidity needs. 

The
Company must have sufficient sources of liquidity to fund its working capital requirements and indebtedness. The future availability
of financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as economic and market conditions, the availability of credit and the Company s
credit rating, as well as the Company s reputation with potential lenders. These factors could materially adversely affect the
Company s ability to fund its working capital requirements, costs of borrowing, and the Company s financial position and
results of operations would be adversely impacted. 

We
may complete a future significant strategic transaction that may not achieve intended results or could increase the number of our outstanding
shares or amount of outstanding debt or result in a change of control. 

We
will evaluate and may in the future enter into strategic transactions. Any such transaction could happen at any time following the closing
of the merger, could be material to our business and could take any number of forms, including, for example, an acquisition, merger or
a sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 

Evaluating
potential transactions and integrating completed ones may divert the attention of our management from ordinary operating matters. The
success of these potential transactions will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost
synergies through the successful integration of the businesses we acquire with our existing business. Even if we are successful in integrating
the acquired businesses, we cannot assure you that these integrations will result in the realization of the full benefit of any anticipated
growth opportunities or cost synergies or that these benefits will be realized within the expected time frames. In addition, acquired
businesses may have unanticipated liabilities or contingencies. 

If
we complete an acquisition, investment or other strategic transaction, we may require additional financing that could result in an increase
in the number of our outstanding shares or the aggregate principal amount of our debt. A strategic transaction may result in a change
in control of our company or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business. 

Historically,
we have experienced declines, and we may continue to experience fluctuation in our level of sales and results from operations. 

A
variety of factors has historically affected, and will continue to affect, our sales results and profit margins. These factors include
general economic conditions; competition; actions taken by our competitors; consumer trends and preferences; access to third party marketplaces;
and new product introductions and changes in our product mix. 

There
is no assurance that we will achieve positive levels of sales and earnings growth, and any decline in our future growth or performance
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

23 

The
ability of the Company to satisfy its liabilities and to continue as a going concern will continue to be dependent on the implementation
of several items, the success of which is not certain. 

The
Company s primary source of liquidity is available cash and cash equivalents, which is limited. Therefore, the ability of the Company
to meet its liabilities and to continue as a going concern is dependent on, among other things, improved profitability, the continued
implementation of its business strategy, the availability of future funding, implementation of one or more corporate initiatives to reduce
costs at the parent company level and other strategic alternatives, including selling all or part of the remaining business or assets
of the Company, and overcoming the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be successful in further implementing our business strategy or that the strategy, including the completed
initiatives, will be successful in sustaining acceptable levels of sales growth and profitability. 

Parties
with whom the Company does business may be subject to insolvency risks or may otherwise become unable or unwilling to perform their obligations
to the Company. 

The
Company is a party to contracts, transactions and business relationships with various third parties, including partners, vendors, suppliers,
service providers and lenders, pursuant to which such third parties have performance, payment and other obligations to the Company. In
some cases, the Company depends upon such third parties to provide essential products, services or other benefits, including with respect
to merchandise, advertising, software development and support, logistics, other agreements for goods and services in order to operate
the Company s business in the ordinary course, extensions of credit, credit card accounts and related receivables, and other vital
matters. Economic, industry and market conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could result in increased risks to
the Company associated with the potential financial distress or insolvency of such third parties. The Company is not currently able to
accurately determine the extent and scope of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on such third parties. If any of these third parties
were to become subject to bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings, the rights and benefits of the Company in relation to its
contracts, transactions and business relationships with such third parties could be terminated, modified in a manner adverse to the Company,
or otherwise impaired. The Company cannot make any assurances that it would be able to arrange for alternate or replacement contracts,
transactions or business relationships on terms as favorable as the Company s existing contracts, transactions or business relationships,
if at all. Any inability on the part of the Company to do so could negatively affect the Company s cash flows, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Failure
to comply with legal and regulatory requirements could adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 

The
Company s business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations. Significant legislative changes that impact our relationship
with our workforce (none of which is represented by unions) could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. Examples
of possible legislative changes impacting our relationship with our workforce include changes to an employer s obligation to recognize
collective bargaining units, the process by which collective bargaining units are negotiated or imposed, minimum wage requirements, health
care mandates, and changes in overtime regulations. 

Our
policies, procedures and internal controls are designed to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including those imposed by
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and Nasdaq, as well as applicable employment laws. Additional legal and
regulatory requirements increase the complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related cost of compliance.
Failure to comply with such laws and regulations may result in damage to our reputation, financial condition and market price of our
stock. 

24 

The
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provides that state or federal court located within the state of Delaware will be the sole and
exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit its stockholders ability to
obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

Section
21 of our certificate of incorporation and Section 7.4 of our bylaws provides that [u]nless the corporation consents in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf
of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of
the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any
provision of the DGCL, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a state or federal court
located in the county in which the principal office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is established, in all cases subject
to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or any
claim for which the federal courts have exclusive or concurrent jurisdiction. Therefore, the exclusive forum provision in our
certificate of incorporation and our bylaws will not relieve us of our duty to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder, and stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 

This
exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with
us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us or our directors, officers or other employees.
In addition, stockholders who do bring a claim in the state or federal court in the State of Delaware could face additional litigation
costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware. The state or federal court of the State of
Delaware may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder would otherwise
choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our stockholders. However, the enforceability
of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation have been challenged in legal proceedings,
and it is possible that a court could find this type of provision to be inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more
of the specified types of actions or proceedings. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our certificate
of incorporation and our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we might incur additional costs associated with resolving
such action in other jurisdictions. 

By
purchasing our common stock, you are bound by the fee-shifting provision contained in our bylaws, which may discourage you to pursue
actions against us and could discourage stockholder lawsuits that might otherwise benefit the Company and its stockholders. 

Section
7.4 of our bylaws provides that [i]f any action is brought by any party against another party, relating to or arising out of these
Bylaws, or the enforcement hereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party reasonable attorneys 
fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the prosecution or defense of such action, provided that the provisions of this
sentence shall not apply with respect to internal corporate claims as defined in Section 109(b) of the DGCL. 

Our
bylaws provide that for this section, the term attorneys fees or attorneys fees and costs means
the fees and expenses of counsel to the Company and any other parties asserting a claim subject to Section 7.4 of the bylaws, which may
include printing, photocopying, duplicating and other expenses, air freight charges, and fees billed for law clerks, paralegals and other
persons not admitted to the bar but performing services under the supervision of an attorney, and the costs and fees incurred in connection
with the enforcement or collection of any judgment obtained in any such proceeding. 

We
adopted the fee-shifting provision to eliminate or decrease nuisance and frivolous litigation. We intend to apply the fee-shifting provision
broadly to all actions except for claims brought under
the Exchange Act and the Securities Act . 

There
is no set level of recovery required to be met by a plaintiff to avoid payment under this provision. Instead, whoever is the prevailing
party is entitled to recover the reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the prosecution or
defense of such action. Any party who brings an action, and the party against whom such action is brought under Section 7.4 of our bylaws,
which could include, but is not limited to former and current stockholders, Company directors, officers, affiliates, legal counsel, expert
witnesses and other parties, are subject to this provision. Additionally, any party who brings an action, and the party against whom
such action is brought under Section 7.4 of our bylaws, which could include, but is not limited to former and current stockholders, Company
directors, officers, affiliates, legal counsel, expert witnesses and other parties, would be able to recover fees under this provision. 

25 

In
the event you initiate or assert a claim against us, in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions contained in our Bylaws, and
you do not, in a judgment prevail, you will be obligated to reimburse us for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection
with such claim, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney s fees and expenses and costs of appeal, if any. Additionally,
this provision in Section 7.4 of our bylaws could discourage stockholder lawsuits that might otherwise benefit the Company and its stockholders. 

THE
FEE SHIFTING PROVISION CONTAINED IN THE BYLAWS IS NOT INTENDED TO BE DEEMED A WAIVER BY ANY HOLDER OF COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY S
COMPLIANCE WITH THE U.S. FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER. THE FEE SHIFTING PROVISION CONTAINED
IN THE BYLAWS DO NOT APPLY TO CLAIMS BROUGHT UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT AND SECURITIES ACT. 

Litigation
may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, consumers, partners, suppliers, competitors, stockholders, government agencies
or others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. The outcome of
litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. We may incur losses relating
to these claims, and in addition, these proceedings could cause us to incur costs and may require us to devote resources to defend against
these claims that could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
effects of natural disasters, terrorism, acts of war, and public health issues may adversely affect our business. 

Natural
disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, and tornadoes may affect store and distribution center operations. In addition,
acts of terrorism, acts of war, and military action both in the United States and abroad can have a significant effect on economic conditions
and may negatively affect our ability to purchase merchandise from suppliers for sale to our customers. Public health issues, such as
flu or other pandemics, whether occurring in the United States or abroad, could disrupt our operations and result in a significant part
of our workforce being unable to operate or maintain our infrastructure or perform other tasks necessary to conduct our business. Additionally,
public health issues may disrupt, or have an adverse effect on, our suppliers operations, our operations, our customers, or customer
demand. Our ability to mitigate the adverse effect of these events depends, in part, upon the effectiveness of our disaster preparedness
and response planning as well as business continuity planning. However, we cannot be certain that our plans will be adequate or implemented
properly in the event of an actual disaster. We may be required to suspend operations in some or all our locations, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any significant declines in public safety
or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects that affect customer spending habits could have a material adverse effect on customer
purchases of our products. 

A
pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, may materially and adversely affect our business. 

Our
business, results of operations, and financial condition may be materially adversely impacted if a public health outbreak, including
the recent COVID-19 pandemic, interferes with our ability, or the ability of our employees, contractors, suppliers, and other business
partners to perform our and their respective responsibilities and obligations relative to the conduct of our business. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, resulting
in an economic downturn that could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result, our ability to fund
through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, and through other means at acceptable terms, if at all, may be disrupted,
in the event our financing needs for the foreseeable future are not able to be met by our balances of cash, cash equivalents and cash
generated from operations. 

26 

In
addition, the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic and various governmental responses in the United States has adversely affected and
may continue to adversely affect our business operations, including our ability to carry on business development activities, restrictions
in business-related travel, delays or disruptions in our on-going projects, and unavailability of the employees of the Company or third
parties with whom we conduct business, due to illness or quarantines, among others. Our business was negatively impacted by disruptions
in our supply chain, which limited our ability to source merchandise, and limits on products fulfillment placed by Amazon. For example,
we may be unable to launch new products, replenish inventory for existing products, ship into or receive inventory in our third-party
warehouses in each case on a timely basis or at all. The extent to which COVID-19 could impact our business will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, and will depend on many factors, including the duration of the outbreak,
the effect of travel restrictions and social distancing efforts in the United States and other countries, the scope and length of business
closures or business disruptions, and the actions taken by governments to contain and treat the disease. As such, we cannot presently
predict the scope and extent of any potential business shutdowns or disruptions. Possible effects may include, but are not limited to,
disruption to our customers and revenue, absenteeism in our labor workforce, unavailability of products and supplies used in our operations,
shutdowns that may be mandated or requested by governmental authorities, and a decline in the value of our assets, including various
long-lived assets. 

The
loss of key senior management personnel or the failure to hire and retain highly skilled and other key personnel could negatively affect
our business. 

We
depend on our senior management and other key personnel, particularly Sam Lai, our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and
Interim Chief Financial Officer. We do not have key person life insurance policies. We also rely on other highly skilled
personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in the technology industry has historically been intense, particularly for software engineers,
computer scientists, and other technical staff. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees or the inability to
hire, train, retain, and manage qualified personnel, could harm our business. 

The
ability of Sam Lai, our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior
Vice President, who are husband and wife, to control our business may limit or eliminate minority stockholders ability to influence
corporate affairs. 

As of March 31, 2023, Mr. Sam
Lai, our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and Interim Chief Financial Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President,
who are husband and wife, beneficially owned an aggregate of 33,311,576 shares of our common stock, which represents approximately 95 
of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. Because of this voting control through the
shares of the common stock they beneficially own, they are able to significantly influence membership of our Board of Directors, as well
as all other matters requiring stockholder approval. The interests of our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President may differ
from the interests of other stockholders with respect to the issuance of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies,
selection of other officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority stockholders will have no way of overriding decisions
made by our Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President. 

As
a controlled company, we are not subject to all of Nasdaq s corporate governance rules. 

The controlled company 
exception to the Nasdaq rules provides that a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another
company, a controlled company, need not comply with certain requirements of the Nasdaq corporate governance rules. As of
March 31, 2023, Mr. Sam Lai, our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and Interim Chief Financial Officer, and Maggie Yu, our
Senior Vice President, who are husband and wife, beneficially owned an aggregate of 33,311,576 shares of our common stock, which represents
approximately 95 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. We are a controlled
company within the meaning of Nasdaq s corporate governance rules. Controlled companies are exempt from Nasdaq s corporate
governance rules requiring that listed companies have (i) a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors
under the Nasdaq listing standards, (ii) a nominating/corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors and a
written nominating/corporate governance committee charter meeting Nasdaq s requirements, and (iii) a compensation committee composed
entirely of independent directors and a written compensation committee charter meeting the Nasdaq requirements. We currently utilize and
presently intend to continue to utilize these exemptions. As a result, we may not have a majority of independent directors, our nomination
and corporate governance committee and compensation committee may not consist entirely of independent directors and such committees may
not be subject to annual performance evaluations. Accordingly, you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies
that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. See Management Board Committees and Director
Independence Controlled Company and Director Independence . 

27 

Government
regulation is evolving and unfavorable changes could harm our business. 

We
are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet and e-commerce.
These regulations and laws cover taxation, privacy, data protection, data security, network security, consumer protection, pricing, content,
copyrights, distribution, transportation, mobile communications, electronic device certification, electronic waste, energy consumption,
environmental regulation, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, employment, trade and protectionist measures, web
services, the provision of online payment services, registration, licensing, and information reporting requirements, unencumbered Internet
access to our services or access to our facilities, the design and operation of websites, health, safety, and sanitation standards, the
characteristics, legality, and quality of products and services, product labeling, the commercial operation of unmanned aircraft systems,
and other matters. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, libel, privacy, data protection, data
security, network security, and consumer protection apply to aspects of our operations such as the Internet, e-commerce, digital content,
web services, electronic devices, advertising, and artificial intelligence technologies and services. A large number of jurisdictions
regulate our operations, and the extent, nature, and scope of such regulations is evolving and expanding as the scope of our businesses
expand. Unfavorable regulations, laws, decisions, or interpretations by government or regulatory authorities applying those laws and
regulations, or inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions threatened or initiated by them, could cause us to incur substantial
costs, expose us to unanticipated civil and criminal liability or penalties (including substantial monetary fines), diminish the demand
for, or availability of, our products, increase our cost of doing business, require us to change our business practices in a manner materially
adverse to our business, damage our reputation, impede our growth, or otherwise have a material effect on our operations. 

We
are subject to product liability claims when people or property are harmed by the products we sell 

Some
of the products we sell expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury, illness, death, or environmental or property
damage, and can require product recalls or other actions. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage
will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms,
or at all. Some of our agreements with our vendors do not indemnify us from product liability. 

We
could face prior period sales tax and corporate tax liabilities, penalties and collection obligations 

We
make an assessment of sales tax payable including any related interest and penalties and accrues these estimates on the financial statements.
Pursuant to the Wayfair decision, each state enforced sales tax collection at different dates. We collect and remit sales tax in accordance
with the state regulations. We estimate that as of December 31, 2022, we owe 288,466 in sales taxes along with penalties and interest.
The Company has made significant progress filing historical sales tax returns and target to complete filings for all jurisdictions in
2023. 

We
are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection obligations in the U.S. (federal and state). We may recognize additional tax expense
and be subject to additional tax liabilities, including other liabilities for tax collection obligations due to changes in laws, regulations,
administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition,
and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions. Such changes could come about as a result of economic, political, and other
conditions. An increasing number of jurisdictions are considering or have adopted laws or administrative practices that impose new tax
measures, including revenue-based taxes, targeting online commerce and the remote selling of goods and services. These include new obligations
to collect sales, consumption, value added, or other taxes on online marketplaces and remote sellers, or other requirements that may
result in liability for third party obligations. Our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely effected by additional taxes
of this nature imposed on us prospectively or retroactively or additional taxes or penalties resulting from the failure to comply with
any collection obligations or failure to provide information about our customers, suppliers, and other third parties for tax reporting
purposes to various government agencies. In some cases, we also may not have sufficient notice to enable us to build systems and adopt
processes to properly comply with new reporting or collection obligations by the effective date. 

28 

Our
tax expense and liabilities are also affected by other factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions, investments,
entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize
related tax benefits, the applicability of special or extraterritorial tax regimes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes
in our stock price, changes to our forecasts of income and loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, and changes in our
tax assets and liabilities and their valuation. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations
for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax expense,
assets, and liabilities. 

We
are also subject to tax controversies in various jurisdictions that can result in tax assessments against us. Developments in an audit,
investigation, or other tax controversy can have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for
which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome
resulting from these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable,
the final outcome of audits, investigations, and any other tax controversies could be materially different from our historical tax accruals. 

Our
current accounting and inventory tracking systems could impair our ability to file accurate and timely financial statements 

The
capabilities of our inventory systems to track prior period costs at an item level have not been operationalized for the purposes of
calculating inventory value. This could hinder our ability to accurately track inventory value and could impact our ability to provide
accurate financials in a timely manner. The Company uses Quickbooks Online as both its accounting system and inventory tracking system.
The Company currently does not conduct the period end review and accounting month end close using this accounting system. These procedures
are done outside of the accounting system using spreadsheets. The manual nature of these procedures could lead to delay as well as errors
in our financial reporting. These errors could include incorrect unit cost data for FIFO inventory valuation. 

The
Company currently values inventory by using estimates of the number of units and cost per unit. Our ability to accurately estimate unit
costs in a timely manner is dependent on our inventory tracking systems. The Company plans on operationalizing an inventory tracking
system in the next nine months. The Company plans to start conducting the period end review and accounting month end close using the
accounting system over the next nine months. 

Related
to Ownership of Our Common Stock and Lack of Liquidity 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with Nasdaq s continued listing standards. 

There
is no guarantee that we will be able to maintain our Nasdaq listing for any period of time by perpetually satisfying Nasdaq s continued
listing requirements. Our failure to continue to meet these requirements may result in our common stock being delisted from Nasdaq. 

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

We
cannot predict the prices at which our common stock will trade in the future. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially
and will depend on a number of factors, including those described in this Risk Factors section, many of which are beyond
our control and may not be related to our operating performance. In addition, the limited public float of our common stock will tend
to increase the volatility of the trading price of our common stock. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment
in our common stock, since you might not be able to sell your shares. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our
common stock include, but are not limited to, the following: 

actual or anticipated changes
 or fluctuations in our results of operations; 

29 

the financial projections
 we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections, or our failure to meet these projections; 

announcements by us or
 our competitors of new products or new or terminated significant contracts, commercial relationships, or capital commitments; 

industry or financial analyst
 or investor reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

rumors and market speculation
 involving us or other companies in our industry; 

price and volume fluctuations
 in the overall stock market from time to time; 

changes in operating performance
 and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 

the expiration of market
 stand-off or contractual lock-up agreements and sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 

failure of industry or
 financial analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any analysts who follow our company, or our failure
 to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 

actual or anticipated developments
 in our business, or our competitors businesses, or the competitive landscape generally; 

litigation involving us,
 our industry, or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 

developments or disputes
 concerning our intellectual property rights, our products, or third-party proprietary rights; 

announced or completed
 acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; 

new laws or regulations
 or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

any major changes in our
 management or our board of directors, particularly with respect to Mr. Lai; 

general economic conditions
 and slow or negative growth of our markets; and 

other events or factors,
 including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events. 

In
addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock,
regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the
market prices of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against that company.
Securities litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources
from our business. This could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

30 

Our
common stock may be subject to the penny stock rules in the future. It may be more difficult to resell securities classified
as penny stock. 

Our
common stock may be subject to penny stock rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock with a per-share price
below 5.00) in the future. While our common stock is not currently considered penny stock since it is listed on the Nasdaq,
if we are unable to maintain that listing and our common stock is no longer listed on the Nasdaq, unless we maintain a per-share price
above 5.00, our common stock will become penny stock. These rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
that recommend the purchase or sale of penny stocks to persons other than those who qualify as established customers or
 accredited investors. For example, broker-dealers must determine the appropriateness for non-qualifying persons of investments
in penny stocks. Broker-dealers must also provide, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized
risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also
must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, disclose the compensation of the broker-dealer and
its salesperson in the transaction, furnish monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account, provide a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s
written agreement to the transaction. 

Legal
remedies available to an investor in penny stocks may include the following: 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states securities
laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms
that committed the fraud for damages. 

These
requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes
subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers
from effecting transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements
may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock. 

Many
brokerage firms will discourage or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest
in penny stocks. In addition, many individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial
risk generally associated with these investments. 

For
these reasons, penny stocks may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance at what time, if
ever, our common stock will not be classified as a penny stock in the future. 

If
the benefits of any proposed acquisition do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or financial analysts, the market price
of our common stock may decline. 

If
the benefits of any proposed acquisition do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our common
stock prior to the closing of the proposed acquisition may decline. The market values of our common stock at the time of the proposed
acquisition may vary significantly from their prices on the date the acquisition target was identified. 

In
addition, broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock irrespective of our operating performance.
The stock market in general has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be
predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive
to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations.
A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability
to obtain additional financing in the future. 

31 

Changes
in accounting principles and guidance, or their interpretation, could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects, including
changes to our previously filed financial statements, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate
accounting principles and guidance. A change in these principles or guidance, or in their interpretations, may have a significant effect
on our reported results and retroactively affect previously reported results. 

As
an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the JOBS Act ),
we are permitted to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. 

We
qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions
from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report
 on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act 

comply with any requirement
 that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the
 auditors report providing additional information about the audit and the consolidated financial statements (i.e., an auditor
 discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive
 compensation matters to stockholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on-frequency and 

disclose certain executive
 compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive
 officer s compensation to median employee compensation. 

In
addition, Section 102 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our consolidated financial statements may therefore
not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest to occur of: (i) the end of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross
revenue is 1.07 billion or more; (ii) the end of the fiscal year in which the market value of our common shares that are held by non-affiliates
is at least 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter; (iii) the date on which
we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; and (iv) the end of the fiscal
year during which the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering occurs. 

Until
such time, however, we cannot predict if investors will find our securities less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the
price of our securities may be more volatile. 

32 

If
we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy
and completeness of our financial reports and have an adverse effect on the value of our securities. 

As
a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such
internal control. Further, we are required to report any changes in internal controls on a quarterly basis. In addition, we are required
to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. We have, and will continue to, design, implement, and test the internal control over financial reporting required to comply with
these obligations. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with
the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our
independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting when required, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the value of our
securities could be negatively affected. We also could become subject to investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which
could require additional financial and management resources. 

As
an emerging growth company, our auditor will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting while we are an emerging growth company. This means that the effectiveness of our financial operations may differ from our
peer companies in that they may be required to obtain independent registered public accounting firm attestations as to the effectiveness
of their internal controls over financial reporting and we are not. While our management will be required to attest to internal control
over financial reporting and we will be required to detail changes to our internal controls on a quarterly basis, we cannot provide assurance
that the independent registered public accounting firm s review process in assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls
over financial reporting, if obtained, would not find one or more material weaknesses or significant deficiencies. Further, once we cease
to be an emerging growth company and cease to be a smaller reporting company (as described below), we will be subject to independent
registered public accounting firm attestation regarding the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Even if
management finds such controls to be effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may decline to attest to the effectiveness
of such internal controls and issue a qualified report. 

We
are a smaller reporting company and accordingly, are exempt from certain disclosure requirements, which could make our common stock less
attractive to potential investors. 

Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act defines a smaller reporting company as an issuer that is not an investment company, an asset-backed
issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent that is not a smaller reporting company and that: 

had
 a public float of less than 250 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, computed
 by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the
 price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average of the bid and asked prices of common equity, in the principal market
 for the common equity; or 

in
 the case of an initial registration statement under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act for shares of its common equity, had a
 public float of less than 250 million as of a date within 30 days of the date of the filing of the registration statement, computed
 by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of such shares held by non-affiliates before the registration plus, in the case of
 a Securities Act registration statement, the number of such shares included in the registration statement by the estimated public
 offering price of the shares; or 

in
 the case of an issuer whose public float as calculated under the first or second bullets was zero or whose public float was less
 than 700 million, had annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year for which audited
 financial statements are available. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required, and may not include, a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section in our proxy statements;
we will provide only two years of financial statements; and we need not provide the table of selected financial data. We also will have
other scaled disclosure requirements that are less comprehensive than issuers that are not smaller reporting companies
which could make our common stock less attractive to potential investors, which could make it more difficult for our stockholders to
sell their shares. 

33 

We
incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial
time to new compliance initiatives. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has imposed various
requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Our
management and other personnel must devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations
have increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming
and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain directors 
and officers liability insurance, which could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board
of directors. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the timing of such costs. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial
reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, we are required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting on the later of our second annual report on Form 10-K or the first annual report on
Form 10-K following the date on which we are no longer an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company. Our compliance with
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts.
We currently do not have an internal audit group, and we will need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate
public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a
timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the value of our securities could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or
investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 

Our
ability to successfully implement our business plan and comply with Section 404 requires us to be able to prepare timely and accurate
financial statements. We expect that we will need to continue to improve existing, and implement new operational and financial systems,
procedures and controls to manage our business effectively. Any delay in the implementation of, or disruption in the transition to, new
or enhanced systems, procedures or controls, may cause our operations to suffer and we may be unable to conclude that our internal control
over financial reporting is effective and to obtain an unqualified report on internal controls from our auditors as required under Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This, in turn, could have an adverse impact on value of our securities, and could adversely affect our
ability to access the capital markets. 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

The
Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes
in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include: 

no cumulative voting in
 the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

the exclusive right of
 our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation,
 death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

the ability of our board
 of directors to determine whether to issue shares of our preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares,
 including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership
 of a hostile acquirer; 

34 

limiting
 the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 

providing
 that a special meeting of the stockholders may only be called by a majority of the board of directors; 

providing
 that directors may be removed prior to the expiration of their terms by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 2/3
 of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote; and 

advance
 notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters
 to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation
 of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of the Company or changes in our board of directors
and management. 

Any
provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control
could limit the opportunity for our security holders to receive a premium for their securities and could also affect the price that some
investors are willing to pay for our securities. 

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to do so in the future. 

Holders
of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors. To date, we have paid
no cash dividends on our shares of common stock and we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to provide funds for operations of our business. Therefore, any return investors in our
common stock may have will be in the form of appreciation, if any, in the market value of their shares of common stock. See Dividend
Policy. 

We
will indemnify and hold harmless our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by Delaware law. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provide that we will indemnify and hold harmless our officers and directors against claims arising from
our activities, to the maximum extent permitted by Delaware law. If we were called upon to perform under our indemnification obligations,
then the portion of our assets expended for such purpose would reduce the amount otherwise available for our business. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our corporate headquarters
are located at 8201 164th Ave. NE, #200, Redmond, WA 98052-7615, where we rent a virtual office from an unaffiliated third party
under a virtual office/meeting room agreement. This agreement provides for daily telephone answering, messaging and fax services,
and paid access to conference rooms on an as-needed basis. The virtual office arrangement expires on August 31, 2023. Terms of the
virtual office arrangement provide for a rent payment of 35.695 per month. We also lease a warehouse located at Floor 35, No.
1123-1139, Fangshan Beier Road, Xiangbei Industry District, Xiamen, China, where we lease approximately 1680 square meter from an
unaffiliated third party. This lease expires in January, 2022. Terms of this lease provide for a base rent payment of RMB21,840
(approximately US 3,116) per month. In January, 2022, we partnered with FBABEEE located at 1st Floor, Building B, No. 2, Hongye
North 17 Road, Tangxia Town, Dongguan City,Guangdong, China, who handle our storage and warehousing from an unaffiliated third
party. This service expires in January, 2023. The terms of this service provide for a base payment that is charged based on our
usage. Flywheel, our wholly owned subsidiary, had three new office leases in Taiwan in 2022. The respective lease terms are January
1, 2022 to December 31, 2023, June 1, 2022 to May 31, 2024, and August 1, 2022 to July 31, 2024, and the total contract amounts are
 534,910, 114,016 and 157,973, respectively. We believe that these facilities are adequate for our current and near-term future
needs. 

35 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we are involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. To the knowledge of our
management, there are no legal proceedings currently pending against us which we believe would have a material effect on our business,
financial position or results of operations and, to the best of our knowledge, there are no such legal proceedings contemplated or threatened. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our common stock is listed The
Nasdaq Capital Market and its stock symbol is HOUR. The closing price of our common stock on Nasdaq on March 30, 2023 was
 2.004. 

Holders 

As of March 31, 2023, there were
35,047,828 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and we had approximately 6 holders of record of our common stock. The
number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of banks, brokers, nominees
or other fiduciaries. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
We intend to retain future earnings, if any, for reinvestment in the development and expansion of our business. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

On June 27, 2021, our Board of
Directors and stockholders holding a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock approved the 2021 Plan. Under the 2021 Plan, a
total of 4,995,000 shares of common stock were originally authorized for issuance pursuant to the grant of stock options, stock appreciation
rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, performance shares or other cash- or stock-based awards to officers,
directors, employees and eligible consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries. Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Plan and subject to
adjustment as provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2021 Plan will be cumulatively
increased on January 1, 2022 and on each subsequent January 1, by a number of shares equal to the smaller of (i) 3 of the number of shares
of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (ii) an amount determined by our Board of Directors.
As of March 31, 2023, there were 5,994,000 shares authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan, and 5,994,000 shares available for issuance
under the 2021 Plan. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In
connection with our conversion from a Washington corporation to a Delaware corporation on April 7, 2021, we issued 5,000,000 (pre-stock
splits) shares of common stock to each of Sam Lai, our Chief Executive Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President (for an aggregate
of 10,000,000 (pre-stock splits) shares of common stock). 

36 

On
September 22, 2021, our board of directors and stockholders approved a forward stock split in a ratio of 4.44-for-1 Forward Stock
Split and on September 27, 2021, we filed a certificate of amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation implementing the Forward
Stock Split in a ratio of 4.44-for-1, effective September 27, 2021. Therefore, on September 27, 2021, following the Forward Stock Split,
Sam Lai, our Chief Executive Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President, each held 22,200,000 shares of common stock (for
an aggregate of 44,400,000 shares of common stock). 

On
November 29, 2021, our board of directors and stockholders approved a reverse stock split in a ratio of 0.75-for-1 Reverse Stock
Split and on December 1, 2021, we filed a certificate of amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation implementing the Reverse
Stock Split in a ratio of 0.75-for-1, effective December 3, 2021. Therefore, on December 3, 2021, following the Reverse Stock Split,
Sam Lai, our Chief Executive Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President, each held 16,650,000 shares of common stock (for
an aggregate of 33,300,000 shares of common stock). 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company issued and vested 1,772 shares of Company common stock to each of Sam Lai, our Chief Executive
Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President, with a fair market value of 4.00 per share as compensation for the past services
to the Company pursuant to the terms of their Executive Employment Agreements with the Company. 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company issued and vested 1,750, 1,750, and 709 shares of Company common stock to Michael Lenner, Douglas
Branch, and Alan Gao, respectively, with a fair market value of 4.00 per share as compensation for the past services as directors
to the Company pursuant to the terms of their Director Agreements with the Company. 

The
above issuances were made pursuant to an exemption from registration as set forth in 506 of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
Company s transfer agent is Nevada Agency and Transfer Company. The transfer agent s
 address is 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501, and its telephone number is (775)
322-0626. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this annual report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, statements
under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
When used in this annual report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements.
Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available
to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements
as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Unless the context otherwise requires,
 Hour Loop, we, us, our, or the Company refers to Hour Loop, Inc.
and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

37 

Overview 

Our
Business 

We
are an online retailer engaged in e-commerce retailing in the U.S. market. We have operated as a third-party seller on www.amazon.com
 since 2013. We have also sold merchandise on our website at www.hourloop.com since 2013. We expanded our operations to www.walmart.com
in October 2020. To date, we have generated practically all of our revenue as a third-party seller on www.amazon.com and only
a negligible amount of revenue from our operations on our website at www.hourloop.com and as a third-party seller on www.walmart.com .
We manage more than 100,000 stock-keeping units SKUs ). Product categories include home/garden d cor, toys, kitchenware,
apparels, and electronics. Our primary strategy is to bring most of our vendors product selections to the customers. We have advanced
software that assists us in identifying product gaps so we can keep such products in stock year-round including the entirety of the last
quarter (holiday season) of the calendar year Q4 ). In upcoming years, we plan to expand our business rapidly by increasing
the number of business managers, vendors and SKUs. 

Business
Model 

There
are three main types of business models on Amazon: wholesale, private label and retail arbitrage. Our business model is wholesale, also
known as reselling, which refers to buying products in bulk directly from the brand or manufacturer at a wholesale price and making a
profit by selling the product on Amazon. We sell merchandise on Amazon and the sales are fulfilled by Amazon. We pay Amazon fees for
allowing us to sell on their platform. Our relationship with Walmart is also similar. We pay Walmart fees for allowing us to sell our
merchandise on their platform. As stated above, to date, we have generated only a negligible amount of revenues as a third-party seller
on www.walmart.com . 

The
advantages of selling via a wholesale model: 

Purchase lower
 unit quantities with wholesale orders than private label products. 

Selling wholesale is less
 time intensive and easier to scale than sourcing products via retail arbitrage. 

More brands will want to
 work with us because we can provide broader Amazon presence. 

The
challenges of selling via a wholesale model: 

Fierce competition
 on listing for Buy Box on amazon.com (as described below). 

Developing and maintaining
 relationships with brand manufacturers. 

Market
Description/Opportunities 

Total
retail sales increased 18 to 6.56 trillion in 2021 from 5.56 trillion in 2020. Consumers spent 960.15 billion online with U.S. merchants
in 2021, which is around 14.63 of total retail sales for the year compared to 14.60 in 2020. Amazon accounted for nearly 40 of all
e-commerce in the United States and that makes Amazon the biggest ecommerce giant currently in the market. 

Formation 

We
were originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Washington on January 13, 2015. In 2019, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary,
Flywheel Consulting Ltd. Flywheel ), to provide business operating consulting services, exclusively to Hour Loop. On April
7, 2021, Hour Loop converted from a Washington corporation to a Delaware corporation. The
Company was founded in 2013 by Sam Lai and Maggie Yu. With their vision, leadership, and software development skills, the Company grew
rapidly. From 2013 to 2022, sales grew from 0 to 95,930,091. 

38 

Competitive
advantage 

Among
more than 2 million active third-party sellers on Amazon, we believe we have two main competitive advantages: 

First, we have
 strong operations and sales teams experienced in listing, shipment, advertising, reconciliation and sales. By delivering high quality
 results and enhancing procedures through the process, our teams are competitive. 

Second, we believe our
 proprietary software system gives us an advantage over our competition. The system is highly customized to our business model; it
 collects and processes large amounts of data every day to optimize our operation and sales. Through advanced software, we can identify
 product gaps and keep them in stock all year round. 

With
respect to our advertising strategy, we advertise those products that we estimate will have greater demand based on our experience. This
lets us allocate our advertising budget in a fashion that delivers positive value. We advertise our products on Amazon. We allocate our
advertising dollars prudently. This is accomplished by advertising items that deliver the most return for our advertising spending. We
monitor the items being advertised by our competitors. On the operations side, we constantly refine our processes based on learnings
from historical data. The combination of managing the business operations effectively along with allocating our advertising budget to
high value items allows us to grow profitably. In cases where the advertising is fierce, we allocate the spending appropriately. Our
strategy for competing with larger competitors is to monitor their pricing and not compete with them when their pricing is low or at
a loss. Competitors sell at low prices or at a loss due to a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, their desire to liquidate
inventory or achieve short term increase in revenue. During these times, we avoid matching their prices. This strategy allows us to stay
profitable. 

Our
Financial Position 

For
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated net revenues of 95,930,091 and 62,792,981, respectively, and reported
net (loss) income of (1,477,623) and 4,783,773, respectively, and cash flow (used in) provided by operating activities of (11,603,176)
and 7,791,069, respectively. As noted in our consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, we had retained earnings of
 1,177,072. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table shows a comparison of our 2022 and 2021 income statements. 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Statement of Operations Data 

Total revenues 
 95,930,091 
 62,792,981 
 
 Total cost of goods sold 
 (46,942,770 
 (27,984,335 
 
 Gross profit 
 48,987,321 
 34,808,646 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 50,906,679 
 29,334,497 
 
 (Loss) Income from operations 
 (1,919,358 
 5,474,149 
 
 Total other non-operating income 
 (20,428 
 18,829 
 
 Income tax provisions 
 462,163 
 (709,205 
 
 Net (Loss) income 
 (1,477,623 
 4,783,773 
 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 (15,171 
 (4,690 
 
 Total comprehensive (Loss) income 
 (1,492,794 
 4,779,083 

39 

Revenue 

We
generated 95,930,091 in 2022 as compared to 62,792,981 in revenue in 2021. The growth in revenue was 33,137,110 or 52.77 . We attribute
this growth to our continued growth and maturity in our operating model, which was enhanced by a favorable e-commerce environment. Our
total orders in 2022 were approximately 3,879,711, as compared to 2,210,629 orders in 2021. This represented an increase of 75.50 . 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 46,942,770, as compared to 27,984,335 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
Cost of goods sold includes the cost of the merchandise sold and shipping costs, as well as estimated losses due to damage to goods.
The increase in cost of goods sold was due to a greater number of items sold as a result of greater number of orders in 2022. 

Operating
Expense 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 50,906,679, a 21,572,182 increase from the 29,334,497 of operating expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2021. This change was caused by an increase in platform fees paid to Amazon, higher employee compensation
and IPO related costs. The Amazon fees are proportional to the revenue. The increase in revenue in 2022 over 2021 drove this increase
in platform fees. 

Other
(expense) Income 

Other
(expense) income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (20,428), as compared to 18,829 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other
expense for 2022 related mainly to Interest expense to related parties, while other income for 2021 related mainly due to a local government
grant received by Flywheel in 2021. 

Total
Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Total
comprehensive (Loss) income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (1,492,794), as compared to 4,779,083 for the year ended December
31, 2021, representing a decrease in total comprehensive income of 6,271,877. The decrease was driven by an increase in our Cost of
goods sold and Operating Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Impacts
to Results of Operations from COVID-19 

The
Company s services, operating results and financial performance could be adversely affected by the overall impacts of the pandemic.
Management has determined that there is no material uncertainty that casts substantial doubt on the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. It is expected that COVID-19 might have some impact, though it is not anticipated to be significant. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash
Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Liquidity
is the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. We had cash of 4,562,589
and 10,592,572 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Our
primary uses of cash have been for inventory, payments to Amazon related to sales and shipping of products, for services provided, payments
for marketing and advertising and salaries paid to our employees. We have received funds from the sales of products that we sell online.
The following trends are reasonably likely to result in changes in our liquidity over the near to long term: 

An
 increase in working capital requirements to finance the rapid growth in our current business, 

An
 increase in fees paid to Amazon and other partners as our sales grows 

The
 cost of being a public company; 

40 

Marketing
 and advertising expenses for attracting new customers; and 

Capital
 requirements for the development of additional infrastructure 

Since
inception, we have generated liquidity from the profitability of our ongoing business and from debt to fund our operations. 

The
following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Statement of Cash Flows 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (11,603,176 
 7,764,057 
 
 Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 (339,518 
 (16,115 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 5,923,342 
 (2,126,177 
 
 Effect of changes in foreign currency rates 
 (10,631 
 2,743 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (6,029,983 
 5,624,508 
 
 Cash - beginning of the period 
 10,592,572 
 4,968,064 
 
 Cash - end of the period 
 4,562,589 
 10,592,572 

Net
Cash (used in) provided by from Operating Activities 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, cash (used in) provided by operating activities amounted to (11,603,176), as compared to 7,764,057
for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was driven by our net (loss) income of (1,477,623), as compared to 4,783,773 in 2021. The
decrease in net income was driven by an increase in revenue from 95,930,091 in 2022, as compared to 62,792,981 in 2021. This increase
in revenue was offset by a corresponding increase in cost of goods sold and an increase in operating expenses of 21,572,182. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, 339,518 in cash was used in investing activities, as compared to 16,115 cash used in investing
activities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities amounted to 5,923,342, as compared to cash used in
financing activities of 2,126,177 for 177 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The cash provided by financing activities in
2022 related to the proceeds of the Company s initial public offering of 6,156,360. The cash used in financing activities in
2021 was mainly due to a distribution to stockholders of 6,302,418, offset by 4,170,418 in long-term debt obtained from related
parties. 

Off-balance
sheet financing arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased
any non-financial assets. 

41 

COVID-19 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization recognized the novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic. This COVID-19 outbreak
has severely restricted the level of economic activity around the world. In response to this COVID-19 outbreak, the governments of many
countries, states, cities, and other geographic regions have taken preventative or protective actions, such as imposing restrictions
on travel and business operations and advising or requiring individuals to limit or forego their time outside of their homes. The Company s
services, operating results and financial performance could be adversely affected by the overall impacts of the pandemic. Management
has determined that there is no material uncertainty that casts substantial doubt on the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. It is expected that COVID-19 might have some impact, though it is not anticipated to be significant. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Except
as set forth below, we do not have any long-term capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Bank
of America Loan 

On
June 18, 2019, the Company issued a Promissory Note (the BofA Note in the amount of 785,000 to Bank of America (the Lender for a loan in the amount of 785,000. The BofA Note matures on June 18, 2024 and bears interest at a rate of 8.11 per annum. The monthly
payment is 15,963, consisting of 11,398 of principal and 4,565 of interest. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate principal amount
of the BofA Note outstanding was -. As of December 31, 2022, there was an outstanding balance of deferred interest of 27,996. 

Taishin
International Bank 

On
August 18, 2022, Flywheel, signed a line of credit agreement in the amount of 6,940,063 with Taishin International Bank Taishin ).
The line of credit matures on August 30, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance under the Taishin line of credit was
 652,316, and bears interest at a rate of 2.6 per annum. Also, Flywheel has accrued interest expense of 1,440 as of December 31, 2022. 

PPP
Loan 

On
April 7, 2020, the Company issued a promissory note (the PPP Note in the amount of 27,012 under the Paycheck Protection
Program PPP to JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the Lender ). The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), which was enacted on March 27, 2020, provides for loans to qualifying
businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The PPP Note was set to mature
on April 7, 2022, and bore interest at a rate of 0.98 per annum, payable monthly commencing October 5, 2020, following an initial deferral
period as specified under the PPP loan. The PPP Note could be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The
Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act (the Flexibility Act ), signed on June 5, 2020, amended certain provisions of
the PPP, including the deferral period and repayment terms. The Flexibility Act extends the deferral period of payments of PPP loan principal,
interest, and fees to the date when the U.S. Small Business Administration makes a final decision on the borrower s application
for forgiveness, or 10 months after the last day of the covered period if a borrower has not applied for forgiveness (whichever is earlier).
This extension applies regardless of the terms of the PPP and does not require an amendment of the PPP. As such, the Company did not
make any payments on the PPP Note during 2020. 

Under
the terms of the PPP loan, up to the entire amount of principal and accrued interest may be forgiven to the extent PPP loan proceeds
are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act and applicable implementing guidance issued by the U.S. Small Business
Administration under the PPP loan. On May 6, 2021, the entire amount of principal and accrued interest on the PPP Note was forgiven. 

42 

Conversion
of S Corporation to C Corporation 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company completed a corporate reorganization to convert its status from a S corporation to a C corporation with an
effective date of July 27, 2021. Retained earnings in the amount of 4,170,418 were distributed by the Company to the S corporation stockholders 2,085,209 to each of Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu) on July 27, 2021. 

Affiliated
Loans 

From
time to time, the Company receives loans and advances from its stockholders to fund its operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had 4,329,460 due to related parties. While stockholder payables are non-interest bearing and payable on demand, the Company and stockholders
entered into loan agreements for loans with terms over one year. 

December
2020 Loan 

On
December 30, 2020 and later modified on September 16, 2021, the Company, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu entered into a loan agreement of 1,041,353
and converted it into a retroactive interest-bearing (2 loan with a repayment date of December 31, 2021. On January 18, 2022,
the Company repaid the loan in full. Together, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu hold over 95 of the Company s outstanding shares. Mr. Lai is
the Company s Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Yu is the Company s
Senior Vice President and a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

July
2021 Loan 

On
July 27, 2021, the Company, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu entered into a loan agreement with a principal amount of 4,170,418. The loan is subordinated.
The annual interest rate is 2 and the repayment date is December 31, 2022. The Company had accrued interest of 120,003 as of December
31, 2022. On December 28, 2022, the Company, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu agreed to extend the term of the loan, with the new
maturity date of December 31, 2024. As amended, the annual interest rate of the loan is 5.5 . 

Leases 

The
Company has three operating leases (Flywheel has three offices lease in Taiwan). The respective lease terms are January
1, 2022 to December 31, 2023, June 1, 2022 to May 31, 2024, and August 1, 2022 to July 31, 2024, respectively. 

For the Year Ending December 31, 
 Amount 

2023 
 399,962 
 
 2024 
 68,648 
 
 2025 
 - 
 
 2026 and thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total minimum lease payments 
 468,610 
 
 Less: effect of discounting 
 (18,449 
 
 Present value of the future minimum lease payment 
 450,161 
 
 Less: operating lease liabilities-current 
 (385,216 
 
 Total operating lease liabilities-non-current 
 64,945 

Sales
Taxes 

We
make an assessment of sales tax payable, including any related interest and penalties, and accrue these estimates on the financial statements.
Pursuant to the Wayfair decision, each state enforces sales tax collection at different dates. We collect and remit sales tax in accordance
with state regulations. We estimate that as of December 31, 2022, we owed 288,466 in sales taxes, along with penalties and interest.
The Company has made significant progress filing historical sales tax returns and target to complete filings for all jurisdictions in
2023. 

43 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid financial instruments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash and cash
equivalents. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value. 

Inventory
and Cost of Goods Sold 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is principally determined on a first-in first-out basis. The Company s
costs include the amounts it pays manufacturers for product, tariffs and duties associated with transporting product across national
borders, and freight costs associated with transporting the product from its manufacturers to its warehouses. 

Cost
of goods sold is comprised of the book value of inventory sold to customers during the reporting period. 

Property
and Equipment 

Property,
plant, and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated or amortized over the estimated useful life of the asset using the straight-line
method. 

Fair
Value Measurement 

Fair
value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
The carrying amounts reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable
and other current liabilities approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company accounts for revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC Topic 606 ). The Company adopted ASC Topic 606
as of January 1, 2019. The standard did not affect the Company s consolidated financial position, or cash flows. There were no
changes to the timing of revenue recognition as a result of the adoption. 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which provided a five-step model
for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers as follows: 

Identify
 the contract with a customer. 

Identify
 the performance obligations in the contract. 

Determine
 the transaction price. 

Allocate
 the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract. 

Recognize
 revenue when or as performance obligations are satisfied. 

The
Company derives its revenue from the sale of consumer products. The Company sells its products directly to consumers through online retail
channels. The Company considers customer order confirmations to be a contract with the customer. Customer confirmations are executed
at the time an order is placed through third-party online channels. For all of the Company s sales and distribution channels, revenue
is recognized when control of the product is transferred to the customer (i.e., when the Company s performance obligation is satisfied),
which typically occurs at shipment date. As a result, the Company has a present and unconditional right to payment and record the amount
due from the customer in accounts receivable. 

44 

The
Company evaluated principal versus agent considerations to determine whether it is appropriate to record platform fees paid to Amazon
as an expense or as a reduction of revenue. Platform fees are recorded as sales and distribution expenses and are not recorded as a reduction
of revenue because the Company owns and controls all the goods before they are transferred to the customer. The Company can, at any time,
direct Amazon, similarly, other third-party logistics providers Logistics Providers ), to return the Company s inventories
to any location specified by the Company. It is the Company s responsibility to make any returns made by customers directly to
Logistic Providers and the Company retains the back-end inventory risk. Further, the Company is subject to credit risk (i.e., credit
card chargebacks), establishes prices of its products, can determine who fulfills the goods to the customer (Amazon or the Company) and
can limit quantities or stop selling the goods at any time. The customer can return the products within 30 days after the products are
delivered and estimated sales returns are calculated based on the expected returns. Based on these considerations, the Company is the
principal in this arrangement. 

Performance
Obligations . A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good to the customer and is the unit of account
in ASC Topic 606. A contract s transaction price is recognized as revenue when the performance obligation is satisfied. Each of
the Company s contracts have a single distinct performance obligation, which is the promise to transfer individual goods. For consumer
product sales, the Company has elected to treat shipping and handling as fulfillment activities, and not a separate performance obligation.
The Company bills customers for charges for shipping and handling on certain sales and such charges are recorded as part of net revenue. 

For
each contract, the Company considers the promise to transfer products to be the only identified performance obligation. In determining
the transaction price, the Company evaluates whether the price is subject to refund or adjustment to determine the net consideration
to which the Company expects to be entitled. 

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts
receivable are stated at historical cost less allowance for doubtful accounts. On a periodic basis, management evaluates its accounts
receivable and determines whether to provide an allowance or if any accounts should be written off based on a past history of write-offs,
collections and current credit conditions. A receivable is considered past due if the Company has not received payments based on agreed-upon
terms. The Company performs on-going evaluations of its customers and maintains an allowance for bad and doubtful receivables. 

Leases 

The
Company has elected the adoption under ASC Topic 842, Leases, which allows the Company to apply the transition provision at the Company s
adoption date instead of at the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The Company elected the optional practical
expedient permitted under the transition guidance which allows the Company to carry forward the historical accounting treatment for existing
leases upon adoption. 

Sales
Taxes 

The
Company makes an assessment of sales tax payable including any related interest and penalties. The Company s accounting policy
is to exclude the tax collected and remitted from revenues and cost of revenues. Pursuant to the Wayfair decision, each state
enforces sales tax collection at different dates. The Company collects and remits sales tax in accordance with state regulations. In
the past, where the Company has not collected these taxes, the Company has made estimates of amounts owed and accrued these on the
financial statements. The Company has made significant progress of filing historical sales tax returns and target to complete
filings for all jurisdictions in 2023. 

Income
Taxes 

Prior
to 2021, the Company, with the stockholders consent, elected to be taxed as an S corporation under the provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and comparable state income tax law. As an S corporation,
the Company was generally not subject to corporate income taxes, and the Company s net income or loss is reported on the individual
tax return of the stockholders of the Company. On July 27, 2021, the Company s tax status changed to a C corporation. Per ASC 740-10-45-19,
when deferred tax accounts are recognized or derecognized as required by paragraphs 740-10-25-32 and 740-10-40-6 due to a change in tax
status, the effect of recognizing or derecognizing the deferred tax liability of asset shall be included in income from continuing operations. 

45 

The
Company also complied with state tax code, including California franchise tax. Management has evaluated its tax positions and has concluded
that the Company had taken no uncertain tax. 

Commitments
and Contingencies 

Liabilities
for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines, penalties, and other sources are recorded when it is probable
that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Legal costs incurred in connection with loss contingencies
are expensed as incurred. 

Related
Parties 

The
Company accounts for related party transactions in accordance with ASC Topic 850 (Related Party Disclosures). A party is considered to
be related to the Company if the party directly or indirectly or through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with the Company. Related parties also include principal owners of the Company, its management, members of the immediate
families of principal owners of the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls
or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might
be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. A party which can significantly influence the management or operating policies
of the transacting parties or if it has an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other
to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests is also a
related party. 

Earnings
per Share 

The
Company computes basic earnings per common share using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
For period in which the Company reports net losses, diluted net loss per share attributable to stockholders is the same as basic net
loss per share attributable to stockholders, because potentially dilutive common shares are not assumed to have been issued if their
effect is anti-dilutive. 

Foreign
Currency and Currency Translation 

In
case of a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar, the functional currency amounts are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange
rates in effect at year-end, with resulting translation gains or losses included within other comprehensive income or loss. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Reference
is made to pages F-1 through F-19 comprising a portion of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

46 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 14d-14(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting reliability and
financial statement preparation and presentation. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to risk that controls become inadequate because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making the assessment,
management used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013) in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework. Based on its assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our Company s internal
control over financial reporting was adequate in material aspects. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

47 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Officers
and Directors 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers and the positions held
by each. Each director s term continues until his or her successor is elected or qualified at the next annual meeting, unless such
director earlier resigns or is removed. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Sam
 Lai 
 
 41 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Sau
 Kuen (Maggie) Yu 
 
 46 
 
 Senior
 Vice President and Director 
 
 Douglas
 Branch 
 
 72 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Michael
 Lenner 
 
 45 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Minghui
 (Alan) Gao 
 
 50 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Hilary
 Hui-Chong) Bui 
 
 38 
 
 Independent
 Director 

Biographical
information concerning our directors and executive officers listed above is set forth below. 

Sam
Lai. Mr. Lai has served as our Chief Executive Officer and been a member of our Board of Directors since June 2013 and our Chairman
of Board since April 2021. He has served as our Interim Chief Financial Officer since March 29, 2022. He is a seasoned software engineer
who has designed and built software and code from the ground up at Hour Loop, Inc., Amazon.com, Inc., UnifiedEdge, Inc., Kits, and Applied
Research Labs for the past 18 years. From December 2009 through June 2017, Mr. Lai served as a Software Development Engineer for Amazon.com,
Inc. From March 2009 through December 2009, he served as a Senior Java Developer at UnifiedEdge, Inc. From February 2007 through March
2009, Mr. Lai served as a Senior Java Developer at Kits. From September 2005 through February 2007, he served as a Software Development
Engineer for Amazon.com, Inc. From March 2003 through January 2004, Mr. Lai served as a Research Engineer Scientist Assistant at Applied
Research Labs. Mr. Lai graduated with a Bachelor Degree in Computer Science from University of Texas at Austin in 2003 and a Masters
Degree in Computer Science from University of California, San Diego in 2004. Mr. Lai does not hold, and has not previously held, any
directorships in any reporting companies. 

Sau
Kuen (Maggie) Yu. Ms. Yu has served as our Senior Vice President and has been a member of our Board of Directors since June 2013.
Since graduating from University of California, San Diego until June 2013, Ms. Yu has no employment history. Ms. Yu graduated with a
Bachelor Degree in Computer Science from University of California, San Diego in 2004. Ms. Yu does not hold, and has not previously held,
any directorships in any reporting companies. 

Douglas
Branch. Mr. Branch has been an independent member of our Board of Directors since June 1, 2021. Since 1991, Mr. Branch has served
in a number of executive positions (the latest position as Executive Vice President, US Sales) at Gund, a division of Spin Master Inc.
From 2016 through 2018, he served as the Executive Vice President, US Sales at Enesco. Mr. Branch graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree
in marketing from University of Massachusetts. Mr. Branch does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting
companies. 

Michael
Lenner. Mr. Lenner has been an independent member of our Board of Directors since June 1, 2021. Since May 2018, Mr. Lenner has
served as Vice President, Software Engineering, Disney Streaming Services at The Walt Disney Company. From August 2017 through May 2018,
he served as Vice President, Software Engineering at BAMTECH Media. From July 2014 through August 2017, Mr. Lenner served as Vice President,
Software Engineering and Senior Director, Software Engineering at Major League Baseball Advanced Media. From February 2011 through June
2014, he served as the Vice President, Engineering at H. Bloom. Mr. Lenner graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Physics from Binghamton
University and a Masters of Science Degree in Computer Science from Columbia University. Mr. Lenner does not hold, and has not previously
held, any directorships in any reporting companies. 

48 

Minghui
(Alan) Gao. Mr. Gao has been an independent member of our Board of Directors since October 6, 2021. Since October 2021, Mr. Gao
has served as the Chief Technology Officer of Cue Health, Inc. From January 2018 to October 2021, he served as the Chief Technology Officer
of PillPack (which was acquired by Amazon Pharmacy). From October 2016 to January 2018, Mr. Gao served as the Director of Prime Video
at Amazon.com. From September 2013 to October 2016, he served as Engineering Director of Seller Services at Amazon.com. From September
2011 to September 2013, Mr. Gao served as the Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Product and Engineering at Xiu.com,
an e-commerce company in China. From November 2008 through June 2011, he served as Engineering Director at Amazon.cn in China. From October
2007 to November 2008, Mr. Gao served as Senior Manager, Software Development at Amazon.com. From November 2006 to October 2007, he served
as a Software Development Manager at Amazon.com. From April 2001 to November 2006, Mr. Gao served as Software Design Engineer and Development
Lead. Mr. Gao graduated with a Masters Degree in Computer Science from Baylor university in 1999. Mr. Gao does not hold, and has not
previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies. 

Hilary Hui-Chong) Bui. Ms. Bui has been an independent member of our Board of Directors
since February 20, 2023. Since November 2022, Ms. Bui has served as the Senior Finance Manager North America and US Retail FP A
of Starbucks Corporation. She joined Starbucks Corporation in 2015 and has served various positions including Finance Manager and Business
Analysis Manager of different divisions before being promoted to the current position. From 2011 to 2015, Ms. Bui served as Senior Finance
Analyst and Finance Analyst in different divisions of General Mills, Inc. From 2007 to 2011, Ms. Bui served as Senior Assurance Associate
of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP. Ms. Bui graduated with a bachelor s degree of Accounting from the University of Minnesota in 2007.
Ms. Bui does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies. 

Family
Relationships 

Sam
Lai, our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President
and member of our Board of Directors, are married. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No
executive officer, member of the board of directors or control person of our Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Board
Committees and Director Independence 

As
a Nasdaq-listed company, we are required to comply with Nasdaq s continued listing standards. 

Controlled
Company and Director Independence 

The
 controlled company exception to the Nasdaq rules provides that a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is
held by an individual, group or another company, a controlled company, need not comply with certain requirements of the
Nasdaq corporate governance rules. As stated above, Sam Lai, the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, and Maggie Yu, Senior Vice President of the Company and a member of the Board, who are husband and wife, together
beneficially own 33,311,576 shares of the Company s common stock, representing approximately 95 of the voting power of the
Company s outstanding common stock. As a result, the Company is a controlled company under the Nasdaq corporate governance
standards. As a controlled company, we do not have to comply with certain corporate governance requirements under the Nasdaq rules, including
the following: 

A
 majority of the Company s Board of Directors to consist of independent directors as defined by the applicable
 Nasdaq rules and regulations; 

The
 compensation of the Company s executive officers to be determined, or recommended to the Board of Directors for determination,
 by independent directors constituting a majority of the independent directors of the Board in a vote in which only independent directors
 participate or by a Compensation Committee comprised solely of independent directors; and 

49 

That
 director nominees to be selected, or recommended to the Board of Directors for selection, by independent directors constituting a
 majority of the independent directors of the Board in a vote in which only independent directors participate or by a nomination committee
 comprised solely of independent directors. 

The
Company intends to avail itself of each of these exemptions. More specifically, a majority of the Company s board of directors
will not consist of independent directors and the Company will not have a compensation committee or a nominating and corporate governance
committee. Therefore, for as long as the Company remains a controlled company, the Company will not have the same protections
afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of these corporate governance requirements. If at any time the Company
ceases to be a controlled company under the Nasdaq rules, the Company s Board of Directors will take all action necessary
to comply with the Nasdaq corporate governance rules, including establishing certain committees composed entirely of independent directors,
subject to a permitted phase-in period. 

Notwithstanding
the Company s status as a controlled company, the Company will remain subject to the Nasdaq corporate governance standard that
requires the Company to have an audit committee with at least three independent directors as well as composed entirely of independent
directors. As a result, the Company was required, at the time of listing on Nasdaq, to have at least one independent director on our
audit committee, at least two independent directors within 90 days of listing on Nasdaq, and at least three independent directors within
one year of listing on Nasdaq, where at least one of the independent directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under
SEC rules and as a financially sophisticated audit committee member under the Nasdaq rules. 

The
Company s Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that two of its six directors (Sam Lai and Maggie Yu) are non-independent
directors of the Company and four of its six directors (Douglas Branch, Michael Lenner, Minghui (Alan) Gao, and Hilary Hui-Chong)
 Bui) are independent directors of the Company. The Company s audit committee consists of the four independent directors:
Messrs. Branch, Lenner, Gao, and Ms. Bui Ms. Bui is the chair of the audit committee and qualifies as an audit committee financial expert
under SEC rules and as a financially sophisticated audit committee member under the Nasdaq rules. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

We
have not separated the positions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Lai has served as our Chairman of the Board
of Directors since April 2021 and Chief Executive Officer since June 2013. We believe that combining the positions of Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer allows for focused leadership of our organization which benefits us in our relationships with investors, customers,
suppliers, employees and other constituencies. We believe that consolidating the leadership of the Company under Mr. Lai is the appropriate
leadership structure for our Company and that any risks inherent in that structure are balanced by the oversight of our other independent
directors on our Board. However, no single leadership model is right for all companies and at all times. The Board recognizes that depending
on the circumstances, other leadership models, such as the appointment of a lead independent director, might be appropriate. Accordingly,
the Board may periodically review its leadership structure. In addition, the Board holds executive sessions in which only independent
directors are present. 

Our
Board is generally responsible for the oversight of corporate risk in its review and deliberations relating to our activities. Our principal
source of risk falls into two categories, financial and product commercialization. The audit committee oversees management of financial
risks; our Board regularly reviews information regarding our cash position, liquidity and operations, as well as the risks associated
with each. The Board regularly reviews plans, results and potential risks related to our business. The Board is also expected to oversee
risk management as it relates to our compensation plans, policies and practices for all employees including executives and directors,
particularly whether our compensation programs may create incentives for our employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks which
could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

50 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee which consists of four independent directors: Messrs. Branch, Lenner, Gao, and Ms. Bui. Ms. Bui is
the chair of the audit committee. and qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. Our audit committee
adopted a written charter, a copy of which is posted on the Corporate Governance section of our website, at www.hourloop.com. 

Our
audit committee is authorized to: 

approve
 and retain the independent auditors to conduct the annual audit of our financial statements; 

review
 the proposed scope and results of the audit; 

review
 and pre-approve audit and non-audit fees and services; 

review
 accounting and financial controls with the independent auditors and our financial and accounting staff; 

review
 and approve transactions between us and our directors, officers and affiliates; 

recognize
 and prevent prohibited non-audit services; 

establish
 procedures for complaints received by us regarding accounting matters; and 

oversee
 internal audit functions, if any. 

Compensation
Committee 

Because
we are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, we are not required to have,
and do not currently have, a compensation committee. 

If
and when we are no longer a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, we will
be required to establish a compensation committee. We anticipate that such a compensation committee would consist of three directors
who will be independent under the rules of the SEC, subject to the permitted phase-in period pursuant to
Nasdaq rules. 

This
compensation committee would: 

review
 and determine the compensation arrangements for management; 

establish
 and review general compensation policies with the objective to attract and retain superior talent, to reward individual performance
 and to achieve our financial goals; 

administer
 our incentive compensation and benefit plans and purchase plans; 

oversee
 the evaluation of the Board of Directors and management; and 

review
 the independence of any compensation advisers. 

Upon
formation of a compensation committee, we would expect to adopt a compensation committee charter defining the committee s primary
duties in a manner consistent with the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq standards. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Because
are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, we are not required to have,
and do not currently have, a nominating and corporate governance committee. 

If
and when we are no longer a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq, we will
be required to establish a nominating and corporate governance committee. We anticipate that such a nominating and corporate governance
committee would consist of three directors who will be independent under the rules of the SEC, subject to the permitted
 phase-in period pursuant to Nasdaq rules. 

The
functions of the nominating and corporate governance committee, among other things, would include: 

identifying
 individuals qualified to become board members and recommending director; 

nominees
 and board members for committee membership; 

developing
 and recommending to our board corporate governance guidelines; 

review
 and determine the compensation arrangements for directors; and 

overseeing
 the evaluation of our board of directors and its committees and management. 

51 

Upon
formation of a nominating and corporate governance committee, we would expect to adopt a nominating and corporate governance committee
charter defining the committee s primary duties in a manner consistent with the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq standards. 

Director
Nominations 

Our
full Board of Directors recommends candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the stockholders. We have not formally
established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general,
in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Board of Directors considers educational background, diversity of professional
experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best
interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

Because
we are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards, we are not required to have, and
do not currently have, a compensation committee. None of our executive officers serves on the board of directors or compensation committee
of a company that has an executive officer that serves on our board or compensation committee. No member of our board is an executive
officer of a company in which one of our executive officers serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of
that company. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to all of its directors, officers (including our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and any person performing similar functions) and employees.
The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available on our website at www.hourloop.com. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware
law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will
not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption
from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). 

Our
certificate of incorporation also permits us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising
out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors 
and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of
a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions and the insurance are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

52 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

2022
Summary Compensation Table 

The
following summary compensation table provides information regarding the compensation earned during our fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 to certain of our executive officers, who we collectively refer to as our named executive officers , or NEOs . 

Name
 and Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 
 Option 
 Awards ) 
 Non- 
 Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non- 
 qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All 
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Sam
 Lai 
 2022 
 500,000 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14,678 (2) 
 614,678 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer (1) 
 2021 
 350,000 
 300,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,237 (4) 
 653,237 

Maggie
 Yu 
 2022 
 450,000 
 550,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 15,292 (3) 
 1,015,292 
 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 2021 
 318,461 
 500,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,237 (4) 
 821,698 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Lai has served as our Chief Executive Officer since June 2013 and as our Interim Chief Financial Officer since March 29, 2022. 

(2) 
 Includes
 healthcare benefits and 401(k) of 6,553.36 and 8,124.99, respectively, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

(3) 
 Includes
 healthcare benefits and 401(k) of 7,979.91 and 7,312.50, respectively, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

(4) 
 Includes
 a healthcare benefits of 3,237 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Employment
Agreements 

On
May 27, 2021, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with each of Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu. Mr. Lai s agreement provides
that he will serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Ms. Yu s agreement provides that she will serve as the Senior
Vice President of the Company. 

Each
of the employment agreements has a three-year term, which automatically extends for additional terms of one year each unless either the
Company or the applicable executive provides notice to the other party of their desire to not so renew term. Each of the employment agreements
are at will, meaning that either the executive or the Company may terminate the executive s employment at any time
and for any reason, subject to certain payments and other actions as set forth below. 

Mr.
Lai s agreement provided for an annual base salary of 500,000, and Ms. Yu s agreement provided for an annual base salary
of 450,000. Each of the base salaries may be subject to annual adjustments as determined in the discretion of the Board. Pursuant to
their agreements, on December 31, 2021, each of Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu were also entitled to receive a guaranteed bonus of 50,000, subject
to the applicable agreement being in effect at that time. Additionally, pursuant to their agreements, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu were entitled
to each receive a guaranteed bonus of 100,000 on December 31, 2022, subject to the applicable agreement being in effect at that time. 

Mr.
Lai s agreement provides that, for the Company s 2021 fiscal year, (1) if the net profits of the Company for the 2021 fiscal
year equals at least 175 of the net profits of the Company for the 2020 fiscal year, excluding any costs of the Company related to the
IPO, in each case as determined by the Board, Mr. Lai is entitled to receive a bonus of 50 of the base salary as in effect as of the
last business day of the 2021 fiscal year; and (2) if the net profits of the Company for the 2021 fiscal year equals at least 200 of
the net profits of the Company for the 2020 fiscal year, excluding any costs of the Company related to the IPO, in each case as determined
by the Board, Mr. Lai is entitled to receive an additional bonus of 50 of the Base Salary as in effect as of the last business day of
the 2021 fiscal year. 

53 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company entered into Addendum No. 1 to Mr. Lai s agreement, pursuant to which Mr. Lai s 2022 bonus
targets and payments were set as follows: 

If
 the Company grows its net profits (excluding taxes) to at least 7,000,000 during the 2022 fiscal year, Mr. Lai will receive a bonus
 equal to 50 of base salary. 

If
 the Company grows its net profits (excluding taxes) to at least 8,500,000 during the 2022 fiscal year, Mr. Lai will receive a bonus
 equal to 100 of base salary. 

Mr.
Lai did not meet the above conditions for the 2022 fiscal year. 

Ms.
Yu s agreement provides that, for the Company s 2021 fiscal year, (1) if Ms. Yu successfully launches the Company s
Vendor Acquisition Team, as determined by the Board, Ms. Yu will be entitled to receive a bonus of 50 of the base salary as in effect
as of the last business day of the 2021 fiscal year; and (2) if Ms. Yu acquires 50 or more new vendors for the Company, as determined
by the Board, Ms. Yu will be entitled to receive a bonus of 50 of the base salary as in effect as of the last business day of the 2021
fiscal year. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company entered into Addendum No. 1 to Ms. Yu s agreement, pursuant to which Ms. Yu s 2022 bonus targets
and payments were set as follows: 

If
 the Company acquires at least 75 but fewer than 100 new vendors during the 2022 fiscal year, Ms. Yu will receive a bonus equal to
 50 of base salary. 

If
 the Company acquires 100 or more new vendors during the 2022 fiscal year, Ms. Yu will receive a bonus equal to 100 of base salary. 

The
Board determined the satisfaction of the above conditions for the 2022 fiscal year as the Company acquired more than 600 new vendors
during 2022. Ms. Yu received a bonus amount of 100 of her base salary. 

Each
of Mr. Lai s and Ms. Yu s agreements provides that if at the Company s request the executive attends any trade shows,
events, or meetings which are independent of the executive s responsibility under the applicable agreement, the Company will pay
the executive 1,000 in cash per full day for such attendance or 500 in cash for a half day. 

Each
of Mr. Lai s and Ms. Yu s agreements provides that at the end of each calendar quarter during the term, the Company will
issue to the applicable executive a number of shares of common stock having a fair market value of 3,000 as of such date (with any partial
quarter being pro-rated). The market value of the shares is determined as follows: (a) if the common stock is then listed for trading
on the OTC Markets or a United States national securities exchange (as applicable, the Trading Market ), the daily volume
weighted average closing price of the common stock during the 20 trading day period immediately prior to the calculation date, (b) if
the common stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on a Trading Market, and if prices for the common stock are then reported in
the Pink Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc., the most recent bid price per share of the common stock so reported,
or (c) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of common stock as is determined in good faith by the Board, without the
involvement of the executive if the executive is then serving on the Board, after taking into consideration factors it deems appropriate.
A Trading Day is any day on which the Trading Market is generally open for business and on which the common stock is then
traded. 

Notwithstanding
the forgoing, the shares issuable to Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu with respect to the period from the execution of their agreements to December
31, 2021 will be determined, and will be issued, on January 3, 2022, based on the market value as determined on December 31, 2021. IPO
price at 4 per share was used as the market value. 

54 

Each
of the employment agreements provides that, on the last business day prior to the commencement of the Company s first firm-commitment
underwritten initial public offering of common stock pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act (the IPO ),
which condition will be satisfied by this offering, and subject to the applicable agreement not having expired or having been terminated
as of such time, the Company will issue to the applicable executive an option to acquire shares of common stock. This will be an option
to acquire 25,000 shares of common stock. These options will vest in four equal annual installments, subject to earlier acceleration
and forfeiture as set forth below and in the applicable employment agreement and in the option agreement, if and when signed. The exercise
price per share will be equal to the offering price per share of common stock in the IPO. On January 6, 2022, the Board granted
Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu an option to purchase 25,000 shares of the Company s common stock, respectively. The option vests in four equal
annual installments, with the first installment vesting on the first anniversary of the grant. 

Mr.
Lai s and Ms. Yu s agreements each provides that they will be entitled to fringe benefits consistent with the practices of
the Company, and to the extent the Company provides similar benefits to the Company s executive officers; that the Company will
reimburse each of them for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment and travel expenses incurred in connection
with the performance of their duties; that they are entitled to a number of vacation days as generally provided to other executive officers
of the Company from time to time; and that they are each, together with their spouses and legal dependents, entitled to participate equally
in the health, dental and other benefit plans, which are available to senior managers of the Company. 

Mr.
Lai s and Ms. Yu s agreements provide for different results and payments on termination, based on whether the applicable
agreement was terminated by the Company with or without Cause , or by the applicable executive with or without Good
Reason . 

For
purposes of their agreements, Cause means any of the following: 

a
 violation of any material written rule or policy of the Company for which violation any employee may be terminated pursuant to the
 written policies of the Company reasonably applicable to an executive employee; 

misconduct
 by the executive to the material detriment of the Company; 

the
 executive s conviction (by a court of competent jurisdiction, not subject to further appeal) of, or pleading guilty to, a felony; 

the
 executive s gross negligence in the performance of their duties and responsibilities to the Company as described in the applicable
 agreement; or 

the
 executive s material failure to perform their duties and responsibilities to the Company as described in the agreement (other
 than any such failure resulting from the their incapacity due to physical or mental illness or any such failure subsequent to the
 executive being delivered a notice of termination without Cause by the Company or delivering a notice of termination for Good Reason
 to the Company), in either case after written notice from the Board (in the case of Mr. Lai) or from the Chief Executive Officer
 (in the case of Ms. Yu), which specifies the nature of such material failure and the executive s failure to cure such material
 failure within 10 days following receipt of such notice. 

For
purposes of their agreements, Good Reason means any of the following: 

a
 material diminution by the Company of compensation and benefits (taken as a whole) provided to the executive; 

a
 reduction in base salary or target or maximum bonus, other than as part of an across-the-board reduction in salaries of management
 personnel; 

the
 relocation of the executive s principal executive office to a location more than 50 miles further from the executive s
 principal executive office immediately prior to such relocation; or 

a
 material breach by the Company of any of the terms and conditions of the applicable employment agreement which the Company fails
 to correct within 10 days after the Company receives written notice from the executive of such violation. 

In
the event that the Company terminates the applicable agreement for Cause , or the applicable executive terminates their
agreement without Good Reason , then the Company will pay to the applicable executive any unpaid base salary and benefits
then owed or accrued, and any unreimbursed expenses, will issue to the applicable executive the shares as described above (i.e., the
 3,000 of value of shares per calendar quarter) which have accrued as of such date; and any unvested portion of any equity granted to
the applicable executive will be forfeited. 

55 

In
the event that the Company terminates the applicable agreement without Cause , or the applicable executive terminates their
agreement for Good Reason , in addition to the payments and issuances above, the Company will pay to the applicable executive,
in one lump sum, an amount equal to the base salary that they would have been paid for the remainder of the initial 3-year term (if such
termination occurs during that initial term) or the one year renewal term (if such termination occurs during a renewal term), as applicable,
and any equity grant already made to the executive shall, to the extent not already vested, be deemed automatically vested. 

Pursuant
to their agreements, in the event of Mr. Lai s or Ms. Yu s death or total disability, the applicable agreement will terminate
on the date of death or total disability and the Company will shall pay to the applicable executive (or their estate) any unpaid base
salary and benefits then owed or accrued and any unreimbursed expenses for which the Company has agreed to reimburse the applicable executive,
plus a pro-rata bonus for the year of termination based on the executive s target bonus for such year and the portion of such year
in which the executive was employed through the date of such termination; and any unvested portion of any equity granted to the applicable
executive will be forfeited as of the termination date. 

If
it is determined that any payment or benefit provided to either Mr. Lai or Ms. Yu under their respective agreements would constitute
an excess parachute payment within the meaning of section 280G of the Code, such that the payment would be subject to an
excise tax under section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), the Company will pay to the applicable executive an additional
amount (the Gross-Up Payment such that the net amount of the Gross-Up Payment retained by the applicable executive after
the payment of any Excise Tax and any federal, state and local income and employment tax on the Gross-Up Payment, will be equal to the
Excise Tax due on the payment and any interest and penalties in respect of such Excise Tax. For purposes of determining the amount of
the Gross-Up Payment, the applicable executive will be deemed to pay federal income tax and employment taxes at the highest marginal
rate of federal income and employment taxation in the calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to be made and state and local income
taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and locality of the applicable executive s residence (or, if greater,
the state and locality in which the applicable executive is required to file a nonresident income tax return with respect to the payment)
in the calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to be made, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes that may be obtained
from the deduction of such state and local taxes. 

As
a result of the uncertainty in the application of sections 4999 and 280G of the Code, it is possible that the Gross-Up Payments either
will have been made which should not have been made, or will not have been made which should have been made, by the Company (an Excess
Gross-Up Payment or a Gross-Up Underpayment, respectively). If it is established pursuant to (A) a final determination
of a court for which all appeals have been taken and finally resolved or the time for all appeals has expired, or (B) an Internal Revenue
Service (the IRS proceeding which has been finally and conclusively resolved, that an Excess Gross-Up Payment has been
made, such Excess Gross-Up Payment shall be deemed for all purposes to be a loan to the executive made on the date the executive received
the Excess Gross-Up Payment and the executive shall repay the Excess Gross-Up Payment to the Company either (i) on demand, if the executive
is in possession of the Excess Gross-Up Payment or (ii) upon the refund of such Excess Gross-Up Payment to the executive from the IRS,
if the IRS is in possession of such Excess Gross-Up Payment, together with interest on the Excess Gross-Up Payment at (X) 120 of the
applicable federal rate (as defined in Section 1274(d) of the Code) compounded semi-annually for any period during which the executive
held such Excess Gross-Up Payment and (Y) the interest rate paid to the executive by the IRS in respect of any period during which the
IRS held such Excess Gross-Up Payment. If a Gross-Up Underpayment occurs as determined under one or more of the following circumstances:
(I) such determination is made by the Company (which shall include the position taken by the Company, together with its consolidated
group, on its federal income tax return) or is made by the IRS, (II) such determination is made by a court, or (III) such determination
is made upon the resolution to the executive s satisfaction of the Dispute, then the Company shall pay an amount equal to the Gross-Up
Underpayment to the executive within ten calendar days of such determination or resolution, together with interest on such amount at
120 of the applicable federal rate compounded semi-annually from the date such amount should have been paid to the executive pursuant
to the terms of his or her employment agreement or otherwise, but for the operation of Section 4(c) of the employment agreements, until
the date of payment. 

56 

Each
of the two employment agreements also contains a non-solicitation provision, wherein the executive agrees that, during the term of their
agreement and for three years thereafter, the executive will not, directly or indirectly solicit or discuss with any employee of Company
the employment of such Company employee by any other commercial enterprise other than Company, nor recruit, attempt to recruit, hire
or attempt to hire any such Company employee on behalf of any commercial enterprise other than Company, provided that this provision
will not prohibit the applicable executive from undertaking a general recruitment advertisement provided that it is not targeted towards
any person identified above, or from hiring, employing or engaging any such person who responds to that general recruitment advertisement. 

Each
of the two employment agreements also provides that, during the term, the applicable executive will be entitled to indemnification and
insurance coverage for officers liability, fiduciary liability and other liabilities arising out of the executive s position
with the Company in any capacity, in an amount not less than the highest amount available to any other executive, and that such coverage
and protections, with respect to the various liabilities as to which the executive has been customarily indemnified prior to termination
of employment, will continue for at least six years following the end of the applicable term. 

Each
of the two employment agreements contains customary representations and warranties by the parties, a provision for resolution of disputes
by arbitration, customary confidentiality provisions, customary provisions relating to the Company s ownership of intellectual
property created by the applicable executive, and other customary miscellaneous provisions. 

Director
Agreements 

On
June 1, 2021, the Company entered into Director Agreements with each of Messrs. Lenner and Branch in connection with their services as
directors of the Company. On October 6, 2021, the Company entered into a Director Agreement with Mr. Gao in connection with his services
as a director of the Company. 

Pursuant
to their respective agreements, each of Messrs. Lenner, Branch and Gao agreed to serve as a director of the Company and to be available
to perform the duties consistent with such position pursuant to the Certificate and Bylaws of the Company, and any additional codes,
guidelines or policies of the Company that may be effective now or in the future. Each of the agreements continues in effect until the
earliest of (a) such time as the applicable director resigns or is removed from office and (b) the death of the director. 

Each
agreement provides that, during the term of the applicable agreement, in exchange for their services, the Company shall issue to the
applicable director a number of shares of common stock having a fair market value of 3,000 as of such date (with any partial quarter
being pro-rated). The market value of the shares is determined in the same manner as for the executive s employment agreements
as discussed above. 

Each
of the directors agreements provides that if at the Company s request the director attends any trade shows, events, or meetings
which are independent of the director s responsibility under the applicable agreement, the Company will pay the director 1,000
in cash per full day for such attendance or 500 in cash for a half day. 

The
director agreements provide that, during the applicable term, the Company will reimburse the applicable director for all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by them in attending any in-person meetings, provided that the director complies with the generally applicable policies,
practices and procedures of the Company for submission of expense reports, receipts or similar documentation of such expenses. Any reimbursements
for allocated expenses (as compared to out-of-pocket expenses of the director in excess of 500) must be approved in advance by the Company. 

Each
of the director agreements contains customary confidentiality provisions, customary provisions relating to the Company s ownership
of intellectual property created by the applicable director, customary representations and warranties by the parties and other customary
miscellaneous provisions. 

57 

Elements
of Compensation 

Mr.
Lai and Ms. Yu were provided with the following primary elements of compensation in 2021 and 2020: 

Base
Salary. Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu received a fixed base salary in an amount determined by the Board of Directors based on a number of
factors, including: 

The
 nature, responsibilities and duties of the officer s position; 

The
 officer s expertise, demonstrated leadership ability and prior performance; 

The
 officer s salary history and total compensation, including annual cash bonuses and long-term incentive compensation; and 

The
 competitiveness of the market for the officer s services. 

The
base salary for each of Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu for 2022 and 2021 is listed in 2022 Summary Compensation Table. 

Bonuses.
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu a bonus of 100,000 and 550,000, respectively. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu a bonus of 300,000 and 500,000, respectively. 

The
bonuses for 2022 and 2021 were determined based on peer comparable compensation paid in the Seattle, Washington area reported by www.salary.com
(https://www.salary.com/tools/salary-calculator/ceo/seattle-wa?view=table type=bonus). According to www.salary.com, the CEO salary
and bonus range in Seattle was 640,840 to 2,990,094 as updated December 27, 2022. The 600,000 and 650,000 compensation (base salary
and bonus) paid to Mr. Lai for 2022 and 2021, respectively, fell within such range and we believed such compensation to be
reasonable due to the significant growth in the Company in 2022 and 2021, respectively, due in large part to Mr. Lai s leadership. 

According
to www.salary.com, the head of general operations salary and bonus range in Seattle was 250,534 and 736,361 as updated December 27,
2022. The 1,000,000 and 818,461 compensation (base salary and bonus) paid to Ms. Yu for 2022 and 2021, respectively, fell slightly
above such range and we believed to be reasonable due to Ms. Yu being instrumental in delivering high growth of new vendors
to the Company in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Stock
Awards. We did not grant any stock awards to our directors or executive officers in fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

Stock
Option Grants. On January 6, 2022, the Board granted Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu an option to purchase 25,000 shares of the Company s
common stock, respectively. The option vests in four equal annual installments, with the first installment vesting on the first anniversary
of the grant. We did not grant any stock options to our directors or executive officers in fiscal year 2021. 

Other
Benefits. In fiscal years 2022 and 2021, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu were reimbursed for healthcare expenses. The amounts paid to Mr.
Lai and Ms. Yu in 2022 and 2021 in respect of these benefits is reflected above in the All Other Compensation column of
the Summary Compensation Table. 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

2021
Equity Incentive Plan 

Overview 

The
Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s voting capital approved and adopted the 2021 Plan on June
27, 2021. The 2021 Plan shall be administered by the Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board or another committee Administrator ).
The Administrator, in its discretion, selects the individuals to whom awards may be granted, the time or times at which such awards are
granted, and the terms of such awards. The 2021 Plan authorizes the Company to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
shares, restricted share unit, cash awards, other awards, and performance-based awards. Awards may be granted to the Company s
officers, employees, directors and consultants. 

58 

The
purpose of the 2021 Plan is to promote the success of the Company and to increase stockholder value by providing an additional means
through the grant of awards to attract, motivate, retain and reward selected employees and other eligible persons. The Board may, at
any time, terminate or, from time to time, amend, modify or suspend the 2021 Plan, in whole or in part. To the extent then required by
applicable law or any applicable stock exchange or required under the Code to preserve the intended tax consequences of the 2021 Plan,
or deemed necessary or advisable by the Board, the 2021 Plan and any amendment to the 2021 Plan shall be subject to stockholder approval.
Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the 2021 Plan will terminate 10 years from the date of adoption. 

Authorized
Shares 

A total
of 4,995,000 shares of the Company s common stock were originally authorized for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan. Pursuant to
the terms of the 2021 Plan and subject to adjustment as provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be
issued under the 2021 Plan were cumulatively increased on January 1, 2022 and will be cumulatively increased on each subsequent January
1, by a number of shares equal to the smaller of (i) 3 of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately
preceding December 31, or (ii) an amount determined by the Board. Accordingly, as of March 31, 2023, there were 5,994,000 shares of common
stock authorized for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan, and 5,994,000 shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

Additionally,
if any award issued pursuant to the 2021 Plan expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, is surrendered
pursuant to an exchange program, as provided in the 2021 Plan, or, with respect to restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ),
performance units or performance shares, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to the failure to vest, the unpurchased shares
(or for awards other than stock options or stock appreciation rights the forfeited or repurchased shares) which were subject thereto
will become available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan (unless the 2021 Plan has terminated). With respect to stock appreciation
rights, only shares actually issued pursuant to a stock appreciation right will cease to be available under the 2021 Plan; all remaining
shares under stock appreciation rights will remain available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan (unless the 2021 Plan has terminated).
Shares that have actually been issued under the 2021 Plan under any award will not be returned to the 2021 Plan and will not become available
for future distribution under the 2021 Plan; provided, however, that if shares issued pursuant to awards of restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance shares or performance units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to the failure
to vest, such shares will become available for future grant under the 2021 Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an award or
to satisfy the tax withholdings related to an award will become available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan. To the extent
an award under the 2021 Plan is paid out in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of shares
available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing and, subject to adjustment as provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon the exercise
of incentive stock options will equal the aggregate share number stated above, plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the
Code and regulations promulgated thereunder, any shares that become available for issuance under the 2021 Plan in accordance with the
foregoing. 

Plan
Administration 

The
Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board will administer the 2021 Plan. In addition, if the Company determines it is desirable
to qualify transactions under the 2021 Plan as exempt under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act such transactions will be structured with
the intent that they satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the administrator
has the power to administer the 2021 Plan and make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the 2021 Plan,
including the power to determine the fair market value of the Company s common stock, select the service providers to whom awards
may be granted, determine the number of shares covered by each award, approve forms of award agreements for use under the 2021 Plan,
determine the terms and conditions of awards (including the exercise price, the time or times at which the awards may be exercised, any
vesting acceleration or waiver or forfeiture restrictions and any restriction or limitation regarding any award or the shares relating
thereto), construe and interpret the terms of the 2021 Plan and awards granted under it, prescribe, amend and rescind rules relating
to the 2021 Plan, including creating sub-plans and modify or amend each award, including the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination
exercisability period of awards (provided that no option or stock appreciation right will be extended past its original maximum term),
and to allow a participant to defer the receipt of payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would otherwise be due to such participant
under an award. The administrator also has the authority to allow participants the opportunity to transfer outstanding awards to a financial
institution or other person or entity selected by the administrator and to institute an exchange program by which outstanding awards
may be surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type which may have a higher or lower exercise price or different
terms, awards of a different type or cash, or by which the exercise price of an outstanding award is increased or reduced. The administrator s
decisions, interpretations and other actions are final and binding on all participants. 

59 

Eligibility 

Awards
under the 2021 Plan, other than incentive stock options, may be granted to employees (including officers) of the Company or a subsidiary,
members of the Company s Board, or consultants engaged to render bona fide services to the Company or a subsidiary. Incentive stock
options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a subsidiary. 

Stock
Options 

Stock
options may be granted under the 2021 Plan. The exercise price of options granted under the 2021 Plan generally must at least be equal
to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The term of each option will be as stated in the applicable
award agreement; provided, however, that the term may be no more than 10 years from the date of grant. The administrator will determine
the methods of payment of the exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares or other property acceptable to the administrator,
as well as other types of consideration permitted by applicable law. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant,
they may exercise their option for the period of time stated in their option agreement. In the absence of a specified time in an award
agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all other cases, in the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the option will remain exercisable for three months following the termination of service.
An option may not be exercised later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the administrator determines
the other terms of options. 

Stock
Appreciation Rights 

Stock
appreciation rights may be granted under the 2021 Plan. Stock appreciation rights allow the recipient to receive the appreciation in
the fair market value of the Company s common stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. Stock appreciation rights
may not have a term exceeding 10 years. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant, they may exercise their
stock appreciation right for the period of time stated in their stock appreciation right agreement. In the absence of a specified time
in an award agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for 12 months.
In all other cases, in the absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for
three months following the termination of service. However, in no event may a stock appreciation right be exercised later than the expiration
of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the administrator determines the other terms of stock appreciation rights, including
when such rights become exercisable and whether to pay any increased appreciation in cash or with shares of the Company s common
stock, or a combination thereof, except that the per share exercise price for the shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of a stock
appreciation right will be no less than 100 of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. 

Restricted
Stock 

Restricted
stock may be granted under the 2021 Plan. Restricted stock awards are grants of shares of the Company s common stock that vest
in accordance with terms and conditions established by the administrator. The administrator will determine the number of shares of restricted
stock granted to any employee, director or consultant and, subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, will determine the terms and conditions
of such awards. The administrator may impose whatever conditions to vesting it determines to be appropriate (for example, the administrator
may set restrictions based on the achievement of specific performance goals or continued service to the Company); provided, however,
that the administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. Recipients
of restricted stock awards generally will have voting and dividend rights with respect to such shares upon grant without regard to vesting,
unless the administrator provides otherwise. Shares of restricted stock that do not vest are subject to the Company s right of
repurchase or forfeiture. 

60 

Restricted
Stock Units 

RSUs
may be granted under the 2021 Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping entries representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of
the Company s common stock. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the administrator determines the terms and conditions of
RSUs, including the vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement
of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals (including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state
securities laws or any other basis determined by the administrator in its discretion. The administrator, in its sole discretion, may
pay earned RSUs in the form of cash, in shares of the Company s common stock or in some combination thereof. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any vesting requirements will be deemed satisfied. 

Performance
Units and Performance Shares 

Performance
units and performance shares may be granted under the 2021 Plan. Performance units and performance shares are awards that will result
in a payment to a participant only if performance goals established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest. The
administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which
they are met, will determine the number or the value of performance units and performance shares to be paid out to participants. The
administrator may set performance objectives based on the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals
(including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the administrator
in its discretion. After the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce
or waive any performance criteria or other vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares. Performance units shall
have an initial dollar value established by the administrator on or prior to the grant date. Performance shares shall have an initial
value equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The administrator, in its sole discretion,
may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the form of cash, in shares or in some combination thereof. 

Non-Employee
Directors 

The
2021 Plan provides that all non-employee directors will be eligible to receive all types of awards (except for incentive stock options)
under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan includes a maximum limit of 750,000 of equity awards that may be granted to a non-employee director
in any fiscal year, increased to 1,500,000 in connection with his or her initial service. For purposes of this limitation, the value
of equity awards is based on the grant date fair value (determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States). Any equity awards granted to a person for their services as an employee, or for their services as a consultant (other
than as a non-employee director), will not count for purposes of the limitation. The maximum limit does not reflect the intended size
of any potential compensation or equity awards to the Company s non-employee directors. 

Non-transferability
of Awards 

Unless
the administrator provides otherwise, the 2021 Plan generally does not allow for the transfer of awards and only the recipient of an
award may exercise an award during their lifetime. If the administrator makes an award transferrable, such award will contain such additional
terms and conditions as the administrator deems appropriate. 

Certain
Adjustments 

In
the event of certain changes in the Company s capitalization, to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential
benefits available under the 2021 Plan, the administrator will adjust the number and class of shares that may be delivered under the
2021 Plan or the number, and price of shares covered by each outstanding award and the numerical share limits set forth in the 2021 Plan. 

61 

Dissolution
or Liquidation 

In
the event of the Company s proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator will notify participants as soon as practicable
and all awards will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed transaction. 

Merger
or Change in Control 

The
2021 Plan provides that in the event of the Company s merger with or into another corporation or entity or a change in control 
(as defined in the 2021 Plan), each outstanding award will be treated as the administrator determines, including, without limitation,
that (i) awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or
an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon written notice to a participant,
that the participant s awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or change in control;
(iii) outstanding awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable or payable, or restrictions applicable to an award will lapse,
in whole or in part, prior to or upon consummation of such merger or change in control and, to the extent the administrator determines,
terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or change in control; (iv) (A) the termination of an award in
exchange for an amount of cash or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such award
or realization of the participant s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt,
if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained
upon the exercise of such award or realization of the participant s rights, then such award may be terminated by the Company without
payment) or (B) the replacement of such award with other rights or property selected by the administrator in its sole discretion; or
(v) any combination of the foregoing. The administrator will not be obligated to treat all awards, all awards a participant holds, or
all awards of the same type, similarly. In the event that awards (or portion thereof) are not assumed or substituted for in the event
of a merger or change in control, the participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding options
and stock appreciation rights, including shares as to which such awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions
on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse and, with respect to awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals or other vesting
criteria will be deemed achieved at 100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, in all cases, unless specifically provided
otherwise under the applicable award agreement or other written agreement between the participant and the Company or any of the Company s
subsidiaries or parents, as applicable. If an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or substituted in the event of a merger
or change in control, the administrator will notify the participant in writing or electronically that the option or stock appreciation
right will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the administrator in its sole discretion and the vested option or stock
appreciation right will terminate upon the expiration of such period. 

For
awards granted to an outside director, the outside director will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding
options and stock appreciation rights, all restrictions on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse and, for awards with performance-based
vesting, unless specifically provided for in the award agreement, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved
at 100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met. 

Clawback 

Awards
will be subject to any Company clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national
securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable laws. The administrator also may specify in an award agreement that the
participant s rights, payments or benefits with respect to an award will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment
upon the occurrence of certain specified events. The Board may require a participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company all
or a portion of the award or shares issued under the award, any amounts paid under the award and any payments or proceeds paid or provided
upon disposition of the shares issued under the award in order to comply with such clawback policy or applicable laws. 

62 

Amendment
and Termination 

The
administrator has the authority to amend, suspend or terminate the 2021 Plan provided such action does not impair the existing rights
of any participant. The 2021 Plan automatically will terminate on June 27, 2031, unless it is terminated sooner. 

Executive
Compensation Philosophy 

Our
Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in its sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves
the right to pay our executives or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for
services rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s
performance. This package may also include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance
of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance
base stock options to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in
its sole determination believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive
Bonus 

The
Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officers and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if
the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives
and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and
ability of such executives. 

Long-Term,
Stock Based Compensation 

In
order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy, we may award
our executives and any future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board
of Directors. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 35,047,828 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. Unless otherwise noted below,
the address for each beneficial owner listed on the table is c/o Hour Loop, Inc., 8201 164th Ave NE #200, Redmond, WA 98052-7615. We have
determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. We believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the
persons and entities named in the tables below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they
beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 

63 

The
business address of each of the beneficial owners listed below is c/o Hour Loop, Inc., 8201 164th Ave. NE #200, Redmond, WA 98052-7615. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number
 and Nature
 of Shares
 Beneficially Owned
 (1) 
 Percentage
 of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Sam
 Lai 
 33,309,574 (2) 
 95.0 
 
 Maggie
 Yu 
 33,309,574 (2) 
 95.0 
 
 Douglas
 Branch 
 4,765 

Michael
 Lenner 
 4,765 

Minghui
 (Alan) Gao 
 3,724 

Hillary
 (Hui-Chong) Bui 
 0 

All
 executive officers and directors as a group (6 persons) 
 33,322,828 
 95.1 

less
 than 1 . 

(1) 
 The percentages in the table have been calculated based on 35,047,828 shares of our common stock outstanding on March 31, 2023. To calculate a stockholder s percentage of beneficial ownership, we include in the numerator and denominator the common stock outstanding and all shares of our common stock issuable to that person in the event of the exercise of outstanding options and other derivative securities owned by that person which are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023. Common stock options and derivative securities held by other stockholders are disregarded in this calculation. Therefore, the denominator used in calculating beneficial ownership among our stockholders may differ. Unless we have indicated otherwise, each person named in the table has sole voting power and sole investment power for the shares listed opposite such person s name. 

(2) 
 Sam Lai and Maggie Yu are husband and wife, and together beneficially own 33,309,574 shares of the Company s common stock representing 95.04 of the voting power of the Company s outstanding common stock. Each of Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu individually holds 16,654,787 shares of common stock, and each beneficially holds 33,309,574 shares of the Company s common stock, as each of them is deemed to indirectly beneficially own the other s 16,654,787 shares of common stock. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, regarding our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized
for issuance: 

Plan
 category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities
 reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 5,994,000 
 
 Total 
 - 
 - 
 5,994,000 

On June 27, 2021, our Board of
Directors and stockholders holding a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock approved the 2021 Plan. Under the 2021 Plan,
a total of 4,995,000 shares of common stock were authorized for issuance pursuant to the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights,
restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, performance shares or other cash- or stock-based awards to officers, directors,
employees and eligible consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries. Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Plan and subject to adjustment
as provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2021 Plan will be cumulatively increased
on January 1, 2022 and on each subsequent January 1, by a number of shares equal to the smaller of (i) 3 of the number of shares of
common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (ii) an amount determined by our Board of Directors.
As of March 31, 2023, 5,994,000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan, and 5,994,000 shares are available
for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

64 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

Under
Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K, a related person transaction is any actual or proposed transaction, arrangement or relationship or series
of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, including those involving indebtedness not in the ordinary course of business,
to which we or our subsidiaries were or are a party, or in which we or our subsidiaries were or are a participant, in which the amount
involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed
fiscal years and in which any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5 of any class
of our voting securities (a significant stockholder ), or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons,
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

We
recognize that transactions between us and any of our directors or executives or with a third party in which one of our officers, directors
or significant stockholders has an interest can present potential or actual conflicts of interest and create the appearance that our
decisions are based on considerations other than the best interests of our Company and stockholders. 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is charged with responsibility for reviewing, approving and overseeing any transaction between
the Company and any related person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K), including the propriety and ethical implications of any
such transactions, as reported or disclosed to the Audit Committee by the independent auditors, employees, officers, members of the Board
of Directors or otherwise, and to determine whether the terms of the transaction are not less favorable to us than could be obtained
from an unaffiliated party. 

From
time to time, we engage in transactions with related parties. The following is a summary of the related party transactions during the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and any proposed transactions, requiring disclosure pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation
S-K. 

Conversion
of S Corporation to C Corporation 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company completed a corporate reorganization to convert its status from a S corporation to a C corporation with an
effective date of July 27, 2021. Retained earnings in the amount of 4,170,418 were distributed by the Company to the S corporation stockholders 2,085,209 to each of Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu) on July 27, 2021. 

Affiliated
Loans 

December
2020 Loan 

On
December 31, 2020, Sam Lai, our Chief Executive Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President, made a loan December 2020
Loan to us of 1,041,353 in a single payment 520,676 attributable to each of Mr. Lai and Mrs. Yu). The loan is memorialized
in a Loan Agreement dated December 31, 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, the loan bore no interest and was payable on
demand. 

On
September 16, 2021, Sam Lai, our Chief Executive Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President, and the Company amended and restated
the Loan Agreement to modify the terms of the December 2020 Loan, whereby the interest rate became 2 per annum (applied retroactively)
rather than non-interest bearing and maturity date became December 31, 2021 rather than payable on demand. 

65 

On
December 31, 2021, Sam Lai, our Chief Executive Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President, and the Company amended and restated
the Loan Agreement to modify the term of the December 2020 Loan, whereby the maturity date was extended from December 31, 2021 to January
31, 2022. 

On
February 8, 2022, the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest on the December 2020 Loan was paid in full. 

July
2021 Loan 

On
July 27, 2021, Sam Lai, our Chief Executive Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President, made a loan July 2021 Loan to us of the outstanding retained earnings of approximately 4,170,418 in a single payment 2,085,209 attributable to each of Mr. Lai
and Mrs. Yu). The loan is memorialized in a Loan Agreement dated October 15, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, the loan
bears interest of 2 per annum and the principal of the loan 4,170,418) and accrued interest becomes due and payable on December 31,
2022. On December 28, 2022, the Company, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu agreed to extend the term of the loan, with the new maturity date of December
31, 2024. As amended, the annual interest rate of the loan is 5.5 . 

As of
March 31, 2023, the outstanding principal balance was approximately 4,170,418 and accrued interest was 120,003 on the July 2021 Loan. 

Issuances 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company issued and vested 1,772 shares of Company common stock to each of Sam Lai, our Chief Executive
Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President, with a fair market value of 4.00 per share as compensation for the past services
to the Company pursuant to the terms of their Executive Employment Agreements with the Company. 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company issued and vested 1,750, 1,750, and 709 shares of Company common stock to Michael Lenner, Douglas
Branch, and Alan Gao, respectively, with a fair market value of 4.00 per share as compensation for the past services as directors
to the Company pursuant to the terms of their Director Agreements with the Company. 

On
May 20, 2022, the Company issued and vested 916 shares of Company common stock to each of Sam Lai, Maggie Yu, Michael Lenner,
Douglas Branch, and Alan Gao, with a fair market value of 3.2745 per share as compensation for the past services as executives or
directors to the Company pursuant to the terms of their respective Executive Employment Agreements or Director Agreements with the
Company. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company issued and vested 1,049 shares of Company common stock to each of Sam Lai, Maggie Yu, Michael Lenner,
Douglas Branch, and Alan Gao, with a fair market value of 2.8605 per share as compensation for the past services as executives or
directors to the Company pursuant to the terms of their respective Executive Employment Agreements or Director Agreements with the
Company. 

On
September 30, 2022, the Company issued and vested 1,050 shares of Company common stock to each of Sam Lai, Maggie Yu, Michael
Lenner, Douglas Branch, and Alan Gao, with a fair market value of 2.8565 per share as compensation for the past services as
executives or directors to the Company pursuant to the terms of their respective Executive Employment Agreements or Director
Agreements with the Company. 

Director
Independence 

As
a Nasdaq-listed company, we are required to comply with Nasdaq s continued listing standards. 

66 

Controlled
Company and Director Independence 

The
 controlled company exception to the Nasdaq rules provides that a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is
held by an individual, group or another company, a controlled company, need not comply with certain requirements of the
Nasdaq corporate governance rules. As stated above, Sam Lai, the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, and Maggie Yu, Senior Vice President of the Company and a member of the Board, who are husband and wife, together
beneficially own 33,311,576 shares of the Company s common stock, representing approximately 95 of the voting power of the Company s
outstanding common stock. As a result, the Company is a controlled company under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards.
As a controlled company, we do not have to comply with certain corporate governance requirements under the Nasdaq rules, including the
following: 

A
 majority of the Company s Board of Directors to consist of independent directors as defined by the applicable
 Nasdaq rules and regulations; 

The
 compensation of the Company s executive officers to be determined, or recommended to the Board of Directors for determination,
 by independent directors constituting a majority of the independent directors of the Board in a vote in which only independent directors
 participate or by a Compensation Committee comprised solely of independent directors; and 

That
 director nominees to be selected, or recommended to the Board of Directors for selection, by independent directors constituting a
 majority of the independent directors of the Board in a vote in which only independent directors participate or by a nomination committee
 comprised solely of independent directors. 

The
Company intends to avail itself of each of these exemptions. More specifically, a majority of the Company s board of directors
will not consist of independent directors and the Company will not have a compensation committee or a nominating and corporate governance
committee. Therefore, for as long as the Company remains a controlled company, the Company will not have the same protections
afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of these corporate governance requirements. If at any time the Company
ceases to be a controlled company under the Nasdaq rules, the Company s Board of Directors will take all action necessary
to comply with the Nasdaq corporate governance rules, including establishing certain committees composed entirely of independent directors,
subject to a permitted phase-in period. 

Notwithstanding
the Company s status as a controlled company, the Company will remain subject to the Nasdaq corporate governance standard that
requires the Company to have an audit committee with at least three independent directors as well as composed entirely of independent
directors. As a result, the Company was required, at the time of listing on Nasdaq, to have at least one independent director on our
audit committee, at least two independent directors within 90 days of listing on Nasdaq, and at least three independent directors within
one year of listing on Nasdaq, where at least one of the independent directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under
SEC rules and as a financially sophisticated audit committee member under the Nasdaq rules. 

The
Company s Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that two of its six directors (Sam Lai and Maggie Yu) are non-independent
directors of the Company and four of its six directors (Douglas Branch, Michael Lenner, Minghui (Alan) Gao, and Hilary Hui-Chong)
 Bui) are independent directors of the Company. The Company s audit committee consists of the four independent directors:
Messrs. Branch, Lenner, Gao and Ms. Bui. Ms. Bui is the chair of the audit committee. and qualifies as an audit committee financial expert
under SEC rules and as a financially sophisticated audit committee member under the Nasdaq rules. 

67 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

TPS
Thayer, LLC acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to TPS Thayer,
LLC for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 115,000 
 110,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 120,000 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 115,000 
 230,000 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with regulatory filings. The above
amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at Audit Committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax
Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for tax planning services and tax advice. The board of directors must specifically approve
all other tax services. 

All
Other Fees . Other services are services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that do not fall within the
established audit, audit-related, and tax services categories. The board of directors preapproves specified other services that do not
fall within any of the specified prohibited categories of services. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Since
formation of our audit committee, all of the foregoing services were pre-approved by our audit committee. Our audit committee will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this annual report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statements Schedules 

All
 financial statements schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the
 required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
 hereby file as part of this annual report the exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below. Exhibits which are incorporated herein
 by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580,
 Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street,
 N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

68 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Hour Loop, Inc. filed with the Washington Secretary of State on January 13, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Conversion of Hour Loop, Inc. filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on April 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Hour Loop, Inc. filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on April 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Hour Loop, Inc. filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Hour Loop, Inc. filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on December 16, 2021). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to Amendment No. 1 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 27, 2021, by and between Hour Loop, Inc. and Sam Lai (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 27, 2021, by and between Hour Loop, Inc. and Maggie Yu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Director Agreement, dated June 21, 2021, by and between Hour Loop, Inc. and Michael Lenner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Director Agreement, dated June 21, 2021, by and between Hour Loop, Inc. and Douglas Branch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Director Agreement, dated October 6, 2021, by and between Hour Loop, Inc. and Minghui (Alan) Gao (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Hour Loop, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement between Amazon.com, Inc. and Hour Loop, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Changes to Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement effective November 7, 2020 between Amazon.com, Inc. and Hour Loop, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 

69 

10.9 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated December 31, 2020, among the Company and Sam Lai and Maggie Yu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated September 16, 2021, among the Company and Sam Lai and Maggie Yu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, among the Company and Sam Lai and Maggie Yu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 2 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated October 15, 2021, among the Company and Sam Lai and Maggie Yu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Addendum No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2022, by and between the registrant and Sam Lai (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2022). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Addendum No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2022, by and between the registrant and Sau Kuen Yu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2022). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260540), filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 

 Furnished
herewith 

Management contracts, compensation plans and arrangements. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

70 

HOUR
LOOP, INC. 

 Index
to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID No.: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Hour
Loop, Inc 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hour Loop, Inc (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years December 31, 2022 and
2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has negative
cash flow from operating activities and net loss, that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
 TPS Thayer, LLC 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 

March
31, 2023 

F- 2 

Item
1. Financial Statements. 

HOUR
LOOP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In
US Dollars, except for shares data) 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Right-of-use lease assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Short-term loan 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities 

Due to related parties 
 - 

Income taxes payable 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities-current 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities-non-current 
 
 - 
 
 Due to related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Total non-current liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock: par value, shares
 authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock: par value, shares authorized, and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

HOUR
LOOP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

 (In
US Dollars, except for shares data) 

 For
the years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues, net 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling and marketing 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 operating expenses 

(Loss) income from operations 

Other (expenses) income 

Other expense 

Interest expense 

Other
 income 

Total
 other (expenses) income, net 

(Loss) income before income
 taxes 

Income
 tax benefit (expense) 

Net (loss) income 

Other comprehensive loss 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Total
 comprehensive (loss) income 

Basic and diluted (loss) income
 per common share 

Weighted-average
 number of common shares outstanding 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

HOUR
LOOP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In
US Dollars, except for shares data) 

 For
the years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 (Loss)
 Income 
 Equity 

Common 
 Stock 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 (Loss) 
 Equity 

BALANCE
 AT DECEMBER 31,2020 

Contribution 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Distribution 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Currency
 translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE
 AT DECEMBER 31,2021 

Issuance
 of shares 

- 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 

- 
 - 

Currency
 translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE
 AT DECEMBER 31,2022 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

HOUR
LOOP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
US Dollars) 

 For
the years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating
 activities 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile of net (loss)
 income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation expenses 

Noncash lease expenses 

Noncash forgiven borrowing 
 - 

Inventory allowance 

Stockbased Compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Deferred Tax Assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided
 by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing
 activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Payments to related
 parties 

Repayments from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Capital contribution 
 - 

Distribution to stockholders 
 - 

Proceeds from Issuance of shares 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from Short-term
 debt 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect
 of changes in foreign currency exchange rates 

Net (decrease) increase in
 cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of the year 

Supplemental disclosures of
 cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income tax 

Noncash investing and financing
 activities: 

Right-of-use of assets and
 operating lease liabilities recognized 
 
 - 
 
 Noncash distribution to stockholders 
 - 

Noncash from
 related parties 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

HOUR
LOOP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

segment, which
is online retail (e-commerce). 

The
Company was incorporated on January 13, 2015 under the laws of the state of Washington. On April 7, 2021, the Company was converted from
a Washington corporation to a Delaware corporation. 

In
2019, Hour Loop formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Flywheel Consulting Ltd. Flywheel located in Taiwan, to provide business operating consulting
services, exclusively to Hour Loop. 

common shares issued and outstanding) to a C corporation 
common shares issued and outstanding) with an effective date of . The reorganization did not change the ownership of the Company and the each of the two stockholders (Sam Lai and
Maggie Yu) continues to own 
of the Company s outstanding shares. The discussion and presentation of the audited consolidated financial statements herein
assumes the reorganization had become effective as of the beginning of the first period presented in the accompanying audited
consolidated financial statements. Consistent with Section 1362 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code ), the retained earnings as of July 27, 2021 were distributed to the S corporation stockholders. The stockholders
and the Company have entered into an agreement for this amount to be loaned to the Company. The amount of this distribution is
 
and the annual interest rate is .
The loan was due on . On December 28, 2022, the Company, Mr. Lai and Ms. Yu agreed to extend the term of the loan, with the new maturity
date of . As amended, the annual interest rate on the loan is . 

On
September 27, 2021, . As result of the stock split, the total number of shares outstanding became . 

On
December 3, 2021, . As a result of the reverse stock split, the total number of shares outstanding became . These shares
were retrospectively adjusted for prior periods. 

, and net loss of . These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company may be unable
to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in normal course of business. 

Most
of the borrowings of the Company as of December 31, 2022 are from the related parties, which will not repayable within the next 12 months
and are subject to renewal and the management is confident that these borrowings can be renewed upon expiration. 

In
order to strengthen the Company s liquidity in the foreseeable future, the Company has taken the following measures: 

i. 
 Taking
 various cost control measures to tighten the costs of operations. 

ii. 
 Implementing
 various strategies to enhance sales and profitability. 

Management
represents that there is sufficient working capital to sustain operations longer than twelve months. 

Period Average NTD: USD exchange
 rate 

per depositor, per FDIC-insured bank, per ownership category. 

The
 Cost of revenues line item in the consolidated statements of operations is principally inventory sold to customers during
the reporting period. The Company had inventory allowance balances of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Full inventory allowance is recorded for the inventory SKU not sold for more than one year. 

Rules
for inventory allowance: 

Inventories, consisting of products available for sale, are primarily accounted
for using the first-in, first-out method, and are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This valuation requires us to
make judgments based on currently available information about the likely method of disposition, such as through sales to individual customers,
returns to product vendors, or liquidations, and expected recoverable values of each disposition category.

. 

The
majority of the Company s property and equipment is computers, and the estimated useful lives is years. 

and 
of gross sales for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

From time to time, the Company offers
price discounts on certain selected items to stimulate the sales of those items. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration for
which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods. Consistent with this policy, the Company reduces the amount
of these discounts from the gross revenue to calculate the net revenue recorded on the statement of operations. 

A
performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good to the customer and is the unit of account in ASC Topic
606. A contract s transaction price is recognized as revenue when the performance obligation is satisfied. Each of the Company s
contracts have a single distinct performance obligation, which is the promise to transfer individual goods. For consumer product sales,
the Company has elected to treat shipping and handling as fulfillment activities, and not a separate performance obligation. The Company
had shipping and handling costs of and for the periods ended of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which
were recorded in selling, advertising and marketing expenses. Accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue for its single performance
obligation related to product sales at the time control of the merchandise passes to the customer, which is generally at the time of
shipment. The Company bills customers for charges for shipping and handling on certain sales and such charges are recorded as part of
net revenue. 

For
each contract, the Company considers the promise to transfer products to be the only identified performance obligation. In determining
the transaction price, the Company evaluates whether the price is subject to refund or adjustment to determine the net consideration
to which the Company expects to be entitled. The Company s revenues for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are recognized
at a point in time. 

and ,
respectively, in sales taxes along with penalties and interest resulting from late filing. 

The
Company s accounts receivables are derived from sales contracts with a large number of customers. The Company maintains reserves
for potential credit losses on customer accounts when deemed necessary. Significant customers are those which represent more than 10 
of the Company s total net revenue or gross accounts receivable balance at the balance sheet date. . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
all of the Company s accounts receivable were held by the Company s sales platform agent, Amazon, which collects money on
the Company s behalf from its customers. Therefore, the Company s accounts receivable are comprised of receivables due from
Amazon and the reimbursement from Amazon to the Company usually takes 15 to 20 days. 

The
Company s business is reliant on one key vendor which currently provides the Company with its sales platform, logistics and fulfillment
operations, including certain warehousing for the Company s net goods, and invoicing and collection of its revenue from the Company s
end customers. During the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately of the Company s revenue was through or
with the Amazon sales platform. 

and for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Savings
 account and cash 

Total 

Inventory-in-transit 

Allowance 

Total 

Allowance 

Write
 off 

Ending balance 

The allowance of inventory is recorded under cost of goods sold in the
income statement. 

Accumulated
 depreciation and amortization 

Total
 property and equipment, net 

For
the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company purchased and , for fixtures, and equipment, respectively. 

For the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had and , for depreciation, respectively. 

For the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had disposal or pledge, respectively. 

Prepaid expenses-IPO cost 
 - 

Prepaid expenses-other 

Lease refundable deposit 

Tax Receivable 

Other
 current assets 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there is a tax
receivable of 
and due to prepaid income taxes, respectively. 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued bonus 

Accrued expenses 

Other
 payables 

Total 

The
Company made an assessment of sales tax payable including any related interest and penalties and accrued these estimates on the financial
statements. Among which, 
 and 
 are related interest and penalties as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

A bonus expense is accrued whenever
company s financial or operational performance meets the required performance level. The Company has and 
accrued for bonus as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

with Bank of America. The line of credit matures
on and bears interest at a rate of per annum. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance under the Bank of America line of credit was - - and - -, respectively. Also,
the Company had accrued interest expense of as of December 31, 2022 that due on . Accrued interest expense has been
recorded in the accrued expenses on the balance sheet. 

On
August 18, 2022, Flywheel signed a line of credit agreement in the amount of with Taishin International Bank. The line of
credit matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance under the Taishin International Bank line of credit was . Also, Flywheel has accrued
interest expense of as of December 31, 2022 that has not been paid. Accrued interest expense has been recorded in the accrued
expenses on the balance sheet. 

and due to related
parties (Sam Lai and Maggie Yu, Mr. Lai is the Company s Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Interim
Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Yu is the Company s Senior Vice President and a member of the Company s Board of Directors), respectively. 

On
December 30, 2020 the Company and the stockholders (Sam Lai and Maggie Yu) entered into a loan agreement of 
and later modified on September 16, 2021, converted it into a interest-bearing loan with a repayment date of December 31, 2021. On January 18, 2022, the Company repaid the loan principal in full, while the
balance of accrued interest to be paid for this loan was approximately 
as of December 31, 2022. 

Additionally,
the Company had in loan
from related parties. The loan is memorialized in a Loan Agreement dated October 15, 2021. The annual interest rate is 
and the repayment date is December 31, 2022. The Company had accrued the interest of 
on December 31, 2022. 

On
December 28, 2022, . 

For the periods ended December 31, 2022, the Company had payments to related
parties and repayments from related parties , respectively. 

operating leases (Flywheel s office leases in Taiwan) as of December 31, 2022. The leased assets in Flywheel are presented as right-of-use
assets. 

The
table below reconciles the fixed component of the undiscounted cash flows for each of the first five years and the total remaining years
to the operating lease liabilities recorded in the statements of financial position as of December 31, 2022: 

Weighted-average
 remaining lease term at December 31,
 2022 

Weighted-average
 discount rate at December 31, 2022 

Operating
lease liabilities-current as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and - , respectively. Operating lease liabilities-non-current
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and - , respectively. The right-of-use assets balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
were and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 
 - 
 
 2026
 and thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total minimum lease payments 

Less:
 effect of discounting 

Present value of the future
 minimum lease payment 

Less:
 operating lease liabilities-current 

Total
 operating lease liabilities-non-current 

For the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had and , for lease expenses, respectively. 

Blended
 state tax rate 

Effective
 tax rate 

Schedule of Components of Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 

Current 
 Deferred 
 Total 

Income
 Tax 
 Income
 Tax 
 Income
 Tax 
 
 Tax
 Expense Summary 
 Expense 
 Benefit 
 Benefit 
 
 Federal 

State 

Total
 Tax Expense (Benefit) 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of the deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022: 

State 

Total 

2022 
 2021 

Deferred
 Tax 
 Deferred
 Tax 

Assets 
 Assets 
 
 Deferred
 Tax Assets summary 
 December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Right of use lease
 assets 

Inventories allowance 

Net
 loss carry forward 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

The
Company files income tax return in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and Washington state jurisdictions. Based on management evaluation,
there is 
provision necessary for material uncertain tax position for the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The company expects to generate sufficient taxable income in
future periods against which the Deferred Tax Assets can be utilized, a valuation allowance may not be needed. 

Sales returns 

Discounts 

Total 

Legal and professional fees 

Insurance expense 

Storage rental fees 

Sales taxes 

Outside services 

Franchise tax 
 
 - 
 
 Pension 

Office expense 

Software subscriptions expense 

Manpower recruitment advertising
 expense 

Meals and entertainment expense 

Other
 general and administrative expenses 

Total 

For the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company worked with Teknia Web Solutions, who is a technology company based in the Philippines that provides technology services to
businesses and organizations. The expenses incurred of and are recorded as outside services expense as disclosed. 

For the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had and for Pension expenses, which is a retirement benefit required by the Labor Standards Act in Taiwan,
which mandates employers to provide retirement benefits to their employees. 

and capital contribution of . 

Preferred
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had shares of preferred stock, par value per share, authorized. The Company
did t have any preferred shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The holders of the preferred stock in preference, are
entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared by the Board of Directors. 

Common
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had shares of common stock, par value per share, authorized. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. 

Stock
Split 

On
September 27, 2021, the Company completed a stock split such that each outstanding stock was sub-divided and converted into shares
of common stock. As result of the stock split, the total number of shares outstanding became . 

Prior
to December 3, 2021, the Company had shares of common stock, par value per share, authorized. 

HOUR
LOOP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

On
December 3, 2021, . This reverse stock split caused the number of shares of common stock outstanding to decrease
from to . All per share amounts and number of shares in the consolidated financial statements and related notes
have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. 

Share
Issuance for Stock Compensation 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company issued and vested 
shares of Company common stock to each of Sam Lai, our Chief Executive Officer, and Maggie Yu, our Senior Vice President, with a
fair market value of 
per share as compensation for the past services to the Company pursuant to the terms of their Executive Employment Agreements with
the Company. 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company issued and vested , ,
and 
shares of Company common stock to Michael Lenner, Douglas Branch, and Alan Gao, respectively, with a fair market value of 
per share as compensation for the past services as directors to the Company pursuant to the terms of their Director Agreements with
the Company. 

On
May 20, 2022, the Company issued and vested 
shares of Company common stock to each of Sam Lai, Maggie Yu, Michael Lenner, Douglas Branch, and Alan Gao, with a fair market value
of 
per share as compensation for the past services as executives or directors to the Company pursuant to the terms of their respective
Executive Employment Agreements or Director Agreements with the Company. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company issued and vested 
shares of Company common stock to each of Sam Lai, Maggie Yu, Michael Lenner, Douglas Branch, and Alan Gao, with a fair market value
of 
per share as compensation for the past services as executives or directors to the Company pursuant to the terms of their respective
Executive Employment Agreements or Director Agreements with the Company. 

On
September 30, 2022, the Company issued and vested 
shares of Company common stock to each of Sam Lai, Maggie Yu, Michael Lenner, Douglas Branch, and Alan Gao, with a fair market value
of 
per share as compensation for the past services as executives or directors to the Company pursuant to the terms of their respective
Executive Employment Agreements or Director Agreements with the Company. 

IPO
Proceeds 

On
January 11, 2022, we closed our initial public offering of shares of common stock, which included the full exercise of the
underwriter s over-allotment option, at a public offering price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of ,
prior to deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses. Our common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Capital
Market on January 7, 2022, under the symbol HOUR . EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC EF Hutton ),
acted as sole book-running manager for the offering. The net proceeds of the offering, after deducting expenses of , were .
Meanwhile, other costs incurred in the IPO totaled , the main nature of which was professional fees. As a result, common stock
increased by , and additional paid-in capital increased by . 

shares of Company common stock to each of Sam Lai, Maggie Yu, Michael Lenner, Douglas
Branch, and Alan Gao, with a fair market value of per share as compensation for the past services as executives or directors
to the Company pursuant to the terms of their respective Executive Employment Agreements or Director Agreements with the Company. 

F- 18 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HOUR
 LOOP, INC. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Sam Lai 

Sam
 Lai 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
person whose signature appears below hereby appoints Sam Lai as attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution to execute in the name
and on behalf of the registrant and each such person, individually and in each capacity stated below, one or more amendments to the annual
report on Form 10-K, which amendments may make such changes in the report as the attorney-in-fact acting deems appropriate and to file
any such amendment to the annual report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Sam Lai 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board (principal executive officer, 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Sam Lai 
 
 principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

/s/ Sau Kuen (Maggie) Yu 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Sau Kuen (Maggie) Yu 

/s/ Douglas Branch 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Douglas Branch 

/s/ Michael Lenner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Michael Lenner 

/s/ Minghui (Alan) Gao 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Minghui (Alan) Gao 

/ s/ Hilary (Hui-Chong) Bui 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Hilary Hui-Chong) Bui 

71 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Flywheel Consulting Limited 
 
 Kaohsiung City, Taiwan 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Sam Lai, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Hour Loop, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Sam Lai 

Sam Lai 

Chief Executive Officer
 and Interim Chief Financial Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Sam Lai, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Hour Loop, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Sam Lai 

Sam
 Lai 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hour Loop, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Sam Lai, Chief Executive Officer and Interim
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Sam Lai 

Sam
 Lai 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except
to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hour-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hour-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hour-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hour-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

