<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1063344_0001063344-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16096528</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>397184</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2139153</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5809552</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3917645</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3547217</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001063344-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223172622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001063344-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001063344
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				251811499
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14765
		FILM NUMBER:		23661139

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44 HERSHA DRIVE
		CITY:			HARRISBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7172364400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44 HERSHA DRIVE
		CITY:			HARRISBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001063344-23-000018.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 ht-20221231.htm
 10-K

ht-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 
 Commission file number : 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Sec.232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the outstanding Class A common shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sale price at which Class A common shares were last sold on June 30, 2022, was approximately million. 
 As of February 23, 2023, the number of Class A common shares outstanding was and there were Class B common shares outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

2 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST 
 Table of Contents Item No. Form 10-K Page CAUTIONARY FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS PART I ITEM 1. Business 
 6 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 36 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 ITEM 6. Reserved 
 38 
 ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Mark Risk 
 48 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 107 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 107 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 109 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 109 
 PART III ITEM 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 110 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 110 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 110 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence 
 110 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 110 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 111 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 114 

3 

CAUTIONARY FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this report to: (1) we, us, our, the Company and Hersha mean Hersha Hospitality Trust and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership, taken as a whole; (2) HHLP and our operating partnership mean Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership; and (3) common shares mean our Class A common shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share. 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), as amended, including, without limitation, statements containing the words, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, continue, intend, should, may, "could," "will," "would," "forecast," "project," "potential," "likely," and words of similar import. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events, our plans, strategies, prospects and future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks that are difficult to predict, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements or industry results to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Readers should specifically consider the various factors identified in this report and other reports filed by us with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") including, but not limited to those discussed in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations that could cause actual results to differ. Statements regarding the following subjects are forward-looking by their nature: 
 our business or investment strategy; 
 our projected operating results; 
 our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations; 
 our distribution policy; 
 our liquidity and management's plans with respect thereto; 
 completion of any pending transactions; 
 our ability to maintain existing financing arrangements, including compliance with covenants, and our ability to obtain future financing arrangements or refinance or extend the maturity of existing financing arrangements as they come due; 
 our ability to negotiate with lenders; 
 our understanding of our competition; 
 market trends; 
 projected capital expenditures; 
 the impact of inflation and the change in interest rates; 
 the effects of COVID-19 and its variants and other infectious disease outbreaks; 
 the supply and demand factors in our markets or sub-markets, or a potential recessionary environment; 
 our access to capital on the terms and timing we expect; 
 the restoration of public confidence in domestic and international travel; 
 permanent structural changes in demand for conference centers by business and leisure clientele; and 
 our ability to dispose of selected hotel properties on the terms and timing we expect, if at all. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations, taking into account all information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations are subject to risks and uncertainties and can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 
 Important factors that we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected results are summarized below. One of the most significant factors, however, is the ongoing impact of the current outbreak of the novel coronavirus on the United States, regional and global economies, the broader financial markets, our customers and employees, governmental responses thereto and the operation changes we have and may implement in response thereto. The current outbreak of COVID-19 has also impacted, and is likely to continue to impact, directly or indirectly, many other important factors below. 
 New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 The following non-exclusive list of factors could also cause actual results to vary from our forward-looking statements: 
 general volatility of the capital markets and the market price of our common shares; 
 changes in our business or investment strategy; 
 availability, terms and deployment of capital; 
 4 

changes in our industry and the market in which we operate, interest rates, or the general economy; 
 decreased international travel because of geopolitical events, including terrorism, and current U.S. government policies, such as immigration policies, border closings, and travel bans related to COVID-19; 
 widespread adoption of teleconference and virtual meeting technologies could reduce the number of in person business meetings and demand for travel and our services; 
 uncertainty surrounding the financial stability of the United States, Europe and China; 
 the degree and nature of our competition; 
 financing risks, including (i) the risk of leverage and the corresponding risk of default on our mortgage loans and other debt, including default with respect to applicable covenants, (ii) potential inability to obtain waivers of covenants or refinance or extend the maturity of existing indebtedness and (iii) our ability to negotiate with lenders; 
 levels of spending in the business, travel and leisure industries, as well as consumer confidence; 
 declines in occupancy, average daily rate and RevPAR and other hotel operating metrics; 
 hostilities, including future terrorist attacks, or fear of hostilities that affect travel; 
 financial condition of, and our relationships with, our joint venture partners, third-party property managers, and franchisors; 
 increased interest rates and operating costs and the impact of inflation; 
 ability to complete development and redevelopment projects; 
 risks associated with potential dispositions of hotel properties; 
 availability of and our ability to retain qualified personnel; 
 decreases in tourism due to pandemics, geopolitical instability or changes in foreign exchange rates; 
 our failure to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the "Code"; 
 environmental uncertainties and risks related to natural disasters and increases in costs to insure against those risks; 
 changes in real estate and zoning laws and increases in real property tax rates; 
 the uncertainty and economic impact of pandemics, epidemics, or other public health emergencies or fear of such events, such as the recent outbreak of COVID-19, including with respect to New York City; 
 the current COVID-19 pandemic had, and will continue to have, adverse effects on our financial conditions, results of operations, cash flows, and performance for an indefinite period of time. Future pandemics may also have adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and performance; 
 world events impacting the ability or desire of people to travel may lead to a decline in demand for hotels; and 
 the factors discussed in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 under the headings Risk Factors and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations" and in other reports we file with the SEC from time to time. 
 These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any of our forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, also could harm our results, performance or achievements. 
 All forward-looking statements contained in this report are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth above. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake or assume any obligation to update publicly any of these statements to reflect actual results, new information or future events, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking statements, except to the extent required by applicable laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 

5 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 OVERVIEW 
 Hersha Hospitality Trust is a self-advised Maryland real estate investment trust that was organized in 1998 and completed its initial public offering in January of 1999. Our common shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HT. We invest primarily in institutional grade hotels in major urban gateway markets including New York, Washington, DC, Boston, Philadelphia, South Florida and California. Our primary strategy is to continue to own high quality luxury, upscale, and upper midscale hotels in metropolitan markets with high barriers to entry and independent boutique hotels in markets with similar characteristics. We have operated and intend to continue to operate so as to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 We create value through our ability to source capital and identify high growth acquisition targets. We seek acquisition candidates located in markets with economic, demographic and supply dynamics favorable to hotel owners and operators. Through our due diligence process, we select acquisition targets where we believe selective capital improvements and intensive management will increase the hotel s ability to attract key demand segments, enhance hotel operations and increase long-term value. To drive sustainable shareholder value, we also seek to recycle capital from stabilized assets in markets with lower forecasted growth rates. Capital from these types of transactions may be and has been redeployed into high growth acquisitions, share buybacks and reduction of debt, subject to compliance with applicable law, our declaration of trust (as amended and supplemented, our "Declaration of Trust") and certain financial covenants. 
 Our operations and strategy have evolved, and adapted to the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects of travel restrictions and precautions both globally and in the United States, the hospitality industry experienced drastic drops in demand. As such, we have focused on operating efficiently at reduced occupancies, executing expense mitigation strategies, and shoring up liquidity through strategic capital raising and hotel dispositions to address our various debt obligations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 22 wholly-owned limited and full service properties with a total of 3,392 rooms, 1 hotel owned through a consolidated joint venture with a total of 115 rooms, and interests in 2 limited service properties owned through joint venture investments with a total of 304 rooms. These 25 properties, with a total of 3,811 rooms, are located in California, Connecticut, District of Columbia, Florida, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Pennsylvania, and operate under leading brands owned by Marriott International, Inc. Marriott ), Hilton Worldwide, Inc. Hilton ), InterContinental Hotels Group IHG ), and Hyatt Corporation Hyatt ). In addition, some of our hotels operate as independent hotels. 
 We are structured as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT, and we own our hotels and our investments in joint ventures through our operating partnership, Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership (the "Partnership"), for which we serve as the sole general partner. As of December 31, 2022, we owned an approximate 85.1 partnership interest in our operating partnership including all of the general partnership interest. 
 The majority of our wholly-owned hotels are managed by Hersha Hospitality Management, L.P. HHMLP ), a privately held, qualified management company owned primarily by other unaffiliated third party investors and in which certain of our trustees and executive officers have a minority investment. Other third party qualified management companies manage certain hotels that are wholly owned or in which we own through joint venture interests. We lease our wholly-owned hotels to 44 New England Management Company 44 New England ), our wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ), or one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Each of the hotels that we own through a joint venture investment is leased to another TRS that is owned by the respective joint venture or an entity owned in part by 44 New England. 
 Our principal executive office is located at 44 Hersha Drive, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 17102. Our telephone number is (717) 236-4400. Our website address is www.hersha.com. The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this report. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We make available free of charge through our website (www.hersha.com) our code of ethics, corporate governance guidelines and the charters of the committees of our Board of Trustees (Acquisition Committee, Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Risk Sub-Committee of the Audit Committee). We also make available through our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. All 
 6 

reports that we have filed with the SEC including this annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K, can also be obtained free of charge from the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 INVESTMENT IN HOTEL PROPERTIES 
 
 Our operating strategy focuses on increasing hotel performance for our portfolio. The key elements of this strategy are: 
 working together with our hotel management companies to increase revenue per available room, or RevPAR, and to maximize the average daily rate, or ADR, and occupancy levels at each of our hotels through active property-level management, including intensive marketing efforts to tour groups, corporate and government extended stay customers and other wholesale customers and expanded yield management programs, which are calculated to better match room rates to room demand; and 
 maximizing our hotel-level earnings by managing hotel-level costs and positioning our hotels to capitalize on increased demand in the high quality, upper-upscale, upscale and extended-stay lodging segments, which followed from improving economic conditions, and maximizing our operating margins. 
 ACQUISITIONS 
 When acquisitions are within our operating strategy, we selectively acquire high quality branded luxury, upper-upscale, upscale, and upper-midscale hotels in metropolitan and resort markets with high barriers-to-entry and independent boutique hotels in similar markets. Through our due diligence process, we select those acquisition targets where we believe selective capital improvements and intensive management will increase the hotel s ability to attract key demand segments, enhance hotel operations and increase long-term value. In executing our disciplined acquisition program, we will consider acquiring hotels that meet the following additional criteria: 
 nationally-franchised hotels operating under popular brand families, such as Marriott, Hilton, IHG, Hyatt, Accor, and Four Seasons; 
 hotels in locations with significant barriers-to-entry, such as high development costs, limited availability of land and lengthy entitlement processes; 
 hotels in our target markets where we can realize operating efficiencies and economies of scale; and 
 independent boutique hotels that have strong business generating potential in similar markets. 
 
 All asset acquisitions are comprehensively reviewed and approved by the Acquisition Committee of our Board of Trustees, which consists solely of independent trustees. 
 We utilize our relationships with entities that are developing or substantially renovating hotels, including entities controlled by certain of our trustees and executive officers, to identify future hotel acquisitions that we believe may be attractive to us. We may continue to acquire hotels from entities controlled by certain of our trustees and executive officers if approved by a majority of our independent trustees in accordance with our related party transaction policy. 
 We acquired no hotel properties in the year ended December 31, 2022 and we intend to invest in additional hotels only as suitable opportunities arise and adequate sources of financing are available. We expect that future investments in hotels will depend upon and will be financed by, in whole or in part, our existing cash, the proceeds from additional issuances of common or preferred shares, proceeds from the sale of assets, issuances of Common Units, issuances of preferred units or other securities or borrowings secured by hotel assets and under our Line of Credit. 
 DISPOSITIONS 
 We evaluate our hotels and the markets in which they operate on a periodic basis to determine if these hotels continue to satisfy our investment criteria. We may sell hotels opportunistically based upon management s forecast and review of the cash flow potential of each hotel and re-deploy the proceeds into debt reduction, acquisitions of hotels and, from time to time, share buybacks. We utilize several criteria to determine the long-term potential of our hotels. Hotels are identified for sale based upon management s forecast of the strength of each hotel s cash flows, its ability to remain accretive to our portfolio, and the expectations for the market in which the hotel operates. Our decision to sell a hotel is often predicated upon the size of the hotel, strength of the franchise, property condition and related costs to renovate the property, strength of market demand generators, projected supply of hotel rooms in the market, probability of increased valuation and geographic profile of the hotel. All asset sales are comprehensively reviewed by the Acquisition Committee of our Board of Trustees. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we completed several hotel dispositions to enhance our liquidity to address our various debt obligations and limit capital expenditures. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we disposed of the 
 7 

Sheraton Wilmington. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold the Residence Inn Coconut Grove, the Courtyard San Diego, the Capitol Hill Hotel, the Holiday Inn Express Cambridge Hotel and the Duane Street Hotel. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold the Courtyard Brookline, the Hampton Inn Washington, DC, the Hilton Garden Inn M Street Washington, DC, the Hampton Inn - Philadelphia, the TownePlace Suites Sunnyvale, the Courtyard Sunnyvale, the Courtyard Los Angeles Westside, Hotel Milo Santa Barabara, Pan Pacific Seattle, and the Gate hotel JFK Airport. 
 
 For additional information, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 2, Investment in Hotel Properties. 
 FINANCING 
 We intend to finance our long-term growth with common and preferred equity issuances and debt financing with staggered maturities. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of indebtedness that we may incur. Our ability to incur additional debt is dependent upon a number of factors, including the current state of the overall credit markets, our degree of leverage and borrowing restrictions imposed by debt covenants and existing lenders. Our ability to raise funds through the issuance of debt and equity securities is dependent upon, among other things, capital market volatility, risk tolerance of investors, general market conditions for REITs and market perceptions related to the Company's ability to generate cash flow and positive returns on its investments. As discussed above, we may also pursue hotel dispositions, among other strategic initiatives, in order to bolster our financial position. 
 Our debt includes secured credit facilities, term loans, mortgage debt on certain hotel properties, and subordinated notes payable. We may use our line of credit capacity to pay down mortgage debt, repurchase common shares subject to market conditions, and fund future acquisitions, as well as for capital improvements and working capital requirements. When purchasing hotel properties, we may issue common and preferred limited partnership interests in our operating partnership as full or partial consideration to sellers. 
 See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for additional information on our indebtedness and financing. 
 
 SUSTAINABILITY 
 Our proprietary sustainability platform, EarthView , was created in 2010 and is one of the most established sustainability programs in the hospitality industry. Through EarthView, we incorporate economic, environmental, and social initiatives into our overall business strategy. Our approach to sustainability not only drives lower operating expenses and higher real estate value, but is also a framework for identifying efficiencies in current practices, areas for hospitality innovation, and future market trends. 
 
 We have been recognized for our approach to driving positive environmental and community impact, and for our leadership in sustainability. In 2021 and 2022, Hersha ranked first among U.S. lodging peers in the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) Public Disclosure. We have also been selected as Leader in the Light by NAREIT in the Lodging Resorts sector four times for our superior sustainability practices. Additionally, we were included in America s Most Responsible Companies in 2021, 2022, and 2023 by Newsweek. 
 
 We are committed to transparent reporting of our ESG results. As such, Hersha publishes an annual sustainability report that is prepared in accordance with relevant international standards and best practices, specifically the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB) for the Real Estate Sector and the Task-force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 
 
 For more information on these and our other sustainability practices, including environmental and community impact results, as well as enterprise-wide policies, please see our current and historical sustainability reports, available on our website https://www.hersha.com/earthview/. The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS 
 Franchisors provide a variety of benefits for franchisees, which include national advertising, publicity and other marketing programs designed to increase brand awareness, training of personnel, continuous review of quality standards and centralized reservation systems. Most of our hotels operate under franchise licenses from national hotel franchisors, including: 
 8 

Franchisor Franchises Marriott International Ritz-Carlton, Marriott, Westin, Courtyard by Marriott, Autograph Collection Hilton Hotels Corporation Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton Inn Hyatt Hotels Corporation Hyatt, Hyatt House IHG Holiday Inn Express 
 We anticipate a majority of the hotels in which we invest will be operated pursuant to franchise licenses. 
 The franchise licenses generally specify certain management, operational, record-keeping, accounting, reporting and marketing standards and procedures with which the franchisee must comply. The franchise licenses generally obligate our lessees to comply with the franchisors standards and requirements with respect to training of operational personnel, safety, maintaining specified insurance, the types of services and products ancillary to guest room services that may be provided by our lessees, display of signage, and the type, quality and age of furniture, fixtures and equipment included in guest rooms, lobbies and other common areas. In general, the franchise licenses require us to pay the franchisor a fee typically ranging betwe en 3.8 and 9.5 of such hotel s revenues annually. 
 PROPERTY MANAGEMENT 
 We work closely with our hotel management companies to operate our hotels and increase hotel performance for our portfolio. 
 Through our TRS and our investment in joint ventures, we have retained the following management companies to operate our hotels as of December 31, 2022: 
 Wholly Owned Joint Ventures Total Manager Hotels Rooms Hotels Rooms Hotels Rooms Hersha Hospitality Management, L.P. 21 3,306 21 3,306 South Bay Boston Management, Inc. 2 304 2 304 Marriott Management 1 86 1 115 2 201 Total 22 3,392 3 419 25 3,811 
 
 Each management agreement provides for a set term and is subject to early termination upon the occurrence of defaults and certain other events described therein. As required under the REIT qualification rules, all managers, including HHMLP, must qualify as an eligible independent contractor during the term of the management agreements. 
 Under the management agreements, the manager generally pays the operating expenses of our hotels. All operating expenses or other expenses incurred by the manager in performing its authorized duties are reimbursed or borne by our applicable TRS to the extent the operating expenses or other expenses are incurred within the limits of the applicable approved hotel operating budget. Our managers are not obligated to advance any of their own funds for operating expenses of a hotel or to incur any liability in connection with operating a hotel. 
 For their services, the managers receive a base management fee, and if a hotel meets and exceeds certain thresholds, an additional incentive management fee. The base management fee for a hotel is due monthly and is generally equal to 3 of the gross revenues associated with that hotel for the related month. 
 CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS, RENOVATION AND REFURBISHMENT 
 Under certain loan agreements, we have established capital reserves for our hotels to maintain the hotels in a condition that complies with their respective requirements. These capital reserves typically range from 3 to 5 of a hotel s gross revenues and are included in escrow deposits on the consolidated balance sheet. In addition, we may upgrade hotels in our portfolio in order to capitalize on opportunities to increase revenue, and, as deemed necessary by our management, to seek to meet competitive conditions and preserve asset quality. We will also renovate hotels when we believe the investment in renovations will provide an attractive return to us through increased revenues and profitability and is in the best interests of our shareholders. As hotels are renovated, we may incorporate certain energy and water efficient improvements as part of our EarthView initiatives discussed above. We maintain a capital expenditures policy by which replacements and renovations are monitored to determine whether they qualify as capital improvements. 
 
 9 

OPERATING PRACTICES 
 Our hotel managers utilize centralized accounting and data processing systems, which facilitate financial statement and budget preparation, payroll management, quality control and other support functions for the on-site hotel management team. Our hotel managers also provide centralized control over purchasing and project management (which can create economies of scale in purchasing) while emphasizing local discretion within specific guidelines. 
 SEASONALITY 
 Our hotels operations historically have been seasonal in nature, reflecting lower revenues and occupancy rates during the first quarter of each year when compared to the remaining three quarters. This seasonality causes fluctuations in our quarterly operating revenues, profitability, and cash flow. 
 COMPETITION 
 The U.S. hotel industry is highly competitive. Our hotels compete with other hotels for guests in each of their markets on the basis of several factors, including, among others, location, quality of accommodations, convenience, brand affiliation, room rates, service levels and amenities, and level of customer service. In addition to traditional hotels, our properties also compete with non-traditional accommodations for travelers such as online room sharing services. Competition is often specific to the individual markets in which our hotels are located and includes competition from existing and new hotels operated under premium brands in the focused-service and full-service segments. We believe that hotels, such as our hotels, that are affiliated with leading national brand families, such as Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt, or IHG, will enjoy the competitive advantages associated with operating under such brands. Increased competition could harm our occupancy and revenues and may require us to provide additional amenities or make capital improvements that we otherwise would not have to make, which may materially and adversely affect our operating results and liquidity. 
 Historically, the upper-upscale and upscale limited service segments of the hotel business have been highly competitive. There are many competitors in our markets and new hotels are routinely being constructed. Additions to supply create new competitors, in some cases without corresponding increases in demand for hotel rooms. 
 We also compete for (i) hotel acquisitions with entities that have investment objectives similar to ours and (ii) buyers for various hotel dispositions. We face competition for the acquisition of hotels from institutional pension funds, private equity funds, REITs, hotel companies and others who are engaged in the acquisition of hotels. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial and operational resources and access to capital than we have and may have greater knowledge of the markets in which we seek to invest. This competition may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities offered to us, increase the bargaining power of property owners seeking to sell to us and decrease the attractiveness of the terms on which we may acquire our targeted hotel investments, including the cost thereof, making it more difficult for us to acquire new properties on attractive terms. Furthermore, an increase in disposition activity by other lodging competitors may negatively impact our ability to dispose of certain hotel properties on the terms and timing we expect, if at all. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 27 em ployees who were principally engaged in managing the affairs of the Company. The hotel management companies we engage to operate our hotels are responsible for hiring and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotels. Although we do not manage employees at our hotels, we are still subject to the many costs and risks generally associated with the labor at our hotels. 
 Hersha's priorities with regard to the human capital aspects of our business are aligned with our core values and focus on supporting our associates, valuing diversity and inclusion, and embracing health and wellness. 
 Supporting our Associates : We aim to attract, develop, and retain top talent and are committed to creating an environment for our associates that makes Hersha an exceptional place to work. We provide competitive pay, comprehensive benefit programs, and an inclusive, safe, and open work environment. We are committed to our Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics and provide opportunities for advancement and personal growth. 
 Diversity and Inclusion : We support and respect the protection of the internationally recognized United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, as well as labor rights. This approach has led to a diverse workforce at the senior management and workforce levels, with the following demographics across Hersha Hospitality Trust: 
 33 of our workforce is women 
 30 of our workforce identifies as a member of a minority group 
 10 

22 of our workforce is under the age of 30, while 56 of our workforce is between the ages of 30 and 50 
 In 2017, our CEO signed the CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion Pledge, joining others across all industries, and furthering our commitment to these essential principles in the workplace and boardroom. 
 Health and Wellness : We support the physical and mental health of our associates by providing access to stress management and healthy living instruction, as well as providing a physical work environment that is comfortable and safe. We encourage work-life balance and have provided associates with the flexibility to work from home during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Our efforts have been consistently recognized, with the Company being named in Newsweek's list of America's Most Responsible Companies in 2021, 2022, and 2023. 
 
 TAX STATUS 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 1999. As long as we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on the portion of our income that is currently distributed to our shareholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. Additionally, we will generally be unable to qualify as a REIT for four years following the year in which qualification is lost. Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we will be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income and property and to federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. 
 We own interests in several TRSs. We may own up to 100 of the stock of a TRS. A TRS is a taxable corporation that may lease hotels from our operating partnership and its subsidiaries under certain circumstances. Overall, no more than 20 of the value of our assets may consist of securities of one or more TRS. In addition, no more than 25 of our gross income for any year may consist of dividends from one or more TRS and income from certain non-real estate related sources. 
 A TRS is permitted to lease hotels from us as long as the hotels are operated on behalf of the TRS by a third party manager that qualifies as an "eligible independent contractor." To qualify for that treatment, the manager must satisfy the following requirements: 
 1. such manager is, or is related to a person who is, actively engaged in the trade or business of operating qualified lodging facilities for any person unrelated to us and the TRS; 
 2. such manager does not own, directly or indirectly, more than 35 of our shares; 
 3. no more than 35 of such manager is owned, directly or indirectly, by one or more persons owning 35 or more of our shares; and 
 4. we do not, directly or indirectly, derive any income from such manager. 
 The deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to us is limited to assure that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation, and in certain circumstances, other limitations on deductions of interest may apply. A 100 excise tax would be imposed on transactions between a TRS and us that are not on an arm s-length basis. 
 REGULATION 
 General 
 Our hotels are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to common areas and fire and safety requirements. We believe that each of our hotels has the necessary permits and approvals to operate its business. 
 Americans with Disabilities Act 
 Our hotels must comply with applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1993, or ADA, to the extent that such hotels are "public accommodations" as defined by the ADA. The ADA may require removal of structural barriers to access by persons with disabilities in certain public areas of our hotels where such removal is readily achievable. We believe that our hotels are in substantial compliance with the ADA and that we will not be required to make substantial capital expenditures to address the requirements of the ADA. However, non-compliance with the ADA could result in imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. The obligation to make readily achievable accommodations is an ongoing one, and we will continue to assess our hotels and to make alterations as appropriate in this respect. 
 11 

Environmental Matters 
 Under various laws relating to the protection of the environment, a current or previous owner or operator (including tenants) of real estate may be liable for contamination resulting from the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances at that property and may be required to investigate and clean up such contamination at that property or emanating from that property. These costs could be substantial and liability under these laws may attach without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the contaminants, and the liability may be joint and several. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at our hotels may expose us to third-party liability or materially and adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop the real estate or to incur debt using the real estate as collateral. 
 Our hotels are subject to various federal, state, and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that address a wide variety of issues, including, but not limited to, storage tanks, air emissions from emergency generators, storm water and wastewater discharges, lead-based paint, mold and mildew and waste management. Our hotels incur costs to comply with these laws and regulations and could be subject to fines and penalties for non-compliance. 
 Environmental laws require that owners or operators of buildings with asbestos-containing building materials properly manage and maintain these materials, adequately inform or train those who may come into contact with asbestos and undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, in the event that asbestos is disturbed during building renovation or demolition. These laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators for failure to comply with these requirements. In addition, third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos-containing building materials. 
 Some of our hotels may contain or develop harmful mold or suffer from other adverse conditions, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediation. The presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our hotels could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected hotel or increase indoor ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from guests or employees at our hotels and others if property damage or health concerns arise. 
 INSURANCE 
 We require comprehensive insurance to be maintained by our hotel management companies, including HHMLP, on each of our hotels, including liability and fire and extended coverage in amounts sufficient to permit the replacement of the hotel in the event of a total loss, subject to applicable deductibles. However, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, floods, hurricanes and acts of terrorism that may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors also might make it impracticable to use insurance proceeds to replace the applicable hotel after such applicable hotel has been damaged or destroyed. Under such circumstances, the insurance proceeds received by us might not be adequate to restore our economic position with respect to the applicable hotel. If any of these or similar events occur, it may reduce the return from the attached property and the value of our investment. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT SEGMENTS 
 We allocate resources and assess operating performance based on individual hotels and consider each one of our hotels to be an operating segment. No operating segment, individually, meets the threshold for a reportable segment as defined within ASC Topic 280 Segment Reporting, nor do they fully satisfy the requisite aggregation criteria therein. As a result, the Company does not present separate operating segment information within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for segment financial information. 
 
 12 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the following risks, together with the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may suffer. As a result, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you may lose all or part of any investment you have in our securities. 
 SUMMARY 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE ECONOMY AND CREDIT MARKETS 
 Economic conditions have reduced, and may continue to reduce, demand for hotel properties, which has, and may continue to, adversely affect the Company s profitability. 
 
 A sustained recession could result in declines in our average daily room rates, occupancy and RevPAR. 
 
 Disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our ability to obtain sufficient third-party financing. 
 
 Changes in interest expense as a result of the phase out of LIBOR. 

RISKS RELATED TO THE HOTEL INDUSTRY 
 Our hotels are subject to general hotel industry operating risks. 
 
 Our hotels are geographically concentrated in a limited number of markets. 
 Difficult economic conditions may continue to adversely affect the hotel industry. 
 The value of our hotels depends on conditions beyond our control. 
 
 Our investments are concentrated in a single segment of the hotel industry. 
 
 Operating costs and capital expenditures for hotel renovation may be greater than anticipated. 
 
 The franchise licenses under which we operate our hotels may be terminated or not renewed. 
 
 The seasonal and cyclical nature of the hotel industry may cause fluctuations in our operating performance. 
 
 The increasing use of Internet travel intermediaries by consumers. 
 
 The need for business-related travel may decline. 
 
 The growing use of non-franchisor lodging distribution channels could adversely affect the business and profitability. 
 Future terrorist attacks or changes in terror alert levels could adversely affect travel and hotel demand. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and will continue to have, adverse effects on our business. 

13 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 
 Noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations could result in fines and liabilities which could adversely affect operating results. 
 Costs of compliance with or liabilities under environmental laws could significantly reduce our profitability. 
 We face risks associated with the use of debt, including covenant compliance and refinancing risk. 
 
 We may fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls. 
 
 The impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the global economy is uncertain. 
 We do not operate our hotels or have complete control over implementation of our strategic decisions. 
 
 Most of our hotels are located in the area from Washington, DC to Boston, MA, including New York City, which may increase the effect of any regional or local events or conditions. 
 
 We own a limited number of hotels. 
 
 Inflation and price volatility in the global economy could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 We focus on acquiring hotels operating under a limited number of franchise brands. 
 
 We depend on key personnel. 
 
 Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on co-venturers financial conditions and disputes between us and our co-venturers. 
 
 We engage in hedging transactions to limit our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. 
 
 Hedging transactions may reduce our shareholders equity. 
 
 We and our hotel managers rely on information technology, which may fail or be inadequate, in our operations. 
 
 We face possible risks associated with the physical effects of severe weather and climate change. 
 
 We may be contractually prohibited from paying dividends. 
 
 Labor shortages and increased employee-related costs may impact operating results. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT GENERALLY 
 Real estate investments can be illiquid. 
 
 We may suffer losses not covered by insurance or that are in excess of our insurance coverage limits. 
 
 Real estate is subject to property taxes. 
 
 Environmental matters could adversely affect our results. 
 
 Our hotel properties may contain or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability and remediation costs. 
 
 Costs associated with complying with the ADA may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

RISKS RELATED TO CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 Certain agreements may not have been negotiated on an arm s-length basis. 
 
 Conflicts of interest with HHMLP may result in decisions that do not reflect our best interests. 
 
 Sales or refinancing of certain hotels acquired from related parties may lead to decisions not in our best interest. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR STRUCTURE 
 There are no assurances of our ability to make distributions in the future. 
 
 Holders of our outstanding preferred shares have certain senior rights to the holders of our common shares. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees may authorize the issuance of additional shares. 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust contains a provision that creates staggered terms for our Board of Trustees. 
 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law may discourage a third party from acquiring us. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees and management make decisions on our behalf and shareholders have limited policymaking and management rights. 

14 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR TAX STATUS 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT, our dividends will not be deductible, and our income will be subject to taxation. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must distribute annually a certain percentage of our REIT taxable income. 
 
 If the leases of our hotels to our TRSs are not respected as true leases, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Our ownership of our TRSs is limited and our transactions with our TRSs will cause us to be subject to a 100 penalty tax on certain income or deductions if those transactions are not conducted on arm's-length terms. 
 
 If our hotel managers do not qualify as eligible independent contractors, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to sell otherwise attractive investments. 
 
 The prohibited transactions tax may limit our ability to engage in certain transactions, including dispositions. 
 
 We may pay taxable dividends partly in shares and partly in cash. 
 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 
 Our share ownership limitation may prevent certain transfers of our shares. 
 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes. 
 
 The federal income tax laws governing REITs are complex. 
 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 An increase in market interest rates may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 
 
 Future offerings of equity securities may adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 
 
 The market price of our securities has been, and may continue to be, volatile and has declined, and 
 may continue to decline. 
 
 Future sales of our securities could depress the market price of our common shares. 

RISKS RELATED TO THE ECONOMY AND CREDIT MARKETS 
 
 Economic conditions have reduced, and may continue to reduce, demand for hotel properties, which has affected, and may continue to, adversely affect the Company s profitability. 
 
 The performance of the lodging industry is highly cyclical and has traditionally been closely linked with the performance of the general economy and, specifically, growth in the U.S. gross domestic product, employment, and investment and travel demand. The Company cannot predict the pace or duration of the global economic cycle or the cycles of the lodging industry. Furthermore, the Company cannot predict major disruptions in business cycles, including the development, length and ultimate effects of a global pandemic, such as COVID-19. 
 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, (i) conditions in the lodging industry deteriorated, and (ii) we experienced a period of economic weakness. However, we have subsequently experienced consistent signs of improvement in the Company s occupancy rates, revenues and profitability. Other macroeconomic factors, such as consumer confidence and conditions which negatively shape public perception of travel, may have a negative effect on the lodging industry and the Company s business. 
 
 Furthermore, some of the Company s hotels are classified as upper-upscale or upscale. These types of hotels have been, and may continue to be, more susceptible to a decrease in revenue, as compared to hotels in other categories that have lower room rates. This characteristic may result from the fact that upper-upscale hotels generally target business and high-end leisure travelers. Furthermore, at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, business and leisure travelers reduced travel costs by limiting travel or seeking to reduce costs on their trips. In the event of a resurgence of COVID-19 or other change in economic conditions, these travelers may continue to reduce their travel costs by limiting travel or seeking price reductions. In addition, profitability may be negatively affected by the relatively high fixed costs of operating upper-upscale and upscale hotels. 
 
 A sustained recession could result in declines in our average daily room rates, occupancy and RevPAR, and thereby have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The performance of the hotel industry has traditionally been closely linked with the general economy. For example, during both the recession of 2008 and 2009 and the COVID-19-related downturn, overall travel was reduced, which had a significant effect on our results of operations. While operating results subsequently improved, the COVID-19 pandemic has 
 15 

depressed economic activity. Certain of our properties occupancy and room rates have dropped, and others may drop, such that their revenues are insufficient to cover their respective operating expenses. As a result, we have been, and may continue to be, required to spend additional funds for such properties operating expenses. Other factors that may also affect our revenues and earnings include, but are not limited to, hindered growth in the economy, changes in unemployment, underemployment, administration policies and changes in travel patterns. A sustained recession would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 In addition, operating results have declined, and may continue to decline, at our hotels secured by mortgage debt, which has resulted, and may continue to result, in insufficient operating profit from such hotels to cover the respective debt service on the mortgage. In response, we have been, and may continue to be, forced to choose from a number of unfavorable options, including using corporate cash, drawing on our revolving credit facility, selling the hotel on disadvantageous terms, including at an unattractive price, or defaulting on the mortgage debt and permitting the lender to foreclose. Any one of these options could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our ability to obtain sufficient third-party financing for our capital needs, including expansion, acquisition and other activities, on favorable terms or at all, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. stock and credit markets have experienced significant price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions, which have caused market prices of many stocks, including ours, to fluctuate substantially and the spreads on prospective debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances have materially impacted liquidity in the financial markets, making terms for certain financings less attractive, and in some cases have resulted in the unavailability of financing, even for companies which otherwise are qualified to obtain financing. Continued volatility and uncertainty in the stock and credit markets in the U.S. and abroad have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our ability to access additional financing for our capital needs, including expansion, acquisition activities and other purposes, on favorable terms or at all, which may negatively affect our business. Additionally, due to this uncertainty, we may in the future be unable to refinance or extend our debt, or the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt. If we are not successful in refinancing our debt when it becomes due, we may be forced to dispose of hotels on disadvantageous terms, which might adversely affect our ability to service other debt and to meet our other obligations. A prolonged downturn in the financial markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing and may require us to further adjust our business plan accordingly. These events also may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of new equity capital or the incurrence of additional secured or unsecured debt, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 The elimination of LIBOR after June 2023 may affect our financial results. 
 
 On March 5, 2021, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, or FCA, which regulates LIBOR, announced that all LIBOR tenors relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. As of December 31, 2021, the IBA ceased publication of most non-USD LIBOR settings. IBA also previously announced its intention to cease publication of remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR ("USD LIBOR") settings immediately after June 30, 2023; however, in November 2022 the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates IBA, announced a public consultation regarding whether it should compel IBA to continue publishing synthetic USD LIBOR settings from June 2023 to the end of September 2024. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, or LIBOR Act, was signed into law in the U.S. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts maturing after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. Under the LIBOR Act, such contracts will automatically transition as a matter of law to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, based replacement rate identified by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or Federal Reserve. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Federal Reserve. In July 2022, the Federal Reserve issued a notice of proposed rulemaking implementing the LIBOR Act. As of December 31, 2022, no regulations have been promulgated. The Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, or ARRC, a steering committee composed of large U.S. financial institutions, identified SOFR, a new index calculated using short-term repurchase agreements backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for USD LIBOR. According to the ARRC, data from the cash and derivatives markets show continued momentum in the transition from LIBOR to SOFR, and SOFR is currently predominant across cash and derivatives markets. The FCA's announcement coincides with the March 5, 2021, announcement of LIBOR's administrator, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, or IBA, indicating that, as a result of not having access to input data necessary to calculate LIBOR tenors relevant to us on a representative basis after June 30, 2023, IBA would have to cease publication of such LIBOR tenors immediately after the last publication on June 30, 2023. These announcements mean that any of our LIBOR-based borrowings and assets that mature beyond June 30, 2023 need to be converted to alternative interest rates. In addition, any of our new borrowings after December 31, 2021, will be and have been done at alternative rates. 
 16 

There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. When our LIBOR-based borrowings are converted to SOFR, the differences between LIBOR and SOFR, plus the recommended spread adjustment, could result in interest costs that are higher than if LIBOR remained available, which could have a material adverse effect on our results. 
 
 US regulators and the ARRC have recommended that all LIBOR-based instruments include robust fallback language dictating what rate will apply when LIBOR ends. The fallbacks recommended by the ARRC are different for various non-derivative instruments, and not all USD-LIBOR-based instruments will incorporate the recommended fallbacks. The International Swaps and Derivatives Association ISDA has implemented fallback language and a protocol that will ensure USD-LIBOR-based derivatives amongst protocol participants fallback to compounded SOFR. However, the variations in fallback language in different financial instruments and the adoption of different replacement rates or methodologies in such fallback language could result in unexpected differences between our USD-LIBOR-based assets and our USD-LIBOR-based interest rate hedges. In addition, we may incur costs amending instruments not covered by the ISDA protocol or by clearinghouse rulebooks to implement fallbacks recommended by the ARRC. We may also decide not to amend, in which case we may bear the cost and risk of litigation. Some instruments, particularly consumer-facing adjustable-rate mortgages, are impractical to amend. With respect to those instruments, we may bear the cost and risk of litigation. Our lenders may be less willing to extend credit secured by assets that do not include robust fallbacks. 
 
 It is expected that switching existing financial instruments and hedging transactions from LIBOR to SOFR will include a spread adjustment. ISDA has described the spread calculation methodology that will apply to derivatives that adopt the ISDA recommendations for derivatives, and the ARRC has recommended the same methodology for all non-consumer financial instruments. The adjustment calculation is intended to minimize value transfer between counterparties, borrowers, and lenders, but there is no assurance that the calculated spread adjustment will be fair and accurate or that it will not result in higher interest costs. 
 
 We and other market participants have less experience understanding and modeling SOFR-based assets and liabilities than LIBOR-based assets and liabilities, increasing the difficulty of investing, hedging, and risk management. Because the impact of USD-LIBOR cessation is dependent on unknown future facts, the language of individual contracts, and the outcome of potential future litigation, it is not currently practical for our valuation models to account for the cessation of LIBOR. We use service providers to validate the fair values of certain financial instruments. We are not aware of those service providers accounting for the cessation of LIBOR in their pricing models. 
 
 The process of transition involves operational risks. References to USD-LIBOR may be embedded in computer code or models, and we may not identify and correct all of those references. Because compounded SOFR is backward-looking rather than forward-looking, parties making or receiving USD-LIBOR-based payments may be unable to calculate payment amounts until the day that payment is due. Proposed mechanisms to solve the operational timing issue may result in a payment amount that does not fully reflect interest rates during the calculation period. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE HOTEL INDUSTRY 
 
 Our hotels are subject to general hotel industry operating risks, which may impact our ability to make distributions to shareholders. 
 
 Our hotels are subject to all operating risks common to the hotel industry. The hotel industry has previously experienced, and is currently experiencing, volatility, as have, and are, our hotels, and there can be no assurance that such volatility will subside or not occur in the future. These risks include, among other things: competition from other hotels; over-building in the hotel industry that could adversely affect hotel revenues and hotel values; increases in operating costs due to inflation, labor shortages and other factors, which may not be offset by increased room rates; reduction in business and commercial travel and tourism, including as a result of legislation, executive policies or pandemics such as COVID-19; strikes and other labor disturbances of hotel employees; increases in energy costs and other expenses of travel; civil unrest; adverse effects of general and local economic conditions; and adverse political conditions. Certain of these factors have reduced, and may continue to reduce, revenues of our hotels, or increase operating expenses of our hotels, which has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Our hotels are geographically concentrated in a limited number of markets and, accordingly, we could be disproportionately harmed by adverse changes to these markets, natural disasters, climate change and related regulations, or terrorist attacks. 
 
 17 

A significant portion of our room count is located in a concentrated number of markets that exposes us to greater risk to local economic or business conditions, changes in hotel supply in these markets, and other conditions than more geographically diversified hotel companies. An economic downturn, an increase in hotel supply, a force majeure event, a natural disaster, changing weather patterns and other physical effects of climate change (including supply chain disruptions), a terrorist attack or similar event in any one of these markets likely would cause a decline in the hotel market and adversely affect occupancy rates, the financial performance of our hotels in these markets and our overall results of operations, which could be material, and could significantly increase our costs. 
 
 Over time, our hotel properties located in coastal markets and other areas that may be impacted by climate change are expected to experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea-levels causing damage to our hotel properties, while hotels in other markets may experience prolonged variations in temperature or precipitation that may limit access to the water needed to operate our hotel properties, increasing operating costs at our hotels, such as the cost of water or energy, and requiring us to expend funds as we seek to repair and protect our hotels against such risks. The effects of climate change may also affect our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable in areas most vulnerable to such events. There can be no assurance that climate change will not have a material adverse effect on our hotels, operations or business. 
 
 Difficult economic conditions may continue to adversely affect the hotel industry. 
 
 Our financial performance is subject to global and regional economic conditions and their impact on levels of discretionary business and consumer spending. Some of the factors that have an impact on discretionary spending include general economic conditions, GDP growth, worldwide or regional recession, corporate earnings and investment, unemployment, consumer debt, reductions in net worth, taxation, inflation, energy prices, interest rates, consumer confidence, tariffs, and other macroeconomic factors. Downturns in worldwide or regional economic conditions, such as fluctuation in interest rates, have led to a general decrease in transient business, group business, leisure travel and travel spending, and similar downturns in the future may materially adversely impact demand for our hotels and resorts. A continuing shift in consumer behavior would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 The value of our hotels depends on conditions beyond our control. 
 
 Our hotels are subject to varying degrees of risk generally incident to the ownership of hotels. The underlying value of our hotels, our income and ability to make distributions to our shareholders are dependent upon the operation of the hotels in a manner sufficient to maintain or increase revenues in excess of operating expenses. Hotel revenues may be adversely affected by adverse changes in national economic conditions, adverse changes in local market conditions due to changes in general or local economic conditions and neighborhood characteristics, competition from other hotels, changes in interest rates and in the availability, cost and terms of mortgage funds, the impact of present or future environmental legislation and compliance with environmental laws, the ongoing need for capital improvements, particularly in older structures, changes in real estate tax rates and other operating expenses, adverse changes in governmental rules and fiscal policies, civil unrest, acts of terrorism, acts of God, including earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters, acts of war, adverse changes in zoning laws, pandemics and epidemics such as COVID-19 and other factors that are beyond our control. In particular, general and local economic conditions (i) have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and (ii) may be adversely affected by terrorist incidents, which may target cities where many of our hotels are located. Our management is unable to determine the long-term impact, if any, of these incidents or of any acts of war or terrorism in the United States or worldwide, on the U.S. economy, on us or our hotels or on the market price of our securities. 
 
 Our investments are focused in a concentrated segment of the hotel industry. 
 
 Our primary business strategy is to continue to acquire high quality, upper-upscale, and upscale limited service in metropolitan markets with high barriers to entry including New York, Washington DC, Boston, Philadelphia, South Florida, and California, and other markets with similar characteristics. We are subject to risks inherent in concentrating investments in a single industry and in a specific market segment within that industry. The adverse effect on amounts available for distribution to shareholders resulting from a downturn in the hotel industry in general or the mid-scale segment in particular has been, and may continue to be, more pronounced than if we had diversified our investments outside of the hotel industry or in additional hotel market segments. 
 
 Operating costs and capital expenditures for hotel renovation may be greater than anticipated and may adversely impact distributions to shareholders. 
 
 18 

Hotels generally have an ongoing need for renovations and other capital improvements, particularly in older structures, including periodic replacement of furniture, fixtures and equipment. Under the terms of our management agreements, we generally are obligated to pay the cost of expenditures for items that are classified as capital items under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") that are necessary for the continued operation of our hotels. 
 
 If these expenses exceed our expectations, the additional cost could have an adverse effect on amounts available for distribution to shareholders. In addition, we may acquire hotels in the future that require significant renovation. Renovation of hotels involves certain risks, including the possibility of environmental problems, construction cost overruns and delays, uncertainties as to market demand or deterioration in market demand after commencement of renovation and the emergence of unanticipated competition from hotels. 
 
 Risks of operating hotels under franchise licenses, which may be terminated or not renewed, may impact our ability to make distributions to shareholders. 
 
 The continuation of our franchise licenses is subject to specified operating standards and other terms and conditions. All of the franchisors of our hotels periodically inspect our hotels to confirm adherence to their operating standards. The failure to maintain such standards or to adhere to such other terms and conditions could result in the loss or cancellation of the applicable franchise license. It is possible that a franchisor could condition the continuation of a franchise license on the completion of capital improvements that our trustees determine are too expensive or otherwise not economically feasible in light of general economic conditions, the operating results or prospects of the affected hotel. In that event, our trustees may elect to allow the franchise license to lapse or be terminated. 
 
 There can be no assurance that a franchisor will renew a franchise license at each option period. If a franchisor terminates a franchise license, we may be unable to obtain a suitable replacement franchise, or to successfully operate the hotel independent of a franchise license. The loss of a franchise license could have a material adverse effect upon the operations or the underlying value of the related hotel because of the loss of associated name recognition, marketing support and centralized reservation systems provided by the franchisor. Our loss of a franchise license for one or more of the hotels could have a material adverse effect on our partnership s revenues and our amounts available for distribution to shareholders. 
 
 The seasonal and cyclical nature of the hotel industry may cause fluctuations in our operating performance, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The hotel industry is seasonal in nature. Generally, in certain markets we operate, hotel revenues are greater in the second, third quarter, and fourth quarters than in the first quarter. Revenues for hotels and resorts in tourist areas generally are substantially greater during tourist season than other times of the year. Our hotels operations historically reflect this trend in these markets. As a result, our results of operations may vary on a quarterly basis, impairing comparability of operating data and financial performance on a quarter to quarter basis. 
 
 Additionally, the hotel industry historically has been, and continues to be, highly cyclical in nature. Fluctuations in lodging demand and, therefore, operating performance, are caused largely by general economic and local market conditions, which subsequently affect levels of business and leisure travel. In addition to general economic conditions, new hotel room supply is an important factor that can affect the hotel industry's performance, and overbuilding has the potential to further exacerbate the negative impact of an economic recession. Room rates and occupancy, and thus RevPAR, tend to increase when demand growth exceeds supply growth. We can provide no assurances regarding whether, or the extent to which, lodging demand will rebound or whether any such rebound will be sustained. An adverse change in lodging fundamentals could result in returns that are substantially below our expectations or result in losses, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The increasing use of Internet travel intermediaries by consumers may materially and adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 Although a majority of rooms sold on the Internet are sold through websites maintained by the hotel franchisors and managers, some of our hotel rooms will be booked through Internet travel intermediaries. These Internet travel intermediaries may purchase rooms at a negotiated discount from participating hotels, which could result in lower room rates than the franchisor or manager otherwise could have obtained. As these Internet bookings increase, these intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions, reduced room rates or other significant contract concessions from us and any hotel management companies that we engage. Moreover, some of these Internet travel intermediaries are attempting to offer hotel rooms as a commodity, by increasing the importance of price and general indicators of quality, such as "three-star downtown hotel," at the expense of brand identification or quality of product or service. If consumers develop brand loyalties to Internet reservations systems rather than to the brands under which our hotels are franchised, the value of our hotels 
 19 

could deteriorate and our business could be materially and adversely affected. Although most of the business for our hotels is expected to be derived from traditional channels, if the amount of sales made through Internet intermediaries increases significantly, room revenues may flatten or decrease and our profitability may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The need for business-related travel and, thus, demand for rooms in our hotels may be materially and adversely affected by the increased use of business-related technology. 
 
 The increased use of teleconference and video-conference technology by businesses could result in decreased business travel as companies increase the use of technologies that allow multiple parties from different locations to participate at meetings without traveling to a centralized meeting location, such as our hotels. To the extent that such technologies play an increased role in day-to-day business and the necessity for business-related travel decreases, demand for our hotel rooms may decrease and we could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The growing use of non-franchisor lodging distribution channels could adversely affect the Company's business and profitability. 
 
 Although a majority of rooms sold are sold through the hotel franchisors' distribution channels, a growing number of the Company's hotel rooms are sold through other channels or intermediaries. Rooms sold through non-franchisors' channels are generally less profitable (after associated fees) than rooms sold through franchisors' channels. Although the Company's franchisors may have established agreements with many of these alternative channels or intermediaries that limit transaction fees for hotels, there can be no assurance that the Company's franchisors will be able to renegotiate such agreements upon their expiration with terms as favorable as the provisions that exist today. Moreover, alternative channels or intermediaries may employ aggressive marketing strategies, including expending significant resources for online and television advertising campaigns to drive consumers to their websites. As a result, consumers may develop brand loyalties to the intermediaries' offered brands, websites and reservations systems rather than to those of the Company's franchisors. If this happens, the Company's business and profitability may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Future terrorist attacks or changes in terror alert levels could adversely affect travel and hotel demand. 
 
 Previous terrorist attacks and subsequent terrorist alerts have adversely affected the U.S. travel and hospitality industries in prior years, often disproportionately to the effect on the overall economy. The impact that terrorist attacks in the U.S. or elsewhere could have on domestic and international travel and our business in particular cannot be determined but any such attacks or the threat of such attacks could have a material adverse effect on our business, our ability to finance our business, our ability to insure our properties and our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and performance. Future pandemics may also have adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and performance. 
 
 The global pandemic caused by COVID-19 had a severe and negative impact on both the U.S. economy and the global economy. Financial markets experienced significant volatility during 2020, 2021, and 2022 which may continue over upcoming quarters. Globally and throughout the United States, federal, state, and local governments instituted quarantines, domestic and international travel restrictions and advisories, school closings, "shelter in place" orders, social distancing efforts, limits on gathering size and restrictions on types of businesses that may continue operations. These restrictions had a severe impact on the U.S. lodging industry. Many of our hotels suspended operations while others operated at a significantly reduced occupancy. 
 
 During the first half of 2020 as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we had temporarily closed certain of our hotels while our remaining hotels operated in a significantly reduced capacity. All of our hotels were reopened or disposed of by the end of the second quarter of 2021; however, future significant decreases in demand may lead to future closings. 
 
 The following factors should be considered because the COVID-19 pandemic significantly adversely affected the ability of our hotel managers to successfully operate our hotels and had a significant adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows due to, among other factors: 
 20 

a complete suspension or significant reduction of operations at many of our properties, including our largest concentration of properties in New York City, which was disproportionately adversely affected by COVID-19; 
 
 a variety of factors related to the coronavirus caused a sharp decline in group, business and leisure travel, including but not limited to (i) restrictions on travel mandated by governmental entities or voluntarily imposed by employers, (ii) the postponement or cancellation of conventions and conferences, music and arts festivals, sporting events and other large public gatherings, (iii) the closure of amusement parks, museums and other tourist attractions, (iv) the closure of colleges and universities, and (v) negative public perceptions of travel and public gatherings in light of the perceived risks associated with COVID-19; 
 
 travelers have been, and may be in the future, wary to travel where, or because, they may view the risk of contagion as increased and contagion or virus-related deaths linked or alleged to be linked to travel to our properties, whether accurate or not, may injure our reputation; 

the reduced economic activity could also result in an economic recession, and increased unemployment, which could negatively impact future ability or desire to travel lodging demand and, therefore, our revenues, even when temporary restrictions are not in place; 
 
 a decrease in the ancillary revenue from amenities at our properties; 
 
 the financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has (i) negatively impacted our compliance with covenants in certain debt obligations, triggering cash management provisions provided for in one mortgage; 
 
 a potential decline in asset values at one or more of our properties encumbered by mortgage debt, which could inhibit our ability to successfully refinance one or more such properties, result in a default under the applicable mortgage debt agreement and potentially cause the acceleration of such indebtedness; 
 
 difficulty in accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may affect our access to capital; 
 
 the general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions adversely affecting our ability to acquire additional properties; 
 
 the potential negative impact on the health of our personnel, particularly if a significant number of them are impacted, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during and after this disruption; 
 
 we may be subject to increased risks related to employee matters, including increased employment litigation and claims for severance or other benefits tied to termination or furloughs as a result of hotel closures or reduced operations prompted by the effects of the pandemic; 
 
 employee or guest assertions that our properties were not adequately cleaned or that adequate safeguards were not in place to prevent contact with employees or guests may result in liabilities; and 
 
 the reduction in our cash flows, prohibitions contained in our Credit Agreements (as defined below) and, with respect to our common dividends, the terms of our declaration of trust designating our preferred shares, previously caused the indefinite suspension of dividends and could impact our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders at expected levels in the future. 

An outbreak of another disease or similar public health threat, similar to the COVID-19 pandemic, or fear of such an event, that affects travel demand, travel behavior or travel restrictions could have a material adverse impact on the Company's business, financial condition and operating results. Outbreaks of other diseases could also result in increased government restrictions and regulation, such as those actions described above or otherwise, which could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 
 
 Noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations could subject us to fines and liabilities which could adversely 
 affect our operating results. 
 
 Our hotel properties are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws. Under these laws, courts and 
 government agencies have the authority to require us, as an owner of a contaminated property, to clean up the property, even if we did not know of or were not responsible for the contamination. These laws also apply to persons who owned a property at the time it became contaminated, and therefore it is possible we could incur cleanup costs even after we sell some of the properties we acquire. In addition to cleanup costs, environmental contamination can affect the value of a property and, therefore, an owner's ability to borrow funds using the property as collateral or to sell the property. Under 
 21 

environmental laws, courts and government agencies also have the authority to require that a person who sent waste to a waste disposal facility, such as a landfill or an incinerator, pay for the clean-up of that facility if it becomes contaminated and threatens human health or the environment. A person that arranges for the disposal or transports for disposal or treatment of a hazardous substance at a property owned by another may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous substances released into the environment at that property. 
 
 Furthermore, various court decisions have established that third parties may recover damages for injury caused by 
 property contamination. For instance, a person exposed to asbestos while staying in a hotel may seek to recover damages if they suffer injury from the asbestos. Also, some of these environmental laws restrict the use of a property or place conditions on various activities. An example would be laws requiring a business to use chemicals (such as swimming pool chemicals at a hotel property) to manage them carefully and notify local officials that the chemicals are being used. 
 
 We could be responsible for any of the costs discussed above. The costs to clean up a contaminated property, to defend 
 against a claim, or to comply with environmental laws could be material and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, the market price of our common shares and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. As a result, we may become subject to material environmental liabilities. We can make no assurances that future laws or regulations will not impose material environmental liabilities or that the current environmental condition of our hotel properties will not be affected by the condition of the properties in the vicinity of our hotel properties (such as the presence of leaking underground storage tanks) or by third parties unrelated to us. 
 
 The costs of compliance with or liabilities under environmental laws could significantly reduce our profitability. 
 
 Operating expenses at our hotels could be higher than anticipated due to the cost of complying with existing or future environmental laws and regulations. In addition, an owner of real property can face liability for environmental contamination created by the presence or discharge of hazardous substances on the property. We may face liability regardless of: our lack of knowledge of the contamination; the timing of the contamination; the cause of the contamination; or the party responsible for the contamination of the property. Environmental laws also impose ongoing compliance requirements on owners and operators of real property. Environmental laws potentially affecting us address a wide variety of matters, including, but not limited to, asbestos-containing building materials ("ACBMs"), storage tanks, storm water and wastewater discharges, lead-based paint, mold/mildew and hazardous wastes. Failure to comply with these laws could result in fines and penalties and/or expose us to third-party liability. Some of our properties may have conditions that are subject to these requirements, and we could be liable for such fines or penalties and/or liable to third parties. Certain hotel properties we own or may own in the future may contain, or may have contained, ACBMs. Environmental laws require that ACBMs be properly managed and maintained and may impose fines and penalties on building owners and operators for failure to comply with these requirements. Also, certain properties may be adjacent or near other properties that have contained or currently contain storage tanks for the storage of petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances. These operations create a potential for the release of petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances. Third parties may be permitted by law to seek recovery from owners or operators for property damage and/or personal injury associated with exposure to contaminants, including, but not limited to, petroleum products, hazardous or toxic substances and asbestos fibers. Material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may arise after the future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material additional environmental liability. We cannot assure you that costs of future environmental compliance will not affect our ability to make distributions to our shareholders or that such costs or other remedial measures will not be material to us. The presence of hazardous substances on a property may limit our ability to sell the property on favorable terms or at all, and we may incur substantial remediation costs. The discovery of material environmental liabilities at our properties could subject us to unanticipated significant costs, which could significantly reduce our profitability and the cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 
 We face risks associated with the use of debt, including covenant compliance and refinancing risk. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had outs tanding debt of approximately 633,281. We may borrow additional amounts from the same or other lenders in the future. Any future repurchases of our own shares may require additional borrowings. Some of these additional borrowings may be secured by our hotels. Our declaration of trust (as amended and restated, our Declaration of Trust does not limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet our debt service obligations and, to the extent that we cannot, we risk the loss of some or all of our hotels to foreclosure. Our indebtedness contains various financial and non-financial events of default covenants customarily found in financing arrangements. Our mortgages payable typically require that specified debt service coverage ratios be maintained with respect to the financed properties before we can exercise certain rights under the loan agreements relating to such properties. If the specified criteria are not satisfied, the lender may be able to escrow cash flow from the applicable hotels. 
 
 22 

It is possible that we could fail certain financial covenants within certain property-level mortgage borrowings or under our Credit Facility within the next twelve months. For mortgages with financial covenants, the lenders' remedy of a covenant failure would be a requirement to escrow funds for the purpose of meeting our future debt payment obligations. 
 
 Additionally, our indebtedness has had and may continue to have significant effects on our business. For example, it could: 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, our strategic growth initiatives and development efforts and general corporate purposes; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 restrict us from exploiting business opportunities; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness; and 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other general corporate purposes. 
 
 Our ability to repay the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic, the responses thereto and the effects thereof, and our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not continue to maintain sufficient cash reserves, our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures, and our cash needs may increase. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets (even at unfavorable prices), restructuring debt, obtaining waivers with respect to our debt or obtaining additional debt financing or equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. In addition, any of our future debt agreements may contain restrictive covenants that may prohibit us from adopting any of these alternatives. Our failure to comply with our debt covenants, or obtain waivers with respect thereto, could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in acceleration of our debt. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately determine our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, our shareholders could lose confidence in our financial results, which could harm our business and the value of our common shares. 
 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We may in the future discover areas of our internal controls that need improvement. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal controls over financial reporting and have our independent auditors annually issue their own opinion on our internal controls over financial reporting. Although we currently believe that we have effective internal controls, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in maintaining adequate internal controls over our financial reporting and financial processes. Furthermore, as we grow our business, our internal controls will become more complex, and we will require significantly more resources to ensure our internal controls remain effective. If we or our independent auditors discover a material weakness, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could reduce the market value of our common shares. Additionally, the existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency would require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies and management may not be able to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in a timely manner. 
 
 The impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the global economy is uncertain, but may prove to negatively impact our business and operations. 
 
 While the Company does not have any material business, operations or assets in Russia, Belarus or Ukraine, and has not been materially impacted by the actions of the Russian government at this time, the short and long-term implications of Russia's invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict. We continue to monitor any adverse impact that the outbreak of war in Ukraine and the subsequent institution of sanctions against Russia by the United States and several European and Asian countries may have on the global economy in general, on our business and operations and on the businesses and operations of our suppliers and customers. To the extent the war in Ukraine may adversely affect our business, it may also have the 
 23 

effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein, such as those relating to information technology and market conditions, any of which could negatively affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 We do not operate our hotels and, as a result, we do not have complete control over implementation of our strategic decisions. 
 
 In order for us to satisfy certain REIT qualification rules, we cannot directly or indirectly operate or manage any of our hotels. Instead, we must engage an independent management company to operate our hotels. As of December 31, 2022, our TRSs and our joint venture partnerships have engaged independent management companies as the property managers for all of our wholly owned hotels leased to our TRSs and the respective hotels for the joint ventures, as required by the REIT qualification rules. The management companies operating the hotels make and implement strategic business decisions with respect to these hotels, such as decisions with respect to the repositioning of a franchise or food and beverage operations and other similar decisions. Decisions made by the management companies operating the hotels may not be in the best interests of a particular hotel or of the Company. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that the management companies will operate our hotels in a manner that is in our best interests. In addition, the financial condition of the management companies could impact their future ability to operate our hotels. 
 
 Most of our hotels are located in major gateway urban markets in the United States with many located in the area from Washington, DC to Boston, MA, including New York City, which may increase the effect of any regional or local events or conditions. 
 
 Most of our hotels are located in major gateway urban markets in the United States, with many located in the area from Washington, DC to Boston, MA. As a result, regional or localized adverse events or conditions, such as an economic recession or pandemic, in any of these major gateway urban markets could have a significant adverse effect on our operations, and ultimately on the amounts available for distribution to shareholders. 
 
 Specifically, a significant portion of our portfolio is concentrated in New York City. The operations of our consolidated portfolio of hotels in New York City will have a material impact on our overall results of operations. Concentration risk with respect to our ownership of hotels in the New York City market may lead to increased volatility in our overall results of operations. Our overall results of operations may be adversely affected and our ability to pay distributions to our shareholders could be negatively impacted in the event: 
 downturns in lodging fundamentals may be and in some cases in the past have been more severe or prolonged in New York City compared to the United States as a whole; 

negative economic conditions are more severe or prolonged in New York City compared to other areas, due to concentration of the financial industry in New York or otherwise; 

as new hotel supply enters the New York City market, this could impact our ability to grow ADR and RevPar as a result of the new supply; or 

New York City is impacted by other unforeseen events beyond our control, including, among others, terrorist attacks and travel related health concerns including pandemics and epidemics. 
 
 [ 
 As of December 31, 2022, New York City continues to be significantly adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic disproportionately compared to other cities in the U.S. and across the globe. Because of the disproportionate impact, the economic recovery following the COVID-19 pandemic may be delayed more in New York City than in other parts of the country, which may cause reduced demand for hotels there. Therefore, our concentration of assets in New York City may have an adverse impact on the fair value of our assets, our results of operations, our financial condition and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders at expected levels or at all. 
 
 We own a limited number of hotels and significant adverse changes at one hotel may impact our ability to make distributions to shareholders. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 22 wholly-owned limited and full service properties with a total of 3,811 rooms, 1 hotel owned through a consolidated joint venture with a total of 115 rooms, and interests in 2 limited service properties owned through joint venture investments with a total of 304 rooms. However, certain larger hotels or hotels in certain locations disproportionately impact our performance. Accordingly, significant adverse changes in the operations of 
 24 

any one of these hotels could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and on our ability to make expected distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Inflation and price volatility in the global economy could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 General inflation in the United States has risen to levels not experienced in recent decades, including rising energy prices, prices for consumer goods, interest rates, wages, and currency volatility and downgrades by rating agencies to the U.S. government's credit rating or concerns about its credit and deficit levels in general, could cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise. These increases and any fiscal or other policy interventions by the U.S. government in reaction to such events could negatively impact our business by increasing our operating costs and our borrowing costs as well as decreasing the capital. Although we have the ability to pass on these increased costs associated with providing services by adjusting room rates, the cost to operate and maintain the hotel properties could increase faster or at a rate greater than our ability to increase room rates, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, the U.S. government's credit and deficit concerns, the European sovereign debt crisis, and the potential trade war with China, could cause interest rates to be volatile, which may negatively impact our ability to access the debt markets on favorable terms. 
 
 We focus on acquiring hotels operating under a limited number of franchise brands, which creates greater risk as the investments are more concentrated. 
 
 We place particular emphasis in our acquisition strategy on hotels similar to our current hotels. We invest in hotels operating under a few select franchises and therefore will be subject to risks inherent in concentrating investments in a particular franchise brand, which could have an adverse effect on amounts available for distribution to shareholders. These risks include, among others, the risk of a reduction in hotel revenues following any adverse publicity related to a specific franchise brand or the failure of the franchisor to maintain a certain brand. 
 
 We depend on key personnel. 
 
 We depend on the services of our existing senior management team, including Jay H. Shah, Neil H. Shah, Ashish R. Parikh and Michael R. Gillespie, to carry out our business and investment strategies. As we expand, we will continue to need to attract and retain qualified additional senior management. We have employment agreements with certain of our senior management; however, the employment agreements may be terminated under certain circumstances. The termination of an employment agreement and the loss of the services of any of our key management personnel, or our inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on co-venturers financial conditions and disputes between us and our co-venturers. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had several joint ventures in which we shared ownership and decision-making power with one or more parties. Joint venture investments involve risks that may not be present with other methods of ownership, including the possibility: that our partner might become insolvent, refuse to make capital contributions when due or otherwise fail to meet its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us for guarantees and other commitments; that our partner might at any time have economic or other business interests or goals that are or become inconsistent with our interests or goals; that we could become engaged in a dispute with our partner, which could require us to expend additional resources to resolve such disputes and could have an adverse impact on the operations and profitability of the joint venture; and that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests. Our joint venture partners must agree in order for the applicable joint venture to take, or in some cases, may have control over whether the applicable joint venture will take, specific major actions, such as budget approvals, acquisitions, sales of assets, debt financing, executing lease agreements, and vendor approvals. Under these joint venture arrangements, any disagreements between us and our partners may result in delayed decisions. Our inability to take unilateral actions that we believe are in our best interests may result in missed opportunities and an ineffective allocation of resources and could have an adverse effect on the financial performance of the joint venture and our operating results. 
 
 We engage in hedging transactions to limit our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, which can result in recognizing interest expense at rates higher than the stated rates within our floating rate debt. 
 
 We enter into hedging transactions intended to protect us from the effects of interest rate fluctuations on floating rate debt. Our hedging transactions may include entering into interest rate swaps, caps, and floors, options to purchase such items, and futures and forward contracts. Hedging activities may not have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition, particularly in a declining rate environment. No hedging activity can completely insulate us 
 25 

from the risks associated with changes in interest rates. Moreover, interest rate hedging could fail to protect us or could adversely affect our operating results because, among other things: 
 Available interest rate hedging may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought; 
 
 The duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related liability; 
 
 The party at risk in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay; 
 
 The credit quality of the party owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; and 
 
 The value of derivatives used for hedging may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with accounting rules to reflect changes in fair value. 

Hedging transactions may reduce our shareholders equity. 
 
 Hedging involves risk and typically involves costs, including transaction costs, which may reduce returns on our investments. These costs increase as the period covered by the hedging increases and during periods of rising and volatile interest rates. These costs will also limit the amount of cash available for distribution to shareholders. The REIT qualification rules may also limit our ability to enter into hedging transactions. We generally intend to hedge as much of our interest rate risk as our management determines is in our best interests given the cost of such hedging transactions and the requirements applicable to REITs. If we are unable to hedge effectively because of the cost of such hedging transactions or the limitations imposed by the REIT rules, we will face greater interest risk exposure than may be commercially prudent. 
 
 We and our hotel managers rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business. 
 
 We and our hotel managers rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records, personal identifying information, reservations, billing and operating data. We and our hotel managers purchase some of our information technology from vendors, on whom our systems depend. We and our hotel managers rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential operator and other customer information, such as individually identifiable information, including information relating to financial accounts. Although we and our hotel managers have taken steps we believe are necessary to protect the security of our information systems and the data maintained in those systems, it is possible that the safety and security measures taken will not be able to prevent the systems improper functioning or damage, or the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information such as in the event of cyber-attacks. In November 2018, Marriott announced a data security incident involving a guest reservation database. Security breaches such as the one that occurred at Marriott and, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches, can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of our hotel managers carry cyber insurance policies to protect and offset a portion of potential costs incurred from a security breach. Additionally, we currently have cyber insurance policies to provide supplemental coverage. Despite various precautionary steps to protect our hotels from losses resulting from cyber-attacks, any cyber-attack occurrence could still result in losses at our properties, which could affect our results of operations. We are not aware of any cyber incidents that we believe to be material or that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We face possible risks associated with the physical effects of severe weather and climate change. 
 
 We recognize there are inherent weather and climate risks that may impact our business, including, but not limited to, storms, hurricanes, sea level rise, floods, extreme temperatures, wildfires, drought, and water stress. Climate change may increase the frequency and severity of such climate phenomenon and weather events. Should (i) weather events or (ii) the impact of climate change be severe or continue for lengthy periods of times, these risks may be exacerbated and may directly damage our hotels, disrupt hotel operations and our supply chain, reduce travel demand to affected areas, increase operating costs, and increase (or make unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable. There can be no assurance that severe weather and climate change will not have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations, or business. In addition, existing and future environmental regulations may require significant capital expenditures beyond our planned capital expenditures in order to comply with regulations enacted to address climate change. 
 26 

We may be contractually prohibited from paying dividends. 
 
 Our Credit Agreements, as amended, contain restrictions against our payment of dividends on common or preferred shares, including, in certain instances after the enhanced negative covenant period, at any time when there is an event of default under such credit agreement. There are exceptions, however, for payment of dividends necessary to maintain our REIT status as long as no payment or bankruptcy event of default has occurred and the debt has not been accelerated. Events of default under the Credit Agreements include failure to comply with various covenants, including reporting obligations and other nonmonetary obligations, as well as financial conditions that may be beyond our control. An event of default occurs as soon as the failure occurs. If an event of default has occurred and is continuing on the day when a dividend is otherwise payable on our common or preferred shares, we will be unable to pay the dividend unless the lenders on these credit agreements waive the event of default or such dividend falls within an exception as noted above. Failure to pay dividends could jeopardize our continued qualification as a REIT (causing us to be subject to corporate income tax) and could cause us to be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax. 
 
 We could experience significant increases to our operating costs or decreases in operating revenues due to labor shortages and increased employee-related costs. 
 
 The Company has experienced and may continue to experience increased operating costs due to increased labor costs. A number of factors contribute to increased labor costs, which may continue, such as a shortage of hospitality workers, increased dependence on contract workers, the loss of unvaccinated employees in jurisdictions requiring vaccination, federal unemployment subsidies, including unemployment benefits offered in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other government regulations, which include laws and regulations related to workers health and safety. These labor shortages have become more pronounced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Further, increased turnover rates within the employee base at the hotels and in our corporate offices can lead to decreased efficiency and increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees. Significant labor shortages could prohibit us from operating at our hotels at full capacity which would result in a decrease in operating revenues. Labor cost increases may continue in the future and, as a result, our profitability could decline. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT GENERALLY 
 
 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financial condition. 
 
 Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. Our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in operating, economic and other conditions will be limited. No assurances can be given that the fair market value of any of our hotels will not decrease in the future. 
 
 If we suffer losses that are not covered by insurance or that are in excess of our insurance coverage limits, we could lose investment capital and anticipated profits. 
 
 We require comprehensive insurance to be maintained on each of the our hotels, including liability and fire and extended coverage in amounts sufficient to permit the replacement of the hotel in the event of a total loss, subject to applicable deductibles. However, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, floods, hurricanes and acts of terrorism that may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors also might make it impracticable to use insurance proceeds to replace the applicable hotel after such applicable hotel has been damaged or destroyed. Under such circumstances, the insurance proceeds received by us might not be adequate to restore our economic position with respect to the applicable hotel. If any of these or similar events occur, it may reduce the return from the attached property and the value of our investment. 
 
 Real estate is subject to property taxes. 
 
 Each hotel is subject to real and personal property taxes. The real and personal property taxes on hotel properties in which we invest may increase as property tax rates change and as the properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. Many state and local governments are facing budget deficits that have led many of them, and may in the future lead others to, increase assessments and/or taxes. If property taxes increase, our operating results may be negatively affected. 
 
 Environmental matters could adversely affect our results. 
 27 

Operating costs may be affected by the obligation to pay for the cost of complying with existing environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, as well as the cost of future legislation. Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. The cost of complying with environmental laws could materially adversely affect amounts available for distribution to shareholders. Phase I environmental assessments have been obtained on all of our hotels. Nevertheless, it is possible that these reports do not reveal all environmental liabilities or that there are material environmental liabilities of which we are unaware. 
 
 Our hotel properties may contain or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediating the problem. 
 
 When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing, as exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of mold to which hotel guests or employees could be exposed at any of our properties could require us to undertake a remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected property, which could be costly. In addition, exposure to mold by guests or employees, management company employees or others could expose us to liability if property damage or health concerns arise. 
 
 Costs associated with complying with the ADA may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Under the ADA, all public accommodations are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. While we believe that our hotels are substantially in compliance with these requirements, a determination that we are not in compliance with the ADA could result in imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. In addition, changes in governmental rules and regulations or enforcement policies affecting the use and operation of the hotels, including changes to building codes and fire and life-safety codes, may occur. If we were required to make substantial modifications at the hotels to comply with the ADA or other changes in governmental rules and regulations, our ability to make expected distributions to our shareholders could be adversely affected. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 
 Due to conflicts of interest, many of our existing agreements may not have been negotiated on an arm s-length basis and may not be in our best interest. 
 
 Some of our officers and trustees have minority ownership interests in HHMLP and in entities with which we have entered into transactions, including hotel acquisitions and dispositions and certain financings. Consequently, the terms of our agreements with those entities, including hotel contribution or purchase agreements, the Option Agreement (as defined below) between our operating partnership and some of the trustees and officers and our property management agreements with HHMLP, while intended to be negotiated on an arm s-length basis, may not have been and may not be in the best interest of all our shareholders. We have policies in place to encourage agreements to be negotiated on an arm s-length basis. Transactions with related persons must be approved by a majority of the Company s independent trustees. The Board of Trustees policy requires any independent trustee with a direct or indirect interest in the transaction to excuse himself or herself from any consideration of the related person transaction in which he or she has an interest. 
 
 Conflicts of interest with HHMLP may result in decisions that do not reflect our best interests. 
 
 We have entered into an option agreement (as amended, the Option Agreement with each of our officers and certain trustees such that we obtain a right of first refusal to purchase any hotel owned or developed in the future by these individuals or entities controlled by them at fair market value. This right of first refusal would apply to each party until one year after such party ceases to be an officer or trustee of the Company. Our Acquisition Committee of the Board of Trustees is comprised solely of independent trustees, and the purchase prices and all material terms of the purchase of hotels from related parties are approved by the Acquisition Committee. 
 
 The following officers and trustees own collectively approximately 11 of HHMLP: Jay H. Shah, Neil H. Shah and Ashish R. Parikh. Conflicts of interest may arise with respect to the ongoing operation of our hotels including, but not limited to, the enforcement of the contribution and purchase agreements, the Option Agreement and our property management agreements with HHMLP. These officers and trustees also make decisions for our company with respect to property 
 28 

management. Consequently, these officers and trustees may not act solely in the best interests of our shareholders relating to property management by HHMLP. 
 
 Conflicts of interest relating to sales or refinancing of hotels acquired from some of our trustees and officers may lead to decisions that are not in our best interest. 
 
 Some of our non-independent trustees and officers have unrealized gains associated with their interests in the hotels we have acquired from them and, as a result, any sale of these hotels or refinancing or prepayment of principal on the indebtedness assumed by us in purchasing these hotels may cause adverse tax consequences to such trustees and officers. Therefore, our interests and the interests of these individuals may be different in connection with the disposition or refinancing of these hotels. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR STRUCTURE 
 
 There are no assurances of our ability to make distributions in the future. 
 
 Our ability to pay dividends has been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the risk factors described herein and in other reports filed by us with the SEC. All distributions will be made at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend upon our earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our REIT status and such other factors as our Board of Trustees may deem relevant from time to time. There are no assurances of our ability to pay dividends in the future. Furthermore, our Credit Agreements, as amended, contain prohibitions against our payment of any dividend on common or preferred shares, including at any time when there is an event of default under such credit agreement. As a result, our inability to pay dividends to our shareholders may cause us to fail the 90 distribution requirement causing us to be subject to corporate income tax and the 4 nondeductible excise tax. 
 
 Holders of our outstanding preferred shares have dividend, liquidation and other rights that are senior to the rights of the holders of our common shares. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees has the authority to designate and issue preferred shares with liquidation, dividend and other rights that are senior to those of our common shares. As of December 31, 2022, 3,000,000 Series C Preferred Shares, 7,701,700 Series D Preferred Shares and 4,001,514 Series E Preferred Shares were issued and outstanding. Holders of our outstanding preferred shares are entitled to cumulative dividends before any dividends may be declared or set aside on our common shares. Upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, before any payment is made to holders of our common shares, holders of our preferred shares are entitled to receive a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share plus any accrued and unpaid distributions. This will reduce the remaining amount of our assets, if any, available to distribute to holders of our common shares. In addition, holders of our preferred shares have the right to elect two additional trustees to our Board of Trustees whenever dividends are in arrears in an aggregate amount equivalent to six or more quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees may authorize the issuance of additional shares that may cause dilution or prevent a transaction that is in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust authorizes the Board of Trustees, without shareholder approval, to: 
 
 amend the Declaration of Trust to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of beneficial interest or the number of shares of beneficial interest of any class or series that we have the authority to issue; 
 
 cause us to issue additional authorized but unissued common shares or preferred shares; or 
 
 classify or reclassify any unissued common or preferred shares and to set the preferences, rights and other terms of such classified or reclassified shares, including the issuance of additional common shares or preferred shares that have preference rights over the common shares with respect to dividends, liquidation, voting and other matters. 

Any one of these events could cause dilution to our common shareholders, delay, deter or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for the common shares or otherwise not be viewed in the best interest of holders of common shares. 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust contains a provision that creates staggered terms for our Board of Trustees. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees is divided into two classes, the terms of which expire every two years. Trustees of each class are elected for two-year terms upon the expiration of their current terms and each year one class of trustees will be elected by 
 29 

the shareholders. The staggered terms of trustees may delay, deter or prevent a tender offer, a change in control of us or other transaction, even though such a transaction might be viewed in the best interest of the shareholders. 
 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law may discourage a third party from acquiring us. 
 
 Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, as amended (the "MGCL"), as applicable to REITs, certain business combinations (including certain issuances of equity securities) between a Maryland REIT and any person who beneficially owns ten percent or more of the voting power of the trust s shares, or an affiliate thereof, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which such shareholder acquired at least ten percent of the voting power of the trust s shares. Thereafter, any such business combination must be approved by two super-majority shareholder votes unless, among other conditions, the trust s common shareholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested shareholder for its common shares. These provisions could delay, deter or prevent a change of control or other transaction in which holders of our equity securities might receive a premium for their shares above then-current market prices or which such shareholders otherwise might believe to be in their best interests. Although our bylaws contain a provision exempting acquisitions of our shares from the control share acquisition legislation referenced above, there can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees and management make decisions on our behalf, and shareholders have limited policymaking and management rights. 
 
 Our major policies, including our policies with respect to acquisitions, financing, growth, operations, debt limitation and distributions, are determined by our Board of Trustees. The Trustees may amend or revise these and other policies from time to time without a vote of the holders of the common shares. 
 
 Under Maryland law, generally, a trustee s actions will be upheld if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinary prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. Our shareholders have no right or power to take part in our management except through the exercise of voting rights on certain specified matters. The Board of Trustees is responsible for our management and strategic business direction, and our management is responsible for our day-to-day operations. Certain policies of our Board of Trustees may not be consistent with the short-term best interests of our shareholders. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR TAX STATUS 
 
 If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, our dividends will not be deductible to us, and our income will be subject to taxation, which would reduce the cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 
 We have operated and intend to continue to operate so as to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. However, the federal income tax laws governing REITs are extremely complex, and interpretations of the federal income tax laws governing REITs are limited. Our continued qualification as a REIT will depend on our continuing ability to meet various requirements concerning, among other things, the ownership of our outstanding shares of beneficial interest, the nature of our assets, the sources of our income, and the amount of our distributions to our shareholders. Moreover, new tax legislation, administrative guidance or court decisions, in each instance potentially with retroactive effect, could make it more difficult or impossible for us to qualify as a REIT. If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and did not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to our shareholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our shareholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the value of, and trading prices for, our shares. Unless entitled to relief under certain Code provisions, we also would be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. As a result, amounts available for distribution to shareholders would be reduced for each of the years involved. Although we currently intend to continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that future economic, market, legal, tax or other considerations may cause our Board of Trustees, with the consent of holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares, to revoke our REIT election. 
 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT and avoid corporate income tax and excise tax, we must distribute annually a certain percentage of our REIT taxable income, which could require us to raise capital on terms or sell properties at prices or at times that are unfavorable. 
 
 30 

In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, each year we must distribute to our shareholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain. To the extent that we satisfy the 90 distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed income. In addition, we will incur a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which our actual distributions in any year are less than the sum of: 

85 of our REIT ordinary income for that year; 

95 of our REIT capital gain net income for that year; and 

100 of our undistributed taxable income required to be distributed from prior years. 

Historically, we have distributed our taxable income to our shareholders in a manner intended to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4 nondeductible excise tax. Differences in timing between the recognition of income and the related cash receipts, limitations on our ability or the ability of our subsidiaries to deduct interest expense from borrowings under Section 163(i) of the Code or the effect of required debt amortization payments could require us to borrow or raise capital on terms we regard as unfavorable, or sell assets at prices or at times we regard as unfavorable to distribute out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the distribution requirement and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4 nondeductible excise tax in a particular year. In the past we have borrowed, and in the future we may borrow, to pay distributions to our shareholders and the limited partners of our operating partnership. Such borrowings subject us to risks from borrowing as described herein. Additionally, we may, if necessary and allowable, pay taxable dividends of our shares to meet the distribution requirements. 
 
 If the leases of our hotels to our TRSs are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must satisfy two gross income tests, under which specified percentages of our gross income must be derived from certain sources, such as rents from real property. Rents paid to our operating partnership by our TRSs pursuant to the lease of our hotels constitute substantially all of our gross income. In order for such rent to qualify as rents from real property for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes and not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. If our leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Our ownership of our TRSs is limited and our transactions with our TRSs will cause us to be subject to a 100 penalty tax on certain income or deductions if those transactions are not conducted on arm's-length terms. 
 
 A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one or more TRSs. A TRS may hold assets and earn income that would not be qualifying assets or income if held or earned directly by a REIT, including gross operating income from hotel operations pursuant to hotel management contracts. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. A corporation of which a TRS directly or indirectly owns more than 35 of the voting power or value of the stock will automatically be treated as a TRS. Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT's assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. In addition, the TRS rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to its parent REIT to assure that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation, and in certain circumstances, other limitations on the deductibility of interest may apply. The rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm's-length basis. 
 
 Our TRSs are subject to applicable federal, foreign, state and local income tax on their taxable income, and their after-tax net income will be available for distribution to us but is not required to be distributed to us. We believe that the aggregate value of the stock and securities of our TRSs is and will continue to be less than 20 of the value of our total assets (including our TRS stock and securities). Furthermore, we will monitor the value of our respective investments in our TRSs for the purpose of ensuring compliance with TRS ownership limitations. In addition, we will scrutinize all of our transactions with our TRSs to ensure that they are entered into on arm's-length terms to avoid incurring the 100 excise tax described above. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the 20 limitation discussed above or to avoid application of the 100 excise tax discussed above. 
 
 If our hotel managers do not qualify as eligible independent contractors, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Rent paid by a lessee that is a related party tenant of ours will not be qualifying income for purposes of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs. We lease our hotels to our TRSs. A TRS will not be treated as a related party tenant, and 
 31 

will not be treated as directly operating a lodging facility, which is prohibited, to the extent the TRS leases properties from us that are managed by an eligible independent contractor. 
 
 We believe that the rent paid by our TRSs is qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests and that our TRSs qualify to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries for federal income tax purposes, but there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, will not challenge this treatment or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS successfully challenged this treatment, we would likely fail to satisfy the asset tests applicable to REITs and substantially all of our income would fail to qualify for the gross income tests. If we failed to satisfy either the asset or gross income tests, we would likely lose our REIT qualification for federal income tax purposes, unless certain relief provisions applied. 
 
 If our hotel managers do not qualify as eligible independent contractors, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. Each of the hotel management companies that enters into a management contract with our TRSs must qualify as an eligible independent contractor under the REIT rules in order for the rent paid to us by our TRSs to be qualifying income for our REIT income test requirements. Among other requirements, in order to qualify as an eligible independent contractor a manager must not own more than 35 of our outstanding shares (by value) and no person or group of persons can own more than 35 of our outstanding shares and the ownership interests of the manager, taking into account only owners of more than 5 of our shares and, with respect to ownership interests in such managers that are publicly traded, only holders of more than 5 of such ownership interests. Complex ownership attribution rules apply for purposes of these 35 thresholds. Although we intend to continue to monitor ownership of our shares by our hotel managers and their owners, there can be no assurance that these ownership levels will not be exceeded. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to sell otherwise attractive investments. 
 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must satisfy certain requirements with respect to the character of our assets. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct such failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter (by, possibly, selling assets notwithstanding their prospects as an investment) to avoid losing our REIT status. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, and the failure exceeds a de minimis threshold, we may be able to preserve our REIT status if (a) the failure was due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, (b) we dispose of the assets causing the failure within six months after the last day of the quarter in which we identified the failure, (c) we file a schedule with the IRS, describing each asset that caused the failure, and (d) we pay an additional tax of the greater of 50,000 or the product of the highest applicable tax rate multiplied by the net income generated on those assets. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 
 
 The prohibited transactions tax may limit our ability to engage in transactions, including dispositions of assets that would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 A REIT's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We may be subject to the prohibited transaction tax upon a disposition of real property. Although a safe harbor to the characterization of the sale of real property by a REIT as a prohibited transaction is available, we cannot assure you that we can comply with the safe harbor or that we will avoid owning property that may be characterized as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Consequently, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of real property or may conduct such sales through a TRS. 
 
 We may pay taxable dividends partly in shares and partly in cash,in which case shareholders may sell our shares to pay tax on such dividends, placing downward pressure on the market price of our shares . 
 
 We may make taxable dividends that are payable partly in cash and partly in shares. Under IRS Revenue Procedure 2017-45, as a publicly offered REIT, as long as at least 20 of the total dividend is available in cash and certain other requirements are satisfied, the IRS will treat the share distribution as a dividend (to the extent applicable rules treat such distribution as being made out of our earnings and profits). This threshold has been temporarily reduced in the past and may be reduced in the future by IRS guidance. If in the future we choose to pay dividends in our own shares, our shareholders may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash that they receive. If a U.S. shareholder sells the shares that it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our shares at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to certain non-U.S. shareholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in shares. If we pay dividends in our own shares and a significant number of our shareholders sell our shares in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our shares. 
 
 32 

Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 
 The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to certain non-corporate U.S. holders is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced qualified dividend rates. For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, non-corporate taxpayers may deduct up to 20 of certain pass-through business income, including qualified REIT dividends (generally, dividends received by a REIT shareholder that are not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income), subject to certain limitations, resulting in an effective maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 29.6 on such income. Although the reduced U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income does not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends and the reduced corporate tax rate (currently 21 could cause certain non-corporate investors to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our shares. 
 
 Our share ownership limitation may prevent certain transfers of our shares. 
 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares of beneficial interest may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities). Our Declaration of Trust prohibits direct or indirect ownership (taking into account applicable ownership provisions of the Code) of more than (a) 9.9 of the aggregate number of outstanding common shares of any class or series or (b) 9.9 of the aggregate number of outstanding preferred shares of any class or series of outstanding preferred shares by any shareholder or group, or the Ownership Limitation. Generally, the shares of beneficial interest owned by related owners will be aggregated for purposes of the Ownership Limitation. The Board of Trustees, upon receipt of advice of counsel or other evidence satisfactory to the Board of Trustees, in its sole and absolute discretion, may exempt a shareholder from the Ownership Limitation. The Ownership Limitation could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control or other transaction in which holders of shares might receive a premium for their shares over the then prevailing market price or which such holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interests. Any transfer of shares of beneficial interest that would violate the Ownership Limitation, cause us to have fewer than 100 shareholders, cause us to be closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code or cause us to own, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the ownership interest in any tenant (other than a TRS) will be void, the intended transferee of such shares will be deemed never to have had an interest in such shares, and such shares will be designated shares-in-trust. Further, we will be deemed to have been offered shares-in-trust for purchase at the lesser of the market price (as defined in the Declaration of Trust) on the date we accept the offer and the price per share in the transaction that created such shares-in-trust (or, in the case of a gift, devise or non-transfer event (as defined in the Declaration of Trust), the market price on the date of such gift, devise or non-transfer event). Therefore, the holder of shares of beneficial interest in excess of the Ownership Limitation will experience a financial loss when such shares are purchased by us, if the market price falls between the date of purchase and the date of redemption. 
 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could reduce the market price of our shares. 
 
 At any time, the federal income tax laws governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended. We cannot predict when or if any new federal income tax law, regulation, or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective and any such law, regulation, or interpretation may take effect retroactively. Additional changes to the tax laws are likely to continue to occur. We cannot predict the long-term effect of any recent changes or any future law changes on REITs and their shareholders. We and our shareholders could be adversely affected by any such change in, or any new, federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation. 
 
 The federal income tax laws governing REITs are complex. 
 
 The REIT qualification requirements are extremely complex and interpretations of the federal income laws governing qualification as a REIT are limited. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in operating so we can continue to qualify as a REIT. At any time, new laws, interpretations, or court decisions may change the federal tax laws or the federal income tax consequences of our qualification as a REIT. 
 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 
 An increase in market interest rates may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 
 
 33 

One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our securities is our dividend rate as a percentage of our share or unit price, relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective investors may desire a higher dividend or interest rate on our securities or seek securities paying higher dividends or interest. The market price of our common shares likely will be based primarily on the earnings and return that we derive from our investments and income with respect to our properties and our related distributions to shareholders, and not from the market value or underlying appraised value of the properties or investments themselves. The market price of our preferred shares is based in large part on prevailing interest rates. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and capital market conditions can affect the market price of our common shares and preferred shares. For instance, if interest rates rise without an increase in our dividend rate, the market price of our common shares could decrease because potential investors may require a higher dividend yield on our common shares as market rates on interest-bearing securities, such as bonds, rise. In addition, rising interest rates would result in increased interest expense on our variable rate debt, thereby adversely affecting cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay dividends. 
 
 Future offerings of equity securities, which would dilute our existing shareholders and may be senior to our common shares for the purposes of dividend distributions, may adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 
 
 In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making additional offerings of equity securities, including classes of preferred or common shares. Upon liquidation, holders of our preferred shares and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our common shares. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing shareholders or reduce the market price of our common shares, or both. Our preferred shares could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividend payments that could limit our ability to make a dividend distribution to the holders of our common shares. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, our shareholders bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common shares and diluting their share holdings in us. 
 
 The market price of our securities has been, and may continue to be, volatile and has declined, and may continue to decline, which may result in a substantial or complete loss of your investment in our securities. 
 
 The stock markets have previously and recently experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. As a result, the market price of our securities has been and could be similarly volatile in the future, and investors in our securities may experience a decrease in the value of their investments, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. The market price of our securities could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors, including: 
 
 our operating performance and the performance of other similar companies; 
 
 actual or anticipated differences in our operating results; 
 
 changes in our revenues or earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; publication of research reports about us or our industry by securities analysts; 
 
 additions and departures of key personnel; 
 
 strategic decisions by us or our competitors, such as mergers and acquisitions, divestments, spin-offs, joint ventures, strategic investments or changes in business strategy; 
 
 the passage of legislation or other regulatory developments or executive policies that adversely affect us or our industry; 
 
 speculation in the press or investment community; actions by institutional shareholders; 
 
 changes in accounting principles; 
 
 terrorist acts; 
 
 general market conditions, including factors unrelated to our performance; and 
 
 pandemics and epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and the related governmental and economic responses thereto. 
 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources. 
 
 Future sales of our common shares, preferred shares, or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common shares could depress the market price of our common shares. 
 
 34 

We cannot predict whether future sales of our common shares, preferred shares, or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common shares or the availability of these securities for resale in the open market will decrease the market price of our common shares. Sales of a substantial number of these securities in the public market, including sales upon the redemption of Common Units held by the limited partners of our operating partnership, (other than us and our subsidiaries) or the perception that these sales might occur, may cause the market price of our common shares to decline and you could lose all or a portion of your investment. 
 
 Future issuances of our common shares, preferred shares, or other securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common shares, including, without limitation, common units of beneficial interest in our Operating Partnership Common Units ), in connection with property, portfolio or business acquisitions and issuances of equity-based awards to participants in our equity incentive plans, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common shares. Future issuances of these securities also could adversely affect the terms upon which we obtain additional capital through the sale of equity securities. In addition, future sales or issuances of our common shares may be dilutive to existing shareholders. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 35 

Item 2. Properties 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the 22 hotels we wholly-owned and 1 hotel owned within our consolidated joint venture as of December 31, 2022, all of which are consolidated on the Company s financial statements. Market Name Location Year Opened Number of Rooms Boston Urban and Metro The Envoy, Boston Seaport Boston, MA 2015 136 The Boxer, Boston Boston, MA 2004 80 Mystic Marriott Hotel Spa Groton, CT 2001 285 California The Ambrose Hotel, Santa Monica Santa Monica, CA 2015 77 The Sanctuary Beach Resort Monterey Bay, CA 2014 60 NYC Urban Hyatt Union Square Union Square, New York, NY 2013 178 Hilton Garden Inn Manhattan Midtown East Midtown East, New York, NY 2014 206 Hilton Garden Inn TriBeCa TriBeCa, New York, NY 2009 151 Hampton Inn Seaport Seaport, New York, NY 2006 65 Holiday Inn Express Chelsea Madison Square Garden, New York, NY 2006 228 Hilton Garden Inn JFK JFK Airport, New York, NY (1) 2005 192 Nu Hotel, Brooklyn Brooklyn, New York, NY 2008 93 NY-NJ Metro Hyatt House White Plains White Plains, NY 2000 187 Philadelphia The Rittenhouse Hotel Philadelphia, PA 2004 118 Philadelphia Westin Philadelphia, PA 1990 294 South Florida Cadillac Hotel Beach Club Miami, FL 2004 357 The Ritz-Carlton, Coconut Grove Coconut Grove, FL 2002 115 The Blue Moon Hotel, Miami Beach Miami, FL 2013 75 The Winter Haven Hotel, Miami Beach Miami, FL 2013 70 Parrot Key Hotel Villas Key West, FL 2013 148 Washington D.C. The Ritz-Carlton, Georgetown Georgetown, DC 2014 86 The St. Gregory Hotel, Dupont Circle Washington, DC 2014 156 Annapolis Waterfront Hotel Annapolis, MD (1) 1968 150 TOTAL ROOMS 3,507 
 (1) Our interests in these hotels are subject to ground leases which require monthly rental payment as determined by the applicable ground lease agreement. The Hilton Garden Inn JFK and Annapolis Waterfront Hotel ground lease agreements have initial terms of 99 and 50 years, including extension options, respectively, and have remaining lease terms of 78 and 42 years, respectively. 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the 2 hotels we owned through unconsolidated joint ventures with third parties as of December 31, 2022. Market Name Location Year Opened Number of Rooms HHLP Ownership in Asset Boston Holiday Inn Express South Boston, MA (1) 1998 174 50 Home2 Suites South Boston, MA (1) 2020 130 50 TOTAL ROOMS 304 
 (1) The joint ventures interests in these hotels are subject to ground leases which require monthly rental payment as determined by the applicable ground lease agreements. The Holiday Inn Express South Boston and Home2 Suites South Boston ground lease agreements both have an initial term of 90 years, including extension options. The Holiday Inn Express South Boston has a remaining lease term of 69 years and the Home2 Suites South Boston has a remaining lease term of 88 years. 
 36 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are not presently subject to any material litigation nor, to our knowledge, is any other litigation threatened against us, other than routine actions for negligence or other claims and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, some of which are expected to be covered by liability insurance and all of which collectively are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations or business or financial condition. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 37 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HT. 
 SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION 
 At December 31, 2022 we had approximately 153 shareholders of record of our common shares. Common Units (which are redeemable by holders for cash or, at our option, for common shares on a one for one basis, subject to certain limitations) were held by approximately 28 entities and persons, including our company. 
 Our Declaration of Trust, subject to certain exceptions, provides that no person may own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, more than 9.9 of the number of outstanding common shares of any class or series of common shares or the number of outstanding preferred shares of any class or series of preferred shares. For this purpose, a person includes a group and a beneficial owner as those terms are used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act. Any transfer of common or preferred shares that would result in any person owning, directly or indirectly, common or preferred shares in excess of the ownership limitation, result in the common and preferred shares being owned by fewer than 100 persons (determined without reference to any rules of attribution), result in our being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code, or cause us to own, actually or constructively, 10 or more of the ownership interests in a tenant (other than a TRS) of our or our operating partnership s real property, within the meaning of Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code, will be null and void, and the intended transferee will acquire no rights in such common or preferred shares. 
 Any person who acquires or attempts to acquire common or preferred shares in violation of the foregoing restrictions, or any person who owned common or preferred shares that were transferred to a trust, will be required to give written notice immediately to us of such event and provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such transfer on our status as a REIT. 
 In addition, our trustees, upon receipt of advice of counsel or other evidence satisfactory to the trustees, in their sole and absolute discretion, may, in their sole and absolute discretion, exempt a person from the ownership limitation under certain circumstances. The foregoing restrictions continue to apply until the trustees determine that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT and there is an affirmative vote of two-thirds of the number of common and preferred shares entitled to vote on such matter at a regular or special meeting of our shareholders. 
 All certificates representing common or preferred shares bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. 
 The restrictions on ownership and transfer described above could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control or other transaction in which holders of some, or a majority, of our common shares might receive a premium for their shares over the then-prevailing market price or which such holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interest. 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 
 See Part III, Item 12, for a description of securities authorized for issuance under our Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 DISTRIBUTION INFORMATION 
 Future distributions, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend on our actual cash flow, financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and such other factors as we may deem relevant. Our ability to make distributions will depend on our receipt of distributions from our operating partnership and lease payments from our lessees with respect to the hotels. We rely on the profitability and cashflows of our hotels to generate sufficient cash flow for distributions. Additionally, we may, if necessary and allowable, pay taxable dividends of our shares to meet the distribution requirements. 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved. 
 38 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. This section includes discussion of financial information as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and provides comparisons to the same information as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. Comparisons of 2021 financial information to the same information for 2020 can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 Certain statements appearing in this Item 7 are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Our actual results may differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results for additional information regarding our forward-looking statements. 
 BACKGROUND 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned interests in 25 hotels in major urban gateway markets including New York, Washington DC, Boston, Philadelphia, and Miami, as well as Santa Monica, Monterey Bay, and Key West. Our portfolio consists of 22 wholly-owned hotels, 1 hotel through our interest in a consolidated joint venture, and interests in 2 hotels owned through unconsolidated joint ventures. We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 1999. For purposes of the REIT qualification rules, we cannot directly operate any of our hotels. Instead, we must lease our hotels to a third party lessee or to a TRS, provided that the TRS engages an eligible independent contractor, as defined under the REIT rules, to manage the hotels. As of December 31, 2022, we have leased all of our hotels to a wholly-owned TRS, a joint venture owned TRS, or an entity owned by our wholly-owned TRS. Each of these TRS entities will pay qualifying rent, and the TRS entities have entered into management contracts with qualified independent managers, including HHMLP, with respect to our hotels. We intend to lease all newly acquired hotels to a TRS. The TRS structure enables us to participate more directly in the operating performance of our hotels. Each TRS directly receives all revenue from, and funds all expenses relating to, hotel operations of the hotels that it leases. Each TRS is also subject to income tax on its earnings. 
 COVID-19 
 We believe the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations have had, and will continue to have, a material negative impact on our financial results and liquidity, and such negative impact may continue beyond the containment of the pandemic. We have remained focused on executing expense mitigation measures and shoring up our liquidity position as we continue to face a challenging operating environment. In February 2021, the Company entered into an unsecured notes facility that provided net proceeds of 144.8 million at closing. The initial net proceeds of 144.8 million provided by this facility, along with a portion of the proceeds from asset sales, were used to repay amounts outstanding under our credit agreements, allowing us to amend our credit agreements on February 17, 2021, eliminating maturities under the credit agreements until August of 2022. On August 4, 2022, we entered into a new credit agreement which provided for a secured term loan of 400.0 million and revolving line of credit with capacity of 100,000. The proceeds from the 400.0 million term loan were used to pay off and terminate the previous credit agreement. Also on August 4, 2022, using a portion of the proceeds from hotel dispositions discussed below, we paid off the unsecured notes facility, payable at a redemption price of 104 . 
 The manner in which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic will be resolved or the manner that the hospitality and tourism industries will return to historical performance norms, and whether the economy will contract or grow are not reasonably predictable. As a result, there can be no assurances that we will be able to achieve the hotel operating metrics or the results at our properties we have forecasted. Factors that might contribute to less-than-anticipated performance include those described under the heading "Risk Factors" in this report and other documents that we may file with the SEC in the future. We will continue to cautiously monitor lodging demand and rates, our third-party hotel managers, and our performance generally. 
 39 

SUMMARY OF OPERATING RESULTS 
 The following tables outline operating results for the Company s portfolio of wholly owned hotels and those owned through joint venture interests that are consolidated in our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Common key performance metrics utilized by the lodging industry are occupancy, average daily rate ("ADR"), and revenue per available room ("RevPAR"). Occupancy is calculated as the percentage total rooms sold compared to rooms available to be sold, while ADR measures the average rate earned per occupied room, calculated as total room revenue divided by total rooms sold. RevPAR is a derivative of these two metrics which shows the total room revenue earned per room available to be sold. Management uses these metrics in comparison to other hotels in our self-defined competitive peer set within proximity to each of our hotel properties. 
 We define a comparable consolidated hotel as one that is currently consolidated, that we have owned in whole or in part for the entirety of the periods being presented, and is deemed fully operational as of the end of the period reported. Based on this definition, for the year ended December 31, 2022, there are 23 comparable consolidated hotels. 
 
 For the comparison of December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2021, comparable hotel operating results contain results from our consolidated hotels owned as of December 31, 2022, excluding the results of all hotels sold during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 COMPARABLE CONSOLIDATED HOTELS: (Includes 23 hotels in both years) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Change 
 (dollars in thousands except ADR and RevPAR) Occupancy 68.7 57.6 1,111 bps Average Daily Rate (ADR) 295.65 242.62 21.9 Revenue Per Available Room (RevPAR) 203.24 139.82 45.4 Room Revenues 260,152 178,982 45.4 Hotel Operating Revenues 339,837 229,247 48.2 
 Overall, our comparable hotel portfolio experienced meaningful recovery in 2022 from the significant disruptions in 2021 and 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. This increase in demand across the entire hotel industry resulted in 2022 operating results far above 2021. RevPAR for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 45.4 for our comparable consolidated hotels when compared to 2021. 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2021 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Revenue 
 Our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of hotel operating revenues and other revenue. Hotel operating revenues are recorded for wholly-owned hotels that are leased to our wholly owned TRS and one hotel owned through a joint venture that is consolidated in our financial statements. Hotel operating revenues increased 109,679, or 37.1 , to 405,545 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 295,866 for the same period in 2021. This increase is attributable to an increase in RevPAR across our portfolio in 2022 as compared to 2021 as our hotels continue to recover from the decrease in demand caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase in demand is partially offset by a reduction in hotel operating revenue attributable to the sale of ten hotels during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the sale of five hotels during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Expenses 
 
 Total hotel operating expenses were 237,221 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 178,156 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in hotel operating expenses is due to increased operations at our hotels for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the increase in demand as the markets in which we have operations continue to 
 40 

recover from the decrease in demand caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. This increase in hotel operating expense is partially offset by a reduction of hotel operating expenses of 4,525 as a result of the sale of hotels noted above. 
 Real estate and personal property tax and property insurance decreased 6,155, or 16.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to 2021. Real estate and personal property taxes decreased 5,710, which is primarily due to the sale of hotels noted above, as well as a decrease in real estate tax assessments, specifically in the New York City market. In general, our property insurance costs continue to rise annually, which was partially offset by a reduction in expense due to the dispositions noted above. 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased by 22.0 , or 18,343, to 64,966 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 83,309 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in depreciation and amortization is primarily as a result of the 2022 and 2021 hotel dispositions noted above, as well as assets that fully depreciated during 2021. 
 General and administrative expense increased by 3,450 to 26,477 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 23,027 for the year ended December 31, 2021. General and administrative expense includes expenses related to payroll, rents, and other corporate level administrative costs as well as non-cash share based payments issued as compensation to the Company s trustees, executives, and employees. Expenses related to non-cash share based compensation increased 2,351 when comparing the year ended December 31, 2022 to 2021. This increase resulted primarily from an increase in the valuation of certain market based award programs and a difference in the timing of share based compensation recognition. Please refer to Note 9 Share Based Payments of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information about our stock based compensation. 
 Loss on Impairment of Assets 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that the carrying value of the Gate hotel JFK Airport exceeded the anticipated net proceeds from sale, resulting in a 10,113 loss on impairment of assets recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred an impairment charge of 222 which primarily relates to an impairment charge incurred prior to the disposition of the Duane Street hotel during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Insurance Recoveries in Excess of Property Loss 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain from insurance recoveries in the amount of 933 compared to a gain from insurance recoveries of 711 during the comparable period in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received net proceeds of 958 related to property damage incurred for a 2021 claim at our Hampton Inn Philadelphia hotel. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received net proceeds of 961 from COVID-19 business interruption claims, which was partially offset by a 250 deductible at our Hampton Inn Philadelphia hotel. 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 33,045, which is an improvement of 62,637 compared to operating loss of 29,592 during the same period in 2021. The change in operating income (loss) is primarily due to an increase in demand during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. Increases in hotel operating revenues during the period outpaced increases in hotel operating expense, contributing to improvement in operating margins, as the markets in which we operate continued to recover from the decrease in demand caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income increased 1,501 from 15 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1,516 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in interest income is primarily driven by an increase in cash and cash equivalents as a result of the hotel dispositions noted above, and a corresponding increase in interest rates on the interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased 7,636 from 56,059 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 48,423 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The balance of our borrowings, excluding discounts and deferred costs, have decreased by 496,749 in total between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The decrease in interest expense is primarily driven by the pay down of the amount drawn under the prior Line of Credit of 118,684 on August 4, 2022, the decrease in the principal term loan balance of 97,481 after the credit refinancing on August 4, 2022, and the pay off of the Junior Notes on August 4, 2022 which had a principal balance of 158,094. 
 41 

Gain on Disposition of Hotel Properties 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we closed on the sale of the seven urban select service hotels, Hotel Milo Santa Barbara, and the Pan Pacific hotel, resulting in gains of 197,505 for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold the Residence Inn Coconut Grove, the Courtyard San Diego, the Capitol Hill Hotel, the Holiday Inn Express Cambridge Hotel and the Duane Street Hotel. The sale of these hotels, excluding the Duane Street Hotel, resulted in gains totaling 48,352 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of 18,049. This consists primarily of 13,726 of debt extinguishment losses upon redemption of the Junior Notes on August 4, 2022, and 4,302 of debt modification and extinguishment losses as a result of refinancing our credit facilities on August 4, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of 3,069, which is primarily related to the February 2021 amendments to the prior credit facilities. 
 Unconsolidated Joint Venture Investments 
 The loss from unconsolidated joint ventures consists of our interest in the operating results of the properties we own in joint ventures. Loss from our unconsolidated joint ventures decreased by 2,239 to a loss of 53 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to loss of 2,292 during the same period in 2021. This reduction in losses relates to the net operating losses of our joint venture properties for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. In addition, on November 30, 2022, we sold our membership interest in the Hiren Boston, LLC joint venture, and recognized a gain of 5,167 as the net proceeds exceeded our investment in the joint venture. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded income tax expense of 4,800 compared to income tax expense of 838 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily driven by state income tax incurred as a result of gains on hotel dispositions recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 After considering various factors, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future taxable income and tax planning strategies, we believe that as of December 31, 2022, it is not more likely than not that we will be able to realize our net deferred tax asset and therefore, maintained the full valuation allowance that was established during the second quarter of 2020. As a result, the balance of our net deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022 is 0 . Absent the valuation allowance, the amount of income tax expense or benefit that the Company typically records depends mostly on the amount of taxable income or loss that is generated by our consolidated taxable REIT subsidiaries TRS ). 
 Net Income (Loss) Applicable to Common Shareholders 
 Net income applicable to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 122,548 compared to a net loss of 63,005 during the same period in 2021. This improvement is primarily related to an increase in gain on hotel dispositions of 149,153, as well as an improvement in operating income of 62,637, partially offset by an increase in loss on debt extinguishment of 14,980. 
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) Applicable to Common Shareholders 
 Comprehensive income applicable to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 144,972 compared to comprehensive loss of 47,819 for the same period in 2021. This change can be attributed to the items affecting Net Loss Applicable to Common Shareholders as more fully described above, as well as an increase in Other Comprehensive Income of 8,531 which is driven by an increase in the change of the fair value of our derivative instruments. 
 LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES, AND EQUITY OFFERINGS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 Potential Sources of Capital 
 Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of indebtedness that we may incur. Our ability to incur additional debt is dependent upon a number of factors, including the current state of the overall credit markets, our degree of leverage and borrowing restrictions imposed by debt covenants and existing lenders. Our ability to raise funds through the issuance of debt and equity securities is dependent upon, among other things, capital market volatility, risk tolerance of investors, general 
 42 

market conditions for REITs and market perceptions related to the Company s ability to generate cash flow and positive returns on its investments. 
 In addition, our mortgage indebtedness contains various financial and non-financial covenants customarily found in secured, nonrecourse financing arrangements. If the specified criteria are not satisfied, the lender may be able to escrow cash flow generated by the property securing the applicable mortgage loan. Future deterioration in market conditions could cause restrictions in our access to the cash flow of additional properties. 
 In addition to the incurrence of debt and the offering of equity securities, dispositions of property may serve as additional capital resources and sources of liquidity. We may recycle capital from stabilized assets or from sales of non-core hotels in secondary and tertiary markets. Capital from these types of transactions is intended to be redeployed into high growth acquisitions, share buybacks, or to pay down existing debt. 
 
 Junior Unsecured Notes Facility 
 In February 2021, the Company entered into a junior unsecured notes facility Junior Notes that provided net proceeds of 144,750 at closing. The Junior Notes bore interest at a rate of 9.50 , of which half, or 4.75 , was paid in cash through March 31, 2022, with the remaining half added to the principal of the note through March 31, 2022. During the three months ended June 30, 2022, interest at a rate of 9.50 was paid in cash. The original maturity date under the Junior Notes was February of 2026 and the notes were non-callable through February 2022. The Junior Notes were callable at 104 beginning February of 2022. 
 
 On August 4, 2022, using the proceeds from the disposition of the Courtyard Brookline, MA; the Hampton Inn Washington, DC; Hilton Garden Inn M Street, Washington, DC; Hampton Inn Philadelphia, PA; TownePlace Suites Sunnyvale, CA and the Courtyard Los Angeles Westside, CA, we paid off the Junior Notes at a redemption price of 104 , or 164,418, as well as the Prior Facilities, discussed below. 
 
 Credit Facility and Term Loans 
 
 Prior to the credit refinancing on August 4, 2022, our secured debt facilities aggregated to 747,481 and were comprised of a 442,404 senior credit facility and two term loans totaling 305,077. The credit facility Prior Credit Facility contained a 192,404 term loan Prior First Term Loan and a 250,000 revolving line of credit Prior Line of Credit ), and was set to expire on August 10, 2022. Prior to the refinancing, we had 118,684 outstanding under the Line of Credit. Our two additional term loan balances were 278,846 Prior Second Term Loan and 26,231 Prior Third Term Loan with an original maturity date of September 10, 2024 and August 10, 2022, respectively. 
 On August 4, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement"), with certain lenders, for whom Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank") acted as the administrative agreement and collateral agent, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company acted as the co-syndication agents, and Citibank, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company acted as joint lead arrangers and joint book running managers. The Credit Agreement provided for a new secured term loan of 400,000 and secured revolving line of credit with capacity of 100,000 which mature in August of 2024. Immediately upon entering into the Credit Agreement, proceeds from the 400,000 new term loan, along with a portion of the proceeds from the dispositions discussed in Note 2 Investment in Hotel Properties, were used to pay off and terminate all borrowings under the Prior Facilities. 
 
 All borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the option of the Company, either (i) 2.50 plus Adjusted Term SOFR (defined as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR plus 0.10 ), or (ii) 1.50 plus the Base Rate (defined as the highest of (a) the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank, as its base rate, (b) of 1 per annum above the Federal Funds Rate and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month Interest Period in effect on such day plus 1.00 per annum). The Credit Agreement provides for a 0.00 floor for borrowings at Adjusted Term SOFR and a 1.00 floor for borrowings at the Base Rate. The Credit Agreement also permits the issuance of letters of credit. 
 
 Common Share Repurchase Plan 
 There was no share repurchase program for the year-ended December 31, 2022. 
 Acquisitions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired no hotel properties. We intend to invest in additional hotels only as suitable opportunities arise and adequate sources of financing are available. We expect that future investments in hotels 
 43 

will depend upon and will be financed by, in whole or in part, our existing cash, the proceeds from additional issuances of common or preferred shares, proceeds from the sale of assets, issuances of Common Units, issuances of preferred units or other securities or borrowings secured by hotel assets and under our Line of Credit. 
 Dispositions 
 On August 4, 2022 and October 26, 2022, we closed in two related closings on the sale of a total of seven hotels to an unaffiliated buyer for a purchase price of 505,000. These seven hotels included the Courtyard Brookline; the Hampton Inn Washington, DC; Hilton Garden Inn M Street Washington, DC; Hampton Inn Philadelphia; TownePlace Suites Sunnyvale; Courtyard Sunnyvale; and the Courtyard Los Angeles Westside. The proceeds from the sale were used to pay off the Junior Notes at a redemption price of 104 , or 164,418, and the Prior Facilities. The mortgage loan amount of 39,309 secured by the Courtyard Sunnyvale hotel was assumed by the buyer and we paid off the Courtyard Los Angeles mortgage with a principal balance of 35,000 at closing. 
 On October 6, 2022, we closed on the sale of the Hotel Milo Santa Barbara for a sales price of 55,000 and paid off the outstanding mortgage of 20,696 at closing. On October 19, 2022, we closed on the sale of the Pan Pacific Seattle for a sales price of 70,000, and a portion of the proceeds were used to pay down the Term Loan in the amount of 22,380. On November 2, 2022, we closed on the sale of the Gate hotel JFK Airport for a sales price of 11,000, and a portion of the proceeds were used to pay down the Term Loan in the amount of 4,767. 
 Operating Liquidity and Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements generally consist of funds necessary to pay our scheduled debt service and operating expenses and capital expenditures directly associated with our hotels. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements generally through net cash provided by operations, existing cash balances and, if necessary, short-term borrowings under the Line of Credit. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must distribute annually at least 90 of our taxable income. This distribution requirement limits our ability to retain earnings and requires us to raise additional capital in order to grow our business and acquire additional hotel properties. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to borrow funds or raise additional equity capital on terms acceptable to us, if at all. In addition, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our debt service coverage ratio ("DSCR") requirements for our mortgage borrowings. It is possible that we could fail certain financial covenants within certain property-level mortgage borrowings. The lenders' remedy of a covenant failure would be a requirement to escrow funds for the purpose of meeting our future debt payment obligations. 
 
 Spending on capital improvements during the year ended December 31, 2022 increased when compared to spending on capital improvements during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we spent 23,587 on capital expenditures to renovate, improve or replace assets at our hotels. This compares to 10,873 during the same period in 2021 . These capital expenditures were undertaken to comply with brand mandated improvements and to initiate projects that we believe will generate a return on investment. We may spend additional amounts, if necessary, to comply with the requirements of any franchise license under which any of our hotels operate and otherwise to the extent we deem such expenditures to be prudent. We are also obligated to fund the cost of certain capital improvements to our hotels. 
 
 We expect to use operating cash flow, and if necessary, borrowings under the Line of Credit, proceeds from issuances of our securities and hotel dispositions, to pay for the cost of capital improvements and furniture, fixture and equipment requirements. 
 
 CASH FLOW ANALYSIS 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 59,336 from net cash provided by operating activities of 16,232 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to net cash provided by operating activities of 75,568 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in cash flow is primarily attributable to an increase in hotel property cash flow as a result of an increase in demand since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 44 

Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 510,241 compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 151,471 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to proceeds of 526,828 received during the year ended December 31, 2022 for the sale of the seven urban select service hotels, Hotel Milo Santa Barbara, Pan Pacific Seattle, and the Gate JFK Airport, compared to proceeds of 163,583 from the sale of the Courtyard San Diego, the Capitol Hill Hotel, the Holiday Inn Express Cambridge, the Residence Inn Coconut Grove, and the Duane Street Hotel during the year ended December 31, 2021. This was partially offset by an increase of 12,714 for capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 as we have resumed certain selective capital expenditure projects during the year ended December 31, 2022. We had a decrease of 1,004 in contributions related to unconsolidated joint ventures as we contributed a total of 485 to the Hiren Boston and SB Partners joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to contributions of 1,489 to the Hiren Boston and SB Partners unconsolidated joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2021. We received insurance proceeds of 1,294 during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to property damage incurred for a 2021 claim at our Hampton Inn Philadelphia hotel. Lastly, we received proceeds of 6,191 related to the sale of our membership interest in Hiren Boston, LLC during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 440,734 compared to net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 106,365. The following items are the major contributing factors for the change in financing cash flow: 
 
 The primary use of cash in 2021 was the payment of 187,024 of outstanding borrowings under the Prior Term Loan agreements and net repayments of 14,369 on our Prior Line of Credit. We received net proceeds of 144,750 from the issuance of the Junior Notes, a portion of which, in addition to the proceeds received from the hotel dispositions noted above, were used to pay down the Term Loans. Our primary use of cash in 2022 was the repayment of the Prior Term Loans of 497,481 and the Prior Line of Credit of 118,684, as well as the pay down of the Junior Notes of 158,094. We used proceeds from the hotel dispositions noted above, as well as proceeds of 400,000 from the new Term Loan to repay these debt obligations; 
 Payment of 10,636 of deferred financing costs and debt extinguishment for the year ended December 31, 2022 which primarily relates to the new Credit Agreement and premium paid to redeem the junior notes, as compared to the payment of 6,231 during the year ended December 31, 2021 which primarily relates to the Junior Notes issuance noted above; 
 A decrease in cash payments of 15,806 related to dividends paid. During the year ended December 31, 2021, our executed amendments to the Prior Facilities allowed for the payment of the total arrearage of unpaid cash dividends for the periods ended April 15, 2020, July 15, 2020, October 15, 2020 and January 15, 2021 due on each of our 6.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 6.50 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and 6.50 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, which was paid on March 26, 2021, as the well as the dividends paid on April 15, 2021 and July 15, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we paid dividends of 24,174 on these preferred shares and 2,325 on our Common Shares, Common Units and LTIP Units. 

45 

FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT developed Funds from Operations FFO as a non-GAAP financial measure of performance of an equity REIT in order to recognize that income-producing real estate historically has not depreciated on the basis determined under GAAP. We calculate FFO applicable to common shares and Common Units in accordance with the December 2018 Financial Standards White Paper of NAREIT, which we refer to as the White Paper. The White Paper defines FFO as net income (loss) (computed in accordance with GAAP) excluding depreciation and amortization related to real estate, gains and losses from the sale of certain real estate assets, gains and losses from change in control, and impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by an entity. Our interpretation of the NAREIT definition is that noncontrolling interest in net income (loss) should be added back to (deducted from) net income (loss) as part of reconciling net income (loss) to FFO. Our FFO computation may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs that do not compute FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition, or that interpret the NAREIT definition differently than we do. 
 The GAAP measure that we believe to be most directly comparable to FFO, net income (loss) applicable to common shareholders, includes loss from the impairment of certain depreciable assets, our investment in unconsolidated joint ventures and land, depreciation and amortization expenses, gains or losses on property sales, noncontrolling interest and preferred dividends. In computing FFO, we eliminate these items because, in our view, they are not indicative of the results from our property operations. 
 FFO does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of the Company s performance or to cash flow as a measure of liquidity or ability to make distributions. We consider FFO to be a meaningful, additional measure of operating performance because it excludes the effects of the assumption that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time, and because it is widely used by industry analysts as a performance measure. We show both FFO from consolidated hotel operations and FFO from unconsolidated joint ventures because we believe it is meaningful for the investor to understand the relative contributions from our consolidated and unconsolidated hotels. The display of both FFO from consolidated hotels and FFO from unconsolidated joint ventures allows for a detailed analysis of the operating performance of our hotel portfolio by management and investors. We present FFO applicable to common shares and Common Units because our Common Units are redeemable for common shares. We believe it is meaningful for the investor to understand FFO applicable to all common shares and Common Units. 
 46 

The following table reconciles FFO for the periods presented to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, net income, for the same periods (dollars in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Net income (loss) applicable to common shareholders 122,548 (63,005) (189,165) Income (loss) allocated to noncontrolling interests 19,338 (4,524) (19,560) (Income) loss from unconsolidated joint ventures (5,114) 2,292 2,938 Gain on disposition of hotel properties (197,505) (48,352) (1,158) Loss from impairment of depreciable assets 10,113 222 1,069 Depreciation and amortization 64,966 83,309 96,958 Funds from consolidated hotel operations 
 applicable to common shareholders and Partnership units 
 14,346 (30,058) (108,918) Income (loss) from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 5,114 (2,292) (2,938) Gain from sale of interest in unconsolidated joint ventures (5,167) Unrecognized pro rata interest in loss (1) 
 (436) (1,053) (1,417) Depreciation and amortization of difference between purchase price 
 and historical cost (2) 
 82 94 83 Interest in depreciation and amortization of unconsolidated joint ventures (3) 
 2,466 2,508 1,828 Funds from unconsolidated joint ventures operations 
 applicable to common shareholders and Partnership units 
 2,059 (743) (2,444) Funds from Operations applicable to common shareholders and Partnership units 16,405 (30,801) (111,362) Weighted Average Common Shares and Units Outstanding Basic 39,368,952 39,089,987 38,613,563 Diluted 46,393,487 44,172,521 44,066,289 
 (1) For U.S. GAAP reporting purposes, our interest in the joint venture's loss is not recognized since our U.S. GAAP basis in the joint venture has been reduced to 0. Our interest in FFO from the joint venture equals our percentage ownership in the venture. 
 (2) Adjustment made to add depreciation of purchase price in excess of historical cost of the assets in the unconsolidated joint venture at the time of our investment. 
 (3) Adjustment made to add our interest in real estate related depreciation and amortization of our unconsolidated joint ventures. Allocation of depreciation and amortization is consistent with allocation of income and loss. 
 INFLATION 
 Operators of hotel properties, in general, possess the ability to adjust room rates daily to reflect the effects of inflation. However, competitive pressures may limit the ability of our management companies to raise room rates. The Company s largest expenses are labor related costs. Wage and other expenses increase during periods of inflation and when labor shortages occur in the marketplace. There can be no guarantee we will not experience increases in the cost of labor, as the need for hospitality employees is expected to grow. In addition, suppliers pass along rising costs to us in the form of higher prices. We have the ability to pass on these increased costs associated with providing services by adjusting room rates. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Critical accounting estimates are those that management believes are the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain, especially in light of the current economic environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The estimates and assumptions made by management in applying critical accounting policies have not changed materially during 2022 and 2021 and none of the estimates or assumptions have proven to be materially incorrect or resulted in our recording any significant adjustments relating to prior periods. 

47 

Investment in Hotel Properties 
 
 We review our portfolio on an on-going basis to evaluate the existence of any of the aforementioned events or changes in circumstances that would require us to test for recoverability. In general, our review of recoverability is based on an estimate of the future undiscounted cash flows, excluding interest charges, expected to result from the property s use and eventual disposition. 
 
 Our impairment evaluation contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values. Key assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values include expected future operating income, as well as the holding period and the expected terminal capitalization rate. Estimates of revenue growth and operating expenses are based on third-party market data, where available and applicable to the hotel evaluated, and internal projections which consider the hotel s historical performance, hotel demand, competition and other factors that impact the hotel s performance. The terminal capitalization rate is selected based on third-party market data, recent dispositions, and what we believe a buyer would assume when determining a purchase price for the hotel. These estimates are subjective and our ability to realize future cash flows and asset fair values is affected by factors such as ongoing maintenance and improvement of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. 
 
 If impairment exists due to the inability to recover the carrying value of a property, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. As of December 31, 2022, we have determined that the estimated future cash flow of each of the properties in our portfolio is sufficient to recover its carrying value. Asset impairment charges are discussed in Note 2, Investment in Hotel Properties, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K. 
 
 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
 We have entered into a number of transactions and arrangements that involve related parties. For a description of the transactions and arrangements, please see Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies and Related Party Transactions, to the consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Our primary market risk exposure is to changes in interest rates on our variable rate debt which has not been effectively hedged with interest swaps or interest rate caps. As of December 31, 2022, we are exposed to interest rate risk with respect to variable rate borrowings under our Credit Agreement and certain variable rate mortgages and notes payable. As of December 31, 2022, we had total variable rate debt outstanding of 173,846 with a weighted average interest rate of 6.73 . The effect of a 100 basis point increase or decrease in the interest rate on our variable rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 would be an increase or decrease in our interest expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 of 1,878. 
 Our interest rate risk objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate fluctuations on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we manage our exposure to fluctuations in market interest rates for a portion of our borrowings through the use of fixed rate debt instruments to the extent that reasonably favorable rates are obtainable with such arrangements. We have also entered into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps or caps, and in the future may enter into treasury options or locks, to mitigate our interest rate risk on a related financial instrument or to effectively lock the interest rate on a portion of our variable rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, we have an interest rate cap related to the debt on Hilton Garden Inn, 52nd Street, New York, NY, and we have five interest rate swaps related to debt on Hyatt Union Square, New York, NY; Hilton Garden Inn Tribeca, New York, NY; and our Credit Agreements. We do not intend to enter into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approxima tely 73 of our outstanding consolidated long-term indebtedness is subject to fixed rates or effectively capped, while 27 of our outstanding long term indebtedness is subject to floating rates. The majority of our floating rate debt and any corresponding derivative instruments are indexed to various tenors of LIBOR or SOFR. 
 On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA announced that USD LIBOR will no longer be published after June 30, 2023. This announcement has several implications, including setting the spread that may be used to automatically convert contracts from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). Additionally, banks discontinued new LIBOR debt issuances by December 31, 2021. However, the ICE Benchmark Administration, in its capacity as administrator of LIBOR, 
 48 

has announced that it intends to extend publication of LIBOR (other than one-week and two-month tenors) by 18 months to June 2023. 
 Any changes adopted by the FCA or other governing bodies in the method used for determining LIBOR may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR. If that were to occur, our interest payments could change. In addition, uncertainty about the extent and manner of future changes may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher or lower than if LIBOR were to remain available in its current form. In anticipation of the cessation of LIBOR, we may need to renegotiate credit facilities and any credit agreements extending beyond 2022 that utilize LIBOR as a factor in determining the interest rate or rely on certain fallback provisions that could cause interest rates to shift to a base rate plus a margin. Any such renegotiations may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Changes in market interest rates on our fixed-rate debt impact the fair value of the debt, but such changes have no impact on interest expense incurred. If interest rates rise 100 basis points and our fixed rate debt balance remains constant, we expect the fair value of our debt to decrease. The sensitivity analysis related to our fixed-rate debt assumes an immediate 100 basis point move in interest rates from their December 31, 2022 levels, with all other variables held constant. A 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would cause the fair value of our fixed-rate debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 to be approximately 604,657 and a 100 basis point decrease in market interest rates would cause the fair value of our fixed-rate debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 to be approximately 616,241. 
 We regularly review interest rate exposure on our outstanding borrowings in an effort to minimize the risk of interest rate fluctuations. For debt obligations outstanding as of December 31, 2022, the following table presents expected principal repayments and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity dates: 
 2023 1 - 3 years 4 - 5 years Thereafter Total Fixed Rate Debt 100,622 358,813 459,435 Weighted Average Interest Rate 3.99 3.93 N/A N/A 3.96 Floating Rate Debt 23,372 98,926 51,548 173,846 Weighted Average Interest Rate 7.01 7.11 N/A 7.33 7.29 123,994 457,739 51,548 633,281 
 The table incorporates only those exposures that existed as of December 31, 2022, and does not consider exposure or positions that could arise after that date. As a result, our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to interest rate fluctuations will depend on the exposures that arise during the future period, prevailing interest rates, and our hedging strategies at that time. 

49 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Hersha Hospitality Trust Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 53 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 60 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 62 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 104 

50 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Trustees Hersha Hospitality Trust: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hersha Hospitality Trust and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 51 

Assessment of estimated holding periods for hotel properties 
 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company tests its hotel properties for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of any of the hotel properties may not be recoverable. Investment in hotel properties, net of accumulated depreciation, was 1,189 million, or 80 of total assets at December 31, 2022. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the estimated holding periods for the Company s hotel properties as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective and complex auditor judgment was required in assessing the events or changes in circumstances used by the Company to evaluate the estimated holding periods. A shortened estimated holding period could indicate a potential impairment. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of an internal control related to the Company s determination of the estimated holding periods for its hotel properties. We evaluated the relevant events or changes in circumstances that the Company used to evaluate its estimated holding periods by: 
 inspecting documents such as meeting minutes of the board of trustees to assess the likelihood that a property will be sold before the end of its previously estimated holding period 
 reading certain publicly available information to identify information regarding potential sales of the Company s hotel properties 
 inquiring of Company officials, including those in the organization who are responsible for, and have authority over, disposition activities 
 obtaining representations from the Company regarding the status of potential plans to dispose of hotel properties. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 23, 2023 
 52 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARES AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Investment in Hotel Properties, Net of Accumulated Depreciation Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures Cash and Cash Equivalents Escrow Deposits Hotel Accounts Receivable Due from Related Parties Intangible Assets, Net of Accumulated Amortization of and 
 Right of Use Assets Other Assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity: Line of Credit Secured Term Loans, Net of Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs (Note 5) Unsecured Notes Payable, Net of Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs (Note 5) Mortgages Payable, Net of Unamortized Premium and Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs Lease Liabilities Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities Dividends and Distributions Payable Due to Related Parties Total Liabilities Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests - Consolidated Joint Venture (Note 12) Equity: Shareholders' Equity: Preferred Shares: Par Value, Shares Authorized, Series C, Series D and Series E Shares Issued and Outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, with Liquidation Preferences of Per Share (Note 1) 
 Common Shares: Class A, Par Value, Shares Authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and Shares Issued and Outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common Shares: Class B, Par Value, Shares Authorized, Issued and Outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) Additional Paid-in Capital Distributions in Excess of Net Income ) ) Total Shareholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests (Note 1): Total Equity Total Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, and Equity 
 The Accompanying Notes Are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 53 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Hotel Operating Revenues: Room Food Beverage Other Operating Revenues Other Revenues Total Revenues Operating Expenses: Hotel Operating Expenses: Room Food Beverage Other Operating Expenses Hotel Ground Rent Real Estate and Personal Property Taxes and Property Insurance General and Administrative (including Share Based Payments of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively) 
 Acquisition and Terminated Transaction Costs Loss on Impairment of Assets Depreciation and Amortization Insurance Recoveries in Excess of Property Loss ) ) ) Total Operating Expenses Operating Income (Loss) ) ) Interest Income Interest Expense ) ) ) Other Income (Expense) ) Gain on Disposition of Hotel Properties Loss on Debt Extinguishment ) ) Income (Loss) Before Results from Unconsolidated Joint Venture Investments and Income Taxes ) ) Loss from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures ) ) ) Gain from Sale of Interest in Unconsolidated Joint Venture Income (Loss) from Unconsolidated Joint Venture Investments ) ) Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes ) ) Income Tax Expense ) ) ) Net Income (Loss) ) ) (Income) Loss Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests - Common Units ) (Income) Loss Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests - Consolidated Joint Venture ) ) Preferred Distributions ) ) ) Net Income (Loss) Applicable to Common Shareholders ) ) 
 The Accompanying Notes Are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Earnings Per Share: BASIC Loss from Continuing Operations Applicable to Common Shareholders ) ) DILUTED Loss from Continuing Operations Applicable to Common Shareholders ) ) Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 The following table summarizes potentially dilutive securities that have been excluded from the denominator for the purpose of computing diluted earnings per share: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Common Units and Vested LTIP Units Unvested Stock Awards and LTIP Units Outstanding Contingently Issuable Share Awards Total Potentially Dilutive Securities Excluded from the Denominator 
 The Accompanying Notes Are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 55 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net Income (Loss) ) ) Change in Fair Value of Derivative Instruments ) Reclassification Adjustment for Change in Fair Value of Derivative Instruments Included in Net Income (Loss) ) ) Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive (Income) Loss Applicable to Noncontrolling Interests - Common Units ) Less: Comprehensive (Income) Loss Applicable to Noncontrolling Interests - Consolidated Joint Venture ) ) Less: Preferred Distributions ) ) ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) Applicable to Common Shareholders ) ) 
 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 56 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARES AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Shareholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Consolidated Joint Venture ) Common Shares Class A Common Shares ) Class B Common Shares ) Preferred Shares Preferred Shares ) Additional Paid-In Capital ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income ) Distributions in Excess of Net Income ) Total Shareholders' Equity ) Common Units and LTIP Units Common Units and LTIP Units ) Total Equity ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Unit Conversions ) ) Issuance Costs/Other ) ) ) Dividends and Distributions declared: Common Shares per share) 
 ) ) ) Preferred Shares ) ) ) Common Units per share) 
 ) ) LTIP Units per share) 
 ) ) Dividend Reinvestment Plan Share Based Compensation: Grants (Forfeitures) ) ) ) ) Amortization Change in Fair Value of Derivative Instruments Adjustment to Record Noncontrolling Interest at Redemption Value ) ) ) Net Income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 57 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARES AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Shareholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Consolidated Joint Venture ) Common Shares Class A Common Shares ) Class B Common Shares ) Preferred Shares Preferred Shares ) Additional Paid-In Capital ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ) Distributions in Excess of Net Income ) Total Shareholders' Equity ) Common Units and LTIP Units Common Units and LTIP Units ) Total Equity ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Unit Conversion ) ) Dividends and Distributions declared: Preferred Shares ) ) ) Share Based Compensation: Grants Amortization Equity Contribution to Consolidated Joint Venture Change in Fair Value of Derivative Instruments Adjustment to Record Noncontrolling Interest at Redemption Value ) ) ) Net Loss ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARES AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Shareholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Consolidated Joint Venture ) Common Shares Class A Common Shares ) Class B Common Shares ) Preferred Shares Preferred Shares ) Additional Paid-In Capital ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ) Distributions in Excess of Net Income ) Total Shareholders' Equity ) Common Units and LTIP Units Common Units and LTIP Units ) Total Equity ) Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Issuance Costs ) ) ) Dividends and Distributions declared: Preferred Shares ) ) ) Dividend Reinvestment Plan Share Based Compensation: Grants ) Amortization Equity Contribution to Consolidated Joint Venture Change in Fair Value of Derivative Instruments ) ) ) ) Adjustment to Record Noncontrolling Interest at Redemption Value ) Net Loss ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statement 
 59 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net Income (Loss) ) ) Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities: Gain on Disposition of Hotel Properties ) ) ) Gain from Sale of Interest in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures ) Loss on Impairment of Assets Insurance Recoveries in Excess of Property Loss ) ) ) Junior Note PIK Interest Added to Principal Deferred Taxes Depreciation Amortization Loss on Debt Extinguishment Equity in Loss of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures (Gain) Loss Recognized on Change in Fair Value of Derivative Instrument ) ) Share Based Compensation Expense Proceeds Received for Business Interruption Insurance Claims, net Change in Assets and Liabilities: (Increase) Decrease in: Hotel Accounts Receivable ) ) Other Assets ) ) Due from Related Parties (Decrease) Increase in: Due to Related Parties Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities ) Investing Activities: Capital Expenditures ) ) ) Cash Paid for Hotel Development Projects Proceeds from Disposition of Hotel Properties Contributions to Unconsolidated Joint Ventures ) ) ) Proceeds from Insurance Claims Proceeds from the Sale of Joint Venture Interests Distributions from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities ) 
 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Financing Activities: Borrowings on Line of Credit and Term Loans Repayments on Line of Credit ) ) ) Payments on Term Loans ) ) ) Principal Repayment of Mortgages and Notes Payable ) ) ) Proceeds from Mortgages and Notes Payable Deferred Financing Costs ) ) ) Cash Paid for Debt Extinguishment ) Dividends Paid on Common Shares ) ) Dividends Paid on Preferred Shares ) ) ) Distributions Paid on Common Units and LTIP Units ) ) Other Financing Activities ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities ) ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash - Beginning of Year Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash - End of Year 
 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 61 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

NOTE 1 
 limited partnership interest in various subsidiary partnerships. Hersha Hospitality, LLC HHLLC ), a Virginia limited liability company, owns a general partnership interest in the subsidiary partnerships and the Partnership is the sole member of HHLLC. 
 The Partnership owns a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ), 44 New England Management Company 44 New England or TRS Lessee ), which leases certain of the Company s hotels. 
 Hersha s common shares of beneficial interest trade on the New York Stock Exchange the NYSE under the ticker symbol "HT," its Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol HT PRC, its Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol HT PRD, and its Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol HT PRE. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company, through the Partnership and subsidiary partnerships, wholly owned limited and full service hotels. All of the wholly owned hotel facilities are leased to the Company s TRS, 44 New England. 
 In addition to the wholly owned hotel properties, as of December 31, 2022, the Company owned a consolidated joint venture interest in property and an unconsolidated joint venture interest in properties. The properties owned by the joint ventures are leased to a TRS owned by the joint venture or to an entity owned by the joint venture partners and 44 New England. 
 Ritz-Carlton Coconut Grove, FL Hersha Holding RC Lessee, LLC Unconsolidated Joint Ventures SB Partners, LLC Holiday Inn Express South Boston, MA South Bay Sandeep, LLC SB Partners Three, LLC Home2 Suites South Boston, MA SB Partners Three Lessee, LLC 
 Our properties are managed by eligible independent management companies, including Hersha Hospitality Management, LP HHMLP ). HHMLP is owned in part by certain of our trustees and executive officers and other unaffiliated third party investors as defined by the Internal Revenue Code. 
 62 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

63 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

to years 
 Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment to years 
 
 Based on the occurrence of certain events or changes in circumstances, we review the recoverability of each hotel property's carrying value. Such events or changes in circumstances include the following: 
 a significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset; 
 a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used or in its physical condition; 
 a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of a long-lived asset, including an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; 
 an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of a long-lived asset; 
 a current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset; and 
 a current expectation that, it is more likely than not that, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. 
 We review our portfolio on an ongoing basis to evaluate the existence of any of the aforementioned events or changes in circumstances that would require us to test for recoverability. In general, our review of recoverability is based on an estimate of the future undiscounted cash flows, excluding interest charges, expected to result from the property's use and eventual disposition. These estimates consider factors such as expected future operating income, market and other applicable trends and residual value expected, as well as the effects of hotel demand, competition and other factors. Other assumptions used in the review of recoverability include the holding period and expected terminal capitalization rate. If impairment exists due to the inability to recover the carrying value of a property, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. We are required to make subjective assessments as to whether there are impairments in the values of our investments in hotel properties. 
 We consider a hotel to be held for sale when management and our independent trustees commit to a plan to sell the property, the property is available for sale, management engages in an active program to locate a buyer for the property and it is probable the sale will be completed within a year of the initiation of the plan to sell. 
 
 64 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

65 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 . 
 , , and , respectively. 
 Securities that are redeemable for cash or other assets at the option of the holder, or not solely within the control of the issuer, are classified outside of permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheet and have been adjusted to their approximate redemption values, after the attribution of net income or loss. The Company makes this determination based on terms in applicable agreements, specifically in relation to redemption provisions. Additionally, with respect to noncontrolling interests for which the Company has a choice to settle the contract by delivery of its own shares, the Company considers the guidance in US GAAP to evaluate whether the Company controls the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of common shares that could be required to be delivered at the time of settlement of the contract. 
 66 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 -for-one basis in lieu of paying cash. 
 Net income or loss attributed to Common Units and LTIP Units, as well as the net income or loss related to the noncontrolling interests of our consolidated variable interest entity, is included in net income or loss in the consolidated statements of operations. Net income or loss attributed to the Common Units, LTIP Units, and the noncontrolling interests of our consolidated joint ventures is excluded from net income or loss applicable to common shareholders in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 67 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 hotel dispositions to unaffiliated buyers for total consideration of . These hotels included the Courtyard Brookline, the Hampton Inn Washington, DC, Hilton Garden Inn M Street Washington, DC, Hampton Inn - Philadelphia, TownePlace Suites Sunnyvale, Courtyard Sunnyvale, the Courtyard Los Angeles Westside, Hotel Milo Santa Barbara, the Pan Pacific Seattle, and the Gate hotel JFK Airport. A portion of the proceeds from the sales were used to pay off the Company's junior subordinated notes (the "Junior Notes"), which the Company entered into on February 17, 2021, at a redemption price of , or . Proceeds from the sales were also used to pay down amounts borrowed under the Company s line of credit and term loans. 
 On August 4, 2022, the Company entered into a new credit agreement for a senior secured credit facility which provided for a revolving line of credit and a term loan. The Company made an initial draw of on the facility s term loan, using the proceeds to pay off the remaining balances under the Company s prior line of credit and term loans, effectively reducing the Company s borrowings and moving the maturity of borrowings under the Company s credit facility to August of 2024. The line of credit provided by the new credit facility remains undrawn. See Note 5 Debt for additional information regarding borrowings under the Company s prior credit facility, new credit facility, notes payable, and mortgages. 
 After considering the reduction in debt from proceeds of the hotel dispositions noted above, the effective extension of maturities of borrowings under our new credit agreement noted above, and forecasted cash flows, the Company believes that it has sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations for the next twelve months. We cannot assure you that our assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements will be correct because the lodging industry has not previously experienced such an abrupt and drastic reduction in hotel demand, and as a consequence, our ability to be predictive is uncertain and we cannot estimate when travel demand will fully recover. 

68 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 69 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

, to replace LIBOR with an alternative reference rate that matches the reference rate of the underlying hedged debt. We did not apply optional expedients and exceptions contained within these updates in the modifications of these contracts. For our remaining borrowing and hedging contracts, we have not entered into modifications as it directly relates to reference rate reform but we anticipate having to undertake such modifications in the future as a majority of our contracts with lenders and hedging counterparties are indexed to LIBOR. Some 
 70 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
 ) ) Distributions in Excess of Net Income ) ) Total Shareholders' Equity ) Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity 
 
 71 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) ) ) ) Loss Before Results from Unconsolidated Joint Venture Investments and Income Taxes ) ) ) ) Loss Before Income taxes ) ) ) ) Net Loss ) ) ) ) Loss Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests - Common Units ) ) Net Loss Applicable to Common Shareholders ) ) ) ) Net Income (Loss) Per Share: Basic - Loss from Continuing Operations Applicable to Common Shareholders ) ) ) ) Diluted - Loss from Continuing Operations Applicable to Common Shareholders ) ) ) ) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss): Net Loss ) ) ) ) Reclassification Adjustment for Change in Fair Value of Derivative Instruments Included in Net Loss ) ) ) Total Other Comprehensive Income ) ) ) ) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows: Operating Activities: Net Loss ) ) ) ) Loss (Gain) Recognized on Change in Fair Value of Derivative Instrument ) ) ) 
 72 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

NOTE 2 
 Buildings and Improvements Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment Construction in Progress Less Accumulated Depreciation ) ) Total Investment in Hotel Properties 
 The net book value of investment in hotel property at Ritz Coconut Grove, which is a variable interest entity, is and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Depreciation expense on hotel properties was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we acquired hotel properties. 
 Property Damage from Natural Disaster 
 During September 2017, all of our hotels located in South Florida incurred property damage and an interruption of business operations as a result of Hurricane Irma. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we closed our remaining open claim and recorded a net gain in excess of estimated insurance recoveries of . 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received net proceeds of for a business interruption claim as a result of COVID-19. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received net proceeds of for a business interruption claim as a result fire damage at one of our properties. 
 73 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 properties) 
 June 2005 - October 2016 August 4, 2022, October 26, 2022 Hotel Milo Santa Barbara 2/28/2014 10/6/2022 Pan Pacific Seattle 2/21/2017 10/19/2022 Gate hotel JFK Airport (2) 6/13/2008 11/2/2022 2022 Total Courtyard San Diego, CA 5/30/2013 2/19/2021 The Capitol Hill Hotel Washington, DC 4/15/2011 3/9/2021 Holiday Inn Express Cambridge, MA 5/3/2006 3/9/2021 Residence Inn Miami Coconut Grove, FL 6/12/2013 3/10/2021 Duane Street Hotel (1) 1/4/2008 5/13/2021 2021 Total Sheraton Wilmington South, DE 12/21/2010 12/1/2020 2020 Total 
 (1) During 2020, the Company determined that the carrying value of the Duane Street hotel exceeded the anticipated net proceeds from sale, resulting in a impairment charge recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020. We recorded an additional impairment charge of prior to the disposition of the hotel property during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 (2) During 2022, the Company determined that the carrying value of the Gate JFK hotel exceeded the anticipated net proceeds from sale, resulting in a impairment charge recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Assets Held For Sale 

74 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 3 
 Hiren Boston, LLC Courtyard by Marriott, South Boston, MA SB Partners, LLC Holiday Inn Express, South Boston, MA SB Partners Three, LLC Home2 Suites, South Boston, MA 
 On February 7, 2021, all of the assets of the properties owned by this joint venture were transferred to the mezzanine lender of Cindat Hersha Owner JV, LLC. As a result, the venture was dissolved and we no longer maintain an interest in this venture. 
 On November 30, 2022, we sold our membership interest in Hiren Boston, LLC. We recognized a gain of as the net proceeds received exceeded our investment in the unconsolidated joint venture. 
 Effective August 1, 2021, HHLP entered into Asset Management Agreements with the joint venture investments at the Courtyard by Marriott, South Boston, Holiday Inn Express, South Boston, and Home2 Suites, South Boston properties whereby it provides asset management services. Fees for these services are calculated as of operating revenues, which we recognize as income in other revenues on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Income/Loss Allocation 
 Prior to February 7, 2021, based on the income allocation methodology within Cindat Hersha Owner JV, LLC, the Company had absorbed cumulative losses equal to our accounting basis in the joint venture resulting in a investment balance in the table above as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 For SB Partners, LLC, Hiren Boston, LLC, and SB Partners Three, LLC, income or loss is allocated to us and our joint venture partners consistent with the allocation of cash distributions in accordance with the joint venture agreements. This results in an income allocation consistent with our percentage of ownership interests. When we absorb cumulative losses equal to our accounting basis in the joint venture, our investment balance is 0 as presented in the table above. 
 Any difference between the carrying amount of any of our investments noted above and the underlying equity in net assets is amortized over the expected useful lives of the properties and other intangible assets. 
 75 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 ) Hiren Boston, LLC ) ) SB Partners, LLC ) ) ) SB Partners Three, LLC ) ) ) Loss from Unconsolidated Joint Venture Investments ) ) ) 
 Other Assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Mortgages and Notes Payable Other Liabilities Equity: Hersha Hospitality Trust Joint Venture Partners ) ) Total Equity ) ) Total Liabilities and Equity 
 Statements of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Room Revenue Other Revenue Operating Expenses ) ) ) Lease Expense ) ) ) Property Taxes and Insurance ) ) ) General and Administrative ) ) Depreciation and Amortization ) ) ) Interest Expense ) ) ) Loss on Dissolution of Joint Venture ) Net Loss ) ) ) 
 
 76 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 Adjustment to reconcile our share of equity recorded on the joint ventures' financial statements to our investment in unconsolidated joint ventures (1) 
 Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 (1) Adjustment to reconcile our share of equity recorded on the joint ventures' financial statements to our investment in unconsolidated joint ventures consists of the following: 
 the difference between our basis in the investment in joint ventures and the equity recorded on the joint ventures' financial statements; 
 accumulated amortization of our equity in joint ventures that reflects the difference in our portion of the fair value of joint ventures' assets on the date of our investment when compared to the carrying value of the assets recorded on the joint ventures financial statements (this excess or deficit investment is amortized over the life of the properties, and the amortization is included in Income (Loss) from Unconsolidated Joint Venture Investments on our consolidated statement of operations); and 

77 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 4 
 Deferred Financing Costs Prepaid Expenses Investment in Statutory Trusts Investment in Non-Hotel Property and Inventories Deposits with Unaffiliated Third Parties Deferred Tax Asset, Net of Valuation Allowance of and , respectively 
 Other 
 Derivative Asset - This category represents the Company s gross asset fair value of interest rate swaps and interest rate caps. Any swaps and caps resulting in a liability to the Company are accounted for separately within Other Liabilities on the Balance Sheet. 
 Deferred Financing Costs - This category represents financing costs paid by the Company to establish our Line of Credit. These costs have been capitalized and will amortize to interest expense over the life of the Line of Credit. 
 Prepaid Expenses - Prepaid expenses include amounts paid for property tax, insurance and other expenditures that will be expensed in the next twelve months. 
 Investment in Statutory Trusts - We have an investment in the common stock of Hersha Statutory Trust I and Hersha Statutory Trust II. Our investment is accounted for under the equity method. 
 Investment in Non-Hotel Property and Inventories - This category represents the costs paid and capitalized by the Company for items such as office leasehold improvements, furniture and equipment, and property inventories. 
 Deposits with Unaffiliated Third Parties - These deposits represent deposits made by the Company with unaffiliated third parties for items such as lease security deposits, utility deposits, and deposits with unaffiliated third party management companies. 
 Deferred Tax Asset - We have of net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. We have considered various factors, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future projected taxable income and tax planning strategies in determining a valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets, and we believe that it is more likely than not that we will not be able to realize the net deferred tax assets in the future, and a valuation allowance for the entire deferred tax asset has been recorded. 

78 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 5 
 Net Unamortized Premium Net Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs ) ) Mortgages Payable 
 On August 4, 2022, using the proceeds from the dispositions discussed in Note 2 - Investment in Hotel Properties, we paid off the Courtyard Los Angeles mortgage with a principal balance of . On October 6, 2022, we paid off the Hotel Milo mortgage balance of using the proceeds from the disposition of the property. On October 26, 2022, the buyer assumed the Courtyard Sunnyvale mortgage which had an outstanding principal balance of . 
 Net Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs associated with entering into mortgage indebtedness are deferred and amortized over the life of the mortgages. Net Unamortized Premiums are also amortized over the remaining life of the loans. Mortgage indebtedness balances are subject to fixed and variable interest rates, which ranged from to as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our mortgage indebtedness contains various financial and non-financial covenants customarily found in secured, non-recourse financing arrangements. Our mortgage loans payable typically require that specified debt service coverage ratios be maintained with respect to the financed properties before we can exercise certain rights under the loan agreements relating to such properties. If the specified criteria are not satisfied, the lender may be able to escrow cash flow generated by the property securing the applicable mortgage loan. We have determined that all debt covenants contained in the loan agreements securing our consolidated hotel properties were met as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the maturity dates for the outstanding mortgage loans ranged from June 2023 to July 2024. For mortgages with maturity dates within the next twelve months, we plan to refinance each mortgage before their maturities, or use available cash on hand or capacity under our revolving line of credit to pay the obligation. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we refinanced the outstanding mortgage secured by the Hilton Garden Inn 52nd Street, which resulted in of debt modification expense. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we refinanced the outstanding mortgages secured by the Hilton Garden Inn 52nd Street, the Courtyard Los Angeles Westside, the Hilton Garden Inn Tribeca, the Hyatt Union Square, and the St. Gregory Hotel, which resulted in of debt modification expense. 
 
 79 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 and secured revolving line of credit with capacity of , both of which mature on August 4, 2024. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate of Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a 250 basis point spread. 
 Immediately upon entering into the 2022 Credit Agreement, proceeds from the new term loan, along with a portion of the proceeds from the dispositions discussed in Note 2 Investment in Hotel Properties, were used to pay off and terminate all borrowings under our previous credit facility agreement ("the Prior Facilities"), which consisted of secured credit arrangements which had an aggregate principal balance of , discussed below. 
 
 The Company incurred debt extinguishment expense of related to the 2022 Credit Agreement and termination of the Prior Facilities on August 4, 2022. 
 
 We made principal payments on the term loan totaling upon the disposition of the Pan Pacific hotel and the Gate hotel JFK airport as required by the 2022 Credit Agreement upon the disposition of hotels designated as borrowing based assets. 
 
 Secured Term Loan: Principal Deferred Financing Costs ) Total Secured Term Loan 
 The Credit Agreement contains financial covenants including a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 for the December 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 test dates, and to 1.00 for the June 30, 2023 test date and subsequent test dates; and a maximum leverage ratio of not more than . We have determined that we are in compliance with all covenants contained in the 2022 Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The amount that we can borrow at any given time under our Line of Credit, and 2022 Credit Agreement is governed by certain operating metrics of designated unencumbered hotel properties known as borrowing base assets. 

80 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 secured credit agreements which aggregated to with Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, Inc. and various other lenders. One credit agreement ("Credit Agreement") provided for a senior secured credit facility of Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility consisted of a senior secured revolving line of credit Line of Credit ), and a senior secured term loan First Term Loan ). The Credit Facility was set to expire on August 10, 2022 prior to the refinancing discussed above. 
 We maintained another credit agreement which provided for a senior secured loan agreement Second Term Loan and was set to expire on September 10, 2024 prior to the refinancing. 
 A separate credit agreement provided for a senior secured term loan agreement Third Term Loan and collectively with the Credit Agreement and the Second Term Loan, the "Credit Agreements") and was set to expire on August 10, 2022 prior to the refinancing. 
 On February 17, 2021, the Company signed amendments to the Credit Agreements which resulted in debt extinguishment expense . Debt extinguishment expense consists of of debt extinguishment losses and of debt modification losses. The signed amendments to the Credit Agreements, among other things, provided for: 
 
 an extension of the maturity date of the Third Term Loan to August 10, 2022; 
 a limited waiver of financial covenants through March 31, 2022; and 
 the ability to borrow up to , inclusive of amounts already outstanding, under the Line of Credit, the proceeds of which may only be used to fund certain costs and expenses. 
 
 Certain conditions, such as minimum liquid assets in an aggregate amount of at least , and certain negative covenants and restrictions that are considered normal and customary, were required to be met on a recurring basis as outlined within the amendments. 
 
 The amendments to the Credit Agreements made certain other amendments to financial covenants in place for the second quarter of 2022: 
 
 a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 (was to 1.00); 
 a maximum leverage ratio of not more than (was ); and 
 a new financial covenant that requires the borrowing base leverage ratio to not exceed at any time. 
 
 81 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

to 
 Secured Term Loan: First Term Loan to 
 Second Term Loan to 
 Third Term Loan to 
 Deferred Financing Costs ) Total Secured Term Loan 
 
 The weighted average interest rate on our credit facilities was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 82 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 Net Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs ) ) Statutory Trust I and Statutory Trust II Notes Payable Junior Notes Payable Indebtedness Net Unamortized Deferred Financing Costs ) Net Unamortized Discount ) Junior Notes Payable Total Notes Payable 
 Statutory Trust I and Statutory Trust II Notes Payable 
 We have junior subordinated notes payable in the aggregate amount of to the Hersha Statutory Trusts pursuant to indenture agreements which will mature on July 30, 2035, but may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, prior to maturity in accordance with the provisions of the indenture agreements. The notes issued to Hersha Statutory Trust I and Hersha Statutory Trust II, bear interest at a variable rate of LIBOR plus per annum. This rate resets two business days prior to each quarterly payment. The weighted average interest rate on our junior subordinated notes payable during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Junior Notes Payable 
 On February 17, 2021, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with several purchasers (the Purchasers ). The Company issued and sold to the Purchasers aggregate principal amount of the Company s Unsecured PIK Toggle Notes due 2026 (the Notes on February 23, 2021. The Notes were set to mature on February 23, 2026. The Notes bore interest at a rate of per year, payable in arrears on June 30, September 30, December 31 and March 31 of each year, beginning on June 30, 2021. We elected the option to pay interest (a) in cash at a rate per annum equal to per annum, and (b) in kind at a rate per annum equal to per annum PIK Interest for the interest periods ended June 30, 2021, September 30, 2021, December 31, 2021, and March 31, 2022, increasing the principal balance by to prior to the payoff. 
 
 On August 4, 2022, using a portion of the proceeds from the dispositions discussed in Note 2 - Investment in Hotel Properties, we paid off the Junior Notes, payable at a redemption price of , or . We incurred debt extinguishment expense of to redeem the Junior Notes on August 4, 2022. 

83 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest Rate Swap Contracts on Mortgages Unsecured Notes Payable Credit Facility and Term Loans Interest Rate Swap Contracts on Credit Facility and Term Loans ) Deferred Financing Costs Amortization Other Total Interest Expense 

84 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 6 
 hotels within our consolidated portfolio of hotels where we do not own the land on which the hotels reside, rather we lease the land from an unrelated third-party lessor. All of our land leases are classified as operating leases and have initial terms, with extension options that range from August 2064 to October 2103. Based on the nature of these leases, the Company assumed that all extension options would be fully executed in the measurement of the right of use assets and lease liabilities. Some of our land leases include variable payments, which are tied to an index such as the consumer price index or include rental payments based partially on the hotel revenues. Lease costs for our land leases are presented as Hotel Ground Rent in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 We disposed of the following hotels during the year ended December 31, 2022 which had ground leases that were assumed by the buyers: the Courtyard Brookline, the Gate JFK Airport, Hotel Milo, and Towneplace Suites Sunnyvale. Right of Use Assets totaling and Lease Liabilities totaling were written off upon disposition. 
 
 additional office space leases are also factored into the lease liability and are classified as operating leases with terms ranging from March 2023 to December 2027. Our office space leases include variable payments for the Company's proportionate share of the building's property taxes, insurance, and common area maintenance. Lease costs for our office spaces are included in General and Administrative Expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Variable lease costs Total lease costs 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Ground Lease Office Lease Total Operating lease costs Variable lease costs Total lease costs 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Ground Lease Office Lease Total Operating lease costs Variable lease costs Total lease costs 
 
 85 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 Weighted average remaining lease term in years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease liability 

86 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 7 
 terms and are subject to early termination upon the occurrence of defaults and certain other events described therein. As required under the REIT qualification rules, HHMLP must qualify as an eligible independent contractor during the term of the management agreements. Under the management agreements, HHMLP generally pays the operating expenses of our hotels. All operating expenses or other expenses incurred by HHMLP in performing its authorized duties are reimbursed or borne by our TRS to the extent the operating expenses or other expenses are incurred within the limits of the applicable approved hotel operating budget. HHMLP is not obligated to advance any of its own funds for operating expenses of a hotel or to incur any liability in connection with operating a hotel. Management agreements with other unaffiliated hotel management companies have similar terms. 
 For its services, HHMLP receives a base management fee and, if a hotel exceeds certain thresholds, an incentive management fee. The base management fee for a hotel is due monthly and is equal to of gross revenues associated with each hotel managed for the related month. The incentive management fee, if any, for a hotel is due annually in arrears on the ninetieth day following the end of each fiscal year and is based upon the financial performance of the hotels. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, base management fees incurred totaled , and respectively, and are recorded as Other Hotel Operating Expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, incentive management fees incurred totaled , and respectively. 
 Franchise Agreements 
 Our branded hotel properties are operated under franchise agreements assumed by the hotel property lessee. The franchise agreements have to year terms, but may be terminated by either the franchisee or franchisor on certain anniversary dates specified in the agreements. The franchise agreements require annual payments for franchise royalties, reservation, and advertising services, and such payments are based upon percentages of gross room revenue. These payments are paid by the hotels and charged to expense as incurred. Franchise fee expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and respectively, and are recorded in Other Hotel Operating Expenses. The initial fees incurred to enter into the franchise agreements are amortized over the life of the franchise agreements. 
 Accounting, Revenue Management and Information Technology Fees 
 Each of the wholly-owned hotels and consolidated joint venture hotel properties managed by HHMLP incurs a monthly accounting and information technology fee. Monthly fees for accounting services are between and per property and monthly information technology fees range from to per property. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred accounting fees of , and respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred information technology fees of , and respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred revenue management service fees of , and . Accounting fees, revenue management fees, information technology fees, and revenue management service fees are included in Other Hotel Operating Expenses. 
 Capital Expenditure Fees 
 HHMLP charges a fee between - on certain capital expenditures and pending renovation projects at the properties as compensation for procurement services related to capital expenditures and for project management of renovation projects. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred fees of , and respectively, which were capitalized with the cost of the related capital expenditures. 
 87 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 after such party ceases to be an officer or trustee of the Company. Our Acquisition Committee of the Board of Trustees is comprised solely of independent trustees, and the purchase prices and all material terms of the purchase of hotels from related parties are approved by the Acquisition Committee. 
 Hotel Supplies 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred charges for hotel supplies of , and respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred charges for capital expenditure purchases of , and respectively. These purchases were made from Hersha Purchasing and Design, a hotel supply company owned, in part, by certain executives and trustees of the Company. Hotel supplies are expensed and included in Hotel Operating Expenses on our consolidated statements of operations, and capital expenditure purchases are included in investment in hotel properties on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Insurance Services 
 Prior to January 1, 2021, the Company utilized the services of the Hersha Group, a risk management business owned, in part, by certain executives and trustees of the Company. The Hersha Group provided consulting and procurement services to the Company related to the placement of property and casualty insurance, placement of general liability insurance, and for claims handling for our hotel properties. Beginning January 1, 2021, these services were provided by a third-party service provider. The total costs of property insurance that we paid through the Hersha Group was for the year ended December 31, 2020. This amount paid to the Hersha Group includes insurance premiums and brokerage fees as compensation for brokerage services. 
 Restaurant Lease Agreements with Independent Restaurant Group 
 The Company has entered into management agreements with Independent Restaurant Group IRG ), subject to the supervision of HHMLP, as property manager, for restaurants at of its hotel properties. Jay H. Shah and Neil H. Shah, executive officers and/or trustees of the Company, collectively own a interest in IRG. Management fees incurred to IRG were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Due From Related Parties 
 The due from related parties balance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. The balances primarily consisted of working capital deposits made to HHMLP and other entities owned, in part, by certain executives and trustees of the Company. 
 Due to Related Parties 
 The balance due to related parties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. The balance at December 31, 2022 primarily consists of amounts due to HHMLP for monthly management fees discussed above. 
 Litigation 
 We are not presently subject to any material litigation nor, to our knowledge, is any other litigation threatened against us, other than routine actions for negligence or other claims and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, some of which are expected to be covered by liability insurance and all of which collectively are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations or business or financial condition. 
 88 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 8 
 
 89 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 1-Month LIBOR + 
 September 3, 2019 August 10, 2022 ) Credit Facility Swap 1-Month LIBOR + 
 September 3, 2019 August 10, 2022 ) Credit Facility (1) Swap 1-Month LIBOR + 
 September 10, 2019 September 10, 2024 ) Credit Facility Swap 1-Month SOFR + 
 August 30, 2022 September 10, 2024 Credit Facility Swap 1-Month SOFR + 
 September 6, 2022 August 4, 2024 Mortgages: Hyatt, Union Square, New York, NY Swap 1-Month LIBOR + 
 June 7, 2019 June 7, 2023 ) Hilton Garden Inn Tribeca, New York, NY Swap 1-Month LIBOR + 
 July 25, 2019 July 25, 2024 ) Hilton Garden Inn Tribeca, New York, NY Swap 1-Month LIBOR + 
 July 25, 2019 July 25, 2024 ) Hilton Garden Inn 52nd Street, New York, NY Cap 1-Month SOFR December 4, 2022 December 1, 2023 Hilton Garden Inn 52nd Street, New York, NY Swap 1-Month LIBOR + 
 December 4, 2019 December 4, 2022 ) Courtyard, LA Westside, Culver City, CA (2) Cap 1-Month LIBOR August 1, 2021 August 1, 2024 ) 
 (1) This swap was amended on August 26, 2022 to replace the 1-month LIBOR index with a 1-month SOFR index, and of the notional amount was terminated. 
 (2) This cap was terminated during the year ended December 31, 2022 as the hotel was sold and the underlying debt was paid off. 
 
 The fair value of the interest rate swaps and caps with an asset balance are included in Other Assets and the fair value of the interest rate swaps and caps with a liability balance are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 The net change related to derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges recognized as unrealized gains and losses reflected on our consolidated balance sheet in accumulated other comprehensive income was a gain of , a gain of , and a loss of for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s variable-rate derivatives. The change in net unrealized gains/losses on cash flow hedges reflects a reclassification of ), ) and of net unrealized gains/losses from accumulated other comprehensive income as an increase/decrease to interest expense during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2023, the Company estimates that an additional will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense. 
 90 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 and , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the carrying value and estimated fair value of the Company s debt were and , respectively. 
 91 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 9 
 in cash and in equity awards. The Compensation Committee provided the option to the executive officers to elect equity awards in lieu of cash payment for amounts earned under the 2022 STIP. As of December 31, 2022, no LTIP Units have been issued to the executive officers in settlement of the 2022 STIP. 
 The Company accounts for grants earned under the STIP as performance awards for which the Company assesses the probability of achievement of the performance conditions at the end of each period. Estimates of amounts earned under the STIP are recorded in general and administrative expense on the consolidated statement of operations and a liability is recorded in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Long Term Incentive Program - On May 26, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved the 2022 LTIP in which are issuable based on the Company's achievement of a certain level of (1) absolute total shareholder return of the award), (2) relative total shareholder return as compared to the Company s peer group of the award), and (3) relative growth in revenue per available room ("RevPar") compared to the Company s peer group of the award) and the remaining of the awards provide for time-based vesting. On May 26, 2022, the Compensation Committee awarded LTIP Units related to the time-based portion of the plan. These Units will vest over a three year period from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The LTIP Units awarded were determined by dividing the dollar amount of award earned by , the per share volume weighted average trading price of the Company's common shares on the NYSE for the 20 trading days prior to December 31, 2021. The market-based portion of the 2022 LTIP has a three-year performance period which commenced on January 1, 2022 and ends December 31, 2024. 
 The Company accounts for the total shareholder return components of these grants as market based awards where the Company estimates unearned compensation at the grant date fair value which is then amortized into compensation cost over the vesting period of each individual plan. The Company accounts for the RevPAR component of the grants as performance-based awards for which the Company assesses the probable achievement of the performance conditions at the end of the reporting period. As of December 31, 2022, no shares or LTIP Units have been issued to the executive officers in settlement of the 2022 market-based LTIP awards. 

92 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 period subject to continued service to the Company s board of trustees. 
 Board Fee Compensation Elected in Equity - Trustees can make a voluntary election to receive any portion of their board fee compensation in the form of common equity valued at a premium to the cash that would have been received. Shares issued for board retainer elected in equity vest over the year of service covered by the retainer and shares issued for service as lead director, committee chair and committee membership vest immediately upon issuance. 
 
 For shares issued that are subject to vesting, unearned compensation is recorded in additional paid in capital on the consolidated balance sheet and is amortized in general and administrative expense on the consolidated statement of operations over the vesting period. Share based compensation for shares issued that immediately vest is recorded in general and administrative expense on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Employees and Non-Employees 
 Grants of restricted shares are issued to attract, retain and reward employees and non-employees that are critical to the Company s success. These restricted shares typically vest over a period of between one and , subject to continued service to the Company. 
 93 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 Granted N/A Vested ) ) N/A Forfeited N/A ) N/A Unvested Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited N/A ) N/A Unvested Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited N/A ) N/A Unvested Balance as of December 31, 2022 

94 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 Restricted Share Awards Share Awards Unissued Awards Market Based Total 
 The weighted-average period of which the unrecognized compensation expense will be recorded is approximately years for LTIP Unit Awards and years for Restricted Share Awards. 
 Restricted Share Awards 
 
 95 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 10 
 ) ) Income (loss) allocated to Noncontrolling Interests ) Distributions to Preferred Shareholders ) ) ) Dividends Paid on Unvested Restricted Shares and LTIP Units ) Net Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations attributable to Common Shareholders ) ) DENOMINATOR: Weighted average number of common shares - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Restricted Stock Awards and LTIP Units (unvested) Contingently Issued Shares and Units Weighted average number of common shares - diluted 
 Income (loss) allocated to noncontrolling interest in HHLP has been excluded from the numerator and Common Units and Vested LTIP Units have been omitted from the denominator for the purpose of computing diluted earnings per share since including these amounts in the numerator and denominator would have no impact. In addition, potentially dilutive common shares, if any, have been excluded from the denominator if they are anti-dilutive to income (loss) applicable to common shareholders. 
 96 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 11 
 , and respectively. Net Cash paid on Interest Rate Derivative contracts during 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled , and , respectively. Cash paid for income taxes during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Conversion of Common Units and LTIP Units to Common Shares Issuance of share based payments Accrued payables for fixed assets placed into service Increase in accrued liabilities related to insurance premium financing agreements Adjustment to Record Non-Controlling Interest at Redemption Value ) Right of Use Assets obtained in exchange for Lease Liabilities 
 Escrowed cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 Amounts included in restricted cash represent those required to be set aside in escrow by contractual agreements with various lenders for the payment of specific items such as property insurance, property tax, and capital expenditures. 
 97 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 12 
 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares outstanding consisting of three separate Series issuances. Series D Series E Total 
 
 was paid on March 26, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid cash dividends on the Company's Series C, Series D and Series E cumulative redeemable preferred stock reflecting accrued and unpaid dividends for the dividend periods ended April 15, 2020, July 15, 2020, October 15, 2020 and January 15, 2021. In addition, the Company paid a cash dividend on all Series of cumulative redeemable preferred stock for the dividend periods ending April 15, 2021, July 15, 2021, October 15, 2021, and declared a similar cash dividend for the fourth dividend period ending January 15, 2021, which was paid on January 18, 2022 to holders of record as of December 31, 2021. The Company is current on dividend obligations on all Series of cumulative redeemable preferred stock as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees authorized a share repurchase program for up to of common shares which expired on December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we repurchased common shares for an aggregate purchase price of . Upon repurchase by the Company, these common shares ceased to be outstanding and became authorized but unissued common shares. There was no share repurchase program for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 

98 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there were Common Units and LTIP Units collectively outstanding with a fair market value of , based on the price per share of our common shares on the NYSE on such date. 
 Common Units are issued in connection with the acquisition of wholly owned hotels and joint venture interests in hotel properties. The total number of Common Units outstanding as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. These units can be redeemed for cash or converted to common shares, at the Company s option, on a -for-one basis. The number of common shares issuable upon exercise of the redemption rights will be adjusted upon the occurrence of stock splits, mergers, consolidation or similar pro rata share transactions, that otherwise would have the effect of diluting the ownership interest of the limited partners or our shareholders. During December 31, 2022 and 2021, and Common Units were converted to common shares, respectively, and there were conversions of Common Units during the year ended December 31, 2020. In addition, as noted in Note 9 Share Based Payments, during 2022, the Company issued LTIP Units. During December 31, 2022, LTIP Units were converted to common shares. 
 Redeemable Non-controlling Interest 
 Our joint venture partner has a noncontrolling equity interest of in the Ritz-Carlton Coconut Grove, FL. Hersha Holding RC Owner, LLC, the owner entity of the Ritz-Carlton Coconut Grove joint venture ("Ritz Coconut Grove"), distributes income based on cash available for distribution as follows: (1) to us until we receive a cumulative return on our contributed senior common equity interest, currently at , and (2) then to the owner of the noncontrolling interest until they receive a cumulative return on their contributed junior common equity interest, currently at , and (3) then to us and to the owner of the noncontrolling interest until we both receive a cumulative return on our contributed senior common equity interest, currently at , and (4) finally, any remaining operating profit shall be distributed to us and to the owner of the noncontrolling interest. Additionally, our joint venture partner in the Ritz Coconut Grove has the right to put their ownership interest to us for cash consideration at any time during the life of the venture. 
 The balance sheet and financial results of the Ritz Coconut Grove are included in our consolidated financial statements and the noncontrolling interest in the Ritz Coconut Grove is classified as temporary equity within our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The noncontrolling interest in the Ritz Coconut Grove is measured at the put option redemption value, which is defined in the joint venture agreement. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, based on the income allocation methodology described above, the noncontrolling interest in this joint venture was allocated losses of , and , respectively, and is recorded as part of the (Income) Loss Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests line item within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We reclassified and from Additional Paid in Capital to Noncontrolling Joint Venture Interest to recognize the minority interest at the put option redemption value of and , at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 99 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 13 
 ) ) Adjustment for nontaxable income for Hersha Hospitality Trust ) State income taxes, net of federal income tax effect ) ) Non-deductible expenses, tax credits, and other, net ) Changes in valuation allowance ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 100 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 ) State ) Deferred: Federal State Total 
 Accrued expenses and other Tax credit carryforwards Depreciation and amortization Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total Net deferred tax assets 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, Management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Based on the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over which the deferred tax assets are deductible and limitations related to the utilization of certain tax attribute carryforwards, Management believes it is more likely than not that the remaining deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have gross federal net operating loss carryforwards of of which expire over various periods from 2023 through 2029 and carries forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022, we have gross state net operating loss carryforwards of of which expire over various periods from 2023 to 2040 and carries forward indefinitely. The Company has tax credits of available which begin to expire in 2032. 
 101 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 Return of Capital Capital Gain Distribution Preferred Shares - 6.5 Series D Ordinary income Return of Capital Capital Gain Distribution Preferred Shares - 6.5 Series E Ordinary income Return of Capital Capital Gain Distribution Common Shares - Class A Ordinary income N/A Return of Capital N/A Capital Gain Distribution N/A 
 
 102 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE/UNIT AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

 NOTE 14 Food Beverage Other Other Revenues Hotel Operating Expenses: Room Food Beverage Other Other Expenses ) Loss from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures ) Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes ) Income Tax Benefit (Expense) ) ) ) Net Income (Loss) ) Income (loss) Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests ) (Loss) Income Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests - Consolidated Joint Venture ) Preferred Distributions Net Income (Loss) applicable to Common Shareholders ) Earnings per share: Basic Net Income (Loss) applicable to Common Shareholders ) Diluted Net Income (Loss) applicable to Common Shareholders ) Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Diluted Year Ended December 31, 2021 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Hotel Operating Revenues: Room Food Beverage Other Other Revenues Hotel Operating Expenses: Room Food Beverage Other Other Expenses Loss from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures ) ) ) ) Loss Before Income Taxes ) ) ) Income Tax Benefit (Expense) ) ) ) Net Loss ) ) ) Loss Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests ) ) ) Loss Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests - Consolidated Joint Ventures ) Preferred Distributions Net Loss applicable to Common Shareholders ) ) ) Earnings per share: Basic Net Loss applicable to Common Shareholders ) ) ) Diluted Net Loss applicable to Common Shareholders ) ) ) Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Diluted 
 
 103 

HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES) ) 3/28/2018 Hilton Garden Inn JFK, JFK Airport, NY ) 2/16/2006 Hyatt House White Plains, White Plains, NY ) 12/28/2006 Hampton Inn Seaport, Seaport, NY ) 2/1/2007 NU Hotel Brooklyn, Brooklyn, NY ) 1/14/2008 Hilton Garden Inn Tribeca, Tribeca, NY ) ) 5/1/2009 Cadillac Hotel Beach Club, Miami, FL ) 11/16/2011 The Rittenhouse Hotel, Philadelphia, PA ) 3/1/2012 The Boxer Boston, Boston, MA ) 5/7/2012 Holiday Inn Express Chelsea, Manhattan, NY ) 6/18/2012 Hyatt Union Square, Union Square, NY ) ) 4/9/2013 Hilton Garden Inn Manhattan Midtown East, Midtown East, NY ) ) 5/27/2014 

104 

) 5/7/2014 The Winter Haven Hotel Miami Beach, Miami Beach, FL ) 12/20/2013 The Blue Moon Hotel Miami Beach, Miami Beach, FL ) 12/20/2013 The St. Gregory Hotel, Dupont Circle, Washington D.C. ) ) 6/16/2015 The Ritz-Carlton Georgetown, Washington D.C. ) 12/29/2015 The Sanctuary Beach Resort, Marina, CA ) ) 1/28/2016 The Envoy Boston Seaport, Boston, MA ) 7/21/2016 Mystic Marriott Hotel Spa, Groton, CT ) 1/3/2017 The Ritz-Carlton Coconut Grove, Coconut Grove, FL ) 2/1/2017 Philadelphia Westin, Philadelphia, PA ) 6/29/2017 The Ambrose Hotel, Santa Monica, CA ) 12/1/2016 Total Investment in Real Estate ) ) 
 (1) Costs capitalized subsequent to acquisition include reductions of asset value due to impairment. 
 
 Assets are depreciated over a to -year life, upon which the latest income statement is computed. 
 The aggregate cost of land, buildings and improvements for Federal income tax purposes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is approximately , and , respectively. 
 Depreciation is computed for buildings and improvements using a useful life for these assets of to years. 
 See Accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 105 

Additions during the year Dispositions ) ) ) Total Real Estate Reconciliation of Accumulated Depreciation Balance at beginning of year Depreciation for year Accumulated depreciation on assets sold ) ) ) Balance at the end of year 
 
 106 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report are functioning effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. A control system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined within Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting refers to the processes designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria contained in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report which is included herein. 
 107 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Trustees Hersha Hospitality Trust: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Hersha Hospitality Trust and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 108 

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 109 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The required information is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The required information is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Certain of the required information is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 SECURITIES ISSUABLE PURSUANT TO EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 
 As of December 31, 2022, no options or warrants to acquire our securities pursuant to equity compensation plans were outstanding. The following table sets forth the number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights; weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights; and the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities 
 remaining available 
 for future issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation plans (1) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders - - 1,297,507 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders - - - Total - - 1,297,507 
 (1) Represents shares issuable under the Company s 2012 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan. On January 1, 2012, the Company s 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2008 EIP was terminated. Termination of the 2008 EIP does not impact awards issued under the 2008 EIP prior its termination. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence 
 The required information is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The required information is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 110 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report. 
 1. Financial Statements: 
 The following financial statements are included in this report on pages 51 to 101: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 The following financial statement schedule is included in this report on pages 102 to 104: Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 3. Exhibits 
 111 

The following exhibits listed are filed as a part of this report: Exhibit No. 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Declaration of Trust of Hersha Hospitality Trust, as amended and supplemented (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on February 23, 2018 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Hersha Hospitality Trust (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on April 27, 2017 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.1 Form of Common Shares Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on February 23, 2018 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.2 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2005, between Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on May 17, 2005 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.3 Form of Junior Subordinated Note (included in Exhibit 4.2). 
 4.4 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of Hersha Statutory Trust I, dated as of May 13, 2005, among Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership, as depositor, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as property trustee, Chase Bank USA, National Association, as Delaware trustee, the Administrative Trustees named therein and the holders of undivided beneficial interests in the assets of Hersha Statutory Trust I (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on May 17, 2005 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.5 Form of Trust Preferred Security Certificate (included in Exhibit C ). 
 4.6 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of May 31, 2005, between Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on June 6, 2005 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.7 Form of Junior Subordinated Note (included in Exhibit 4.6). 
 4.8 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of Hersha Statutory Trust II, dated as of May 31, 2005, among Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership, as depositor, Wilmington Trust Company, as property trustee and as Delaware trustee, the Administrative Trustees named therein and the holders of undivided beneficial interests in the assets of Hersha Statutory Trust II (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on June 6, 2005 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 4.9 Form of Trust Preferred Security Certificate (included in Exhibit C ). 
 4.10 Form of specimen certificate representing the 6.875 Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 0.01 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Hersha Hospitality Trust's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on March 1, 2013). 
 4.11 Form of specimen certificate representing the 6.50 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 0.01 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Hersha Hospitality Trust's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on May 27, 2016). 
 4.12 Form of specimen certificate representing the 6.50 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 0.01 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Hersha Hospitality Trust's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on November 4, 2016). 
 4.13 Description of Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.13 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on February 25, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on June 5, 1998 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 
 112 

Exhibit No. 10.2 Option Agreement, dated as of June 3, 1998, among Hasu P. Shah, Jay H. Shah, Neil H. Shah, Bharat C. Mehta, K.D. Patel, Rajendra O. Gandhi, Kiran P. Patel, David L. Desfor, Madhusudan I. Patni, Manhar Gandhi and Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on June 5, 1998 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.3 Amendment to Option Agreement, dated December 4, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 10.19(a) to the Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on December 7, 1998 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.4 Administrative Services Agreement, dated January 26, 1999, between Hersha Hospitality Trust and Hersha Hospitality Management, L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on June 5, 1998 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.5 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership, dated as of April 21, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on April 23, 2003 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.6 Second Amendment to Option Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on February 24, 2004 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.7 Third Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership, dated August 5, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on August 8, 2005 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.8 Fourth Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hersha Hospitality Trust, dated May 18, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on August 8, 2011 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.9 Form of Share Award Agreement for April 2012 restricted common share award (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.10 Form of Fifth Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hersha Hospitality Trust Limited Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Hersha Hospitality Trust's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2013). 
 10.11 Sixth Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership, dated as of December 23, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Hersha Hospitality Trust's Current Report on 8-K filed on December 23, 2014). 
 10.12 Amended and Restated Hersha Hospitality Trust 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, amended as of May 27, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Hersha Hospitality Trust's Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 16, 2021). 
 10.13 Form of LTIP Unit Vesting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Hersha Hospitality Trust's Current Report on 8-K filed on December 23, 2014). 
 10.14 Seventh Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership, dated as of June 22, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Hersha Hospitality Trust's Quarterly Report on 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015). 
 10.15 Eighth Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership, dated as of May 27, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Hersha Hospitality Trust's Current Report on 8-K filed on May 24, 2016). 
 10.16 Ninth Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership, dated as of November 4, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Hersha Hospitality Trust's Current Report on 8-K filed on November 4, 2016). 
 10.17 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated April 26, 2017, by and among Hersha Hospitality Trust, Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on May 2, 2017). 

113 

Exhibit No. 10.18 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated April 26, 2017, by and among Hersha Hospitality Trust, Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership and Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated (filed as Exhibit 1.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on May 2, 2017). 
 10.19 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated April 26, 2017, by and among Hersha Hospitality Trust, Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC (filed as Exhibit 1.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on May 2, 2017). 
 10.20 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated April 26, 2017, by and among Hersha Hospitality Trust, Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership and Raymond James Associates, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 1.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on May 2, 2017). 
 10.21 Tenth Amendment to the Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on May 2, 2017). 
 10.22 Eleventh Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership, Dated July 31, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.23 Form of Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated August 3, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.24 Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021, by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, as representatives of the several initial purchasers listed on Schedule I attached thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on February 22, 2021). 
 10.25 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2022, by and among Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership, as borrower, Hersha Hospitality Trust, as parent guarantor, the subsidiary guarantors named therein, as guarantors, the initial lenders and initial issuing banks named therein, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as co-syndication agents, Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, Fifth Third Bank and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as co-documentation agents, and Citibank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as joint lead arrangers and joint book running managers (as filed Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on August 8, 2022). 
 10.26 Security Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2022, by and among Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership, as Borrower and a Grantor, the other Grantors party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent (as filed Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hersha Hospitality Trust on August 8, 2022). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Exhibit No. 101.INS Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 114 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST February 23, 2023 /s/ Neil H. Shah Neil H. Shah Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Jay H. Shah Chairman and Trustee February 23, 2023 Jay H. Shah /s/ Neil H. Shah Chief Executive Officer and Trustee 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 February 23, 2023 Neil H. Shah /s/ Ashish R. Parikh Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 February 23, 2023 Ashish R. Parikh /s/ Michael R. Gillespie Chief Accounting Officer 
 Principal Accounting Officer 
 February 23, 2023 Michael R. Gillespie /s/ Donald J. Landry Trustee February 23, 2023 Donald J. Landry /s/ Jackson Hsieh Trustee February 23, 2023 Jackson Hsieh /s/ Thomas J. Hutchison III Trustee February 23, 2023 Thomas J. Hutchison III /s/ Michael A. Leven Trustee February 23, 2023 Michael A. Leven /s/ Dianna F. Morgan Trustee February 23, 2023 Dianna F. Morgan /s/ John M. Sabin Trustee February 23, 2023 John M. Sabin 
 
 115 

<EX-4.13>
 2
 ht_12312022x413.htm
 EX-4.13

Document 

Exhibit 4.13 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following descriptions of the material terms of the securities of Hersha Hospitality Trust we, our, our company and us registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are only a summary and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, Maryland law and our declaration of trust, including the applicable articles supplementary, and our amended and restated bylaws, or our bylaws. We have incorporated by reference our declaration of trust and bylaws as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.13 is a part. 
 Overview 
 Our declaration of trust provides that we may issue up to 104,000,000 Priority Class A common shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share, or our common shares, 1,000,000 Class B common shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share, and 29,000,000 preferred shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share, of which (i) 3,000,000 shares have been designated as 6.875 Series C cumulative redeemable preferred shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share, (ii) 9,050,000 shares are classified as 6.50 Series D cumulative redeemable preferred shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share, and (iii) 5,600,000 shares are classified as 6.50 Series E cumulative redeemable preferred shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share. 
 Our common shares currently trade on the NYSE under the symbol HT , our Series C preferred shares currently trade on the NYSE under symbol HTPRC , our Series D preferred shares currently trade on the NYSE under symbol HTPRD and our Series E preferred shares currently trade on the NYSE under symbol HTPRE . The transfer agent for these shares is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company. Our common shares, our Series C preferred shares, our Series D preferred shares and our Series E preferred shares are subject to certain restrictions on ownership and transfer which were adopted for the purpose of enabling us to preserve our status as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, among other purposes. 
 As permitted by the Maryland statute governing real estate investment trusts formed under the laws of that state, which is referred to as the Maryland REIT Law, our declaration of trust authorizes our board of trustees, without any action by our shareholders, to amend our declaration of trust to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of beneficial interest or the number of shares of any class of shares of beneficial interest that we have authority to issue. Maryland law and our declaration of trust provide that our shareholders are not personally liable for any of our debts, claims, demands, judgments or obligations solely by reason of their status as a shareholder. 
 Common Shares 
 The common shares we may offer from time to time, upon issuance against full payment of the applicable purchase price, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 
 Voting Rights of Common Shares 
 Subject to the provisions of our declaration of trust regarding the restrictions on the transfer and ownership of shares of beneficial interest, each outstanding common share entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of trustees. Except as may be provided with respect to any class or series of our preferred shares, including our Series C preferred shares, our Series D preferred shares and our Series E preferred shares, only holders of our common shares possess voting rights. Our bylaws provide for the election of trustees in uncontested elections by a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present. Under this standard, a majority of the votes cast means the number of votes cast for a trustee s election exceeds the number of votes cast against that trustee s election. Our bylaws provide for the election of trustees by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present if the number of nominees exceeds the number of trustees to be elected (a contested election). 
 Dividends, Liquidation and Other Rights 
 Holders of our common shares are entitled to receive dividends when authorized by our board of trustees and declared by us out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends, and the holders of common shares are entitled to 

share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our shareholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after payment of or adequate provision for all of our known debts and liabilities. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of the holders of our outstanding Series C preferred shares, our outstanding Series D preferred shares and our outstanding Series E preferred shares, as well as the rights of the holders of any other series of our preferred shares that may be created in the future, and to the provisions of our declaration of trust regarding restrictions on transfer of our shares. 
 The holders of our common shares have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund, redemption or appraisal rights and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any additional common shares. Subject to the restrictions on transfer of shares contained in our declaration of trust and to the ability of the board of trustees to create common shares with differing voting rights, all common shares will have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. 
 Preferred Shares 
 We may offer and sell preferred shares from time to time, in one or more classes or series (including additional Series C preferred shares, additional Series D preferred shares and additional Series E preferred shares), as authorized by our board of trustees. The preferred shares we may offer from time to time, upon issuance against payment of the full purchase price, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Our declaration of trust authorizes our board of trustees to classify any unissued preferred shares and to reclassify any previously classified but unissued preferred shares of any class or series from time to time in one or more class or series, as authorized by our board of trustees. Prior to issuance of shares of each class or series, our board of trustees is required by the Maryland REIT Law and our declaration of trust to set for each such class or series, subject to the provisions of our declaration of trust regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of shares of beneficial interest, the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each such class or series. Our board of trustees could authorize the issuance of preferred shares with terms and conditions that could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of common shares or otherwise be in their best interest. 
 The prospectus supplement governing the offering of any preferred shares will describe the specific terms of such securities, including 
 the title and stated value of the preferred shares 
 the number of preferred shares offered and the offering price of the preferred shares 
 the dividend rate(s), period(s) and or payment date(s) or method(s) of calculation of any of those terms that apply to the preferred shares 
 the date from which dividends on the preferred shares will accumulate, if applicable 
 any limitations on the payment of dividends or other distributions 
 the terms and amount of a sinking fund, if any, for the purchase or redemption of the preferred shares 
 the redemption rights, including conditions and the redemption price(s), if applicable, of the preferred shares 
 any listing of the preferred shares on any securities exchange 
 the terms and conditions, if applicable, upon which the preferred shares will be convertible into common shares or any of our other securities, including the conversion price or rate (or manner of calculation thereof) 
 the relative ranking and preference of the preferred shares as to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or the winding up of our affairs 
 any limitations on issuance of any class or series of preferred shares ranking senior to or on a parity with that series of preferred shares as to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or the winding up of our affairs 
 the procedures for any auction and remarketing, if any, for the preferred shares 
 any other specific terms, preferences, rights, limitations or restrictions of the preferred shares 
 a discussion of any additional federal income tax consequences applicable to the preferred shares and 
 any limitations on direct or beneficial ownership and restrictions on transfer in addition to those described in Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer, in each case as may be appropriate to preserve our status as a real estate investment trust. 
 
 The terms of any preferred shares we issue will be set forth in articles supplementary or an amendment to our declaration of trust. We will file the articles supplementary or amendment as an exhibit to the registration statement, or as an exhibit to a filing with the SEC that is incorporated by reference into the prospectus. The description of preferred shares in 

any prospectus supplement will not describe all of the terms of the preferred shares in detail. You should read the applicable articles supplementary or amendment to our declaration of trust for a complete description of all of the terms. 
 Rank 
 Unless otherwise indicated in the accompanying prospectus supplement, the preferred shares offered through that supplement will, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, rank 
 senior to all classes or series of our common shares, and to all other equity securities ranking junior to those preferred shares 
 on a parity with all of our equity securities ranking on a parity with the preferred shares and 
 junior to all of our equity securities ranking senior to the preferred shares. 
 The term equity securities does not include convertible debt securities. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to any preferential rights of any outstanding shares or series of shares, and to the provisions of our declaration of trust regarding ownership of shares in excess of the ownership limitation described in Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer, holders of our preferred shares are entitled to receive dividends, when authorized by our board of trustees and declared by us out of assets legally available for payment of dividends. 
 Redemption 
 If we provide for a redemption right in a prospectus supplement relating to an offering of preferred shares, the preferred shares offered through that supplement will be subject to mandatory redemption or redemption at our or the holder s option, in whole or in part, in each case upon the terms, at the times and at the redemption prices set forth in that supplement. 
 Liquidation Preference 
 As to any preferred shares we may offer from time to time, the applicable prospectus supplement will provide that, upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, the holders of those preferred shares will receive, before any distribution or payment is made to the holders of any other class or series of shares ranking junior to those preferred shares with respect to rights upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, and after payment or provision for payment of our debts and other liabilities, out of our assets legally available for distribution to shareholders, liquidating distributions in the amount of any liquidation preference per share (set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement), plus an amount, if applicable, equal to all distributions accrued and unpaid thereon (not including any accumulation in respect of unpaid distributions for prior distribution periods if those preferred shares do not have a cumulative distribution). After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, the holders of those preferred shares will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. In the event that, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the legally available assets are insufficient to pay the amount of the liquidating distributions on all of those outstanding preferred shares and the corresponding amounts payable on all other preferred shares ranking on a parity with those preferred shares with respect to rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, then the holders of those preferred shares and all other preferred shares will share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. 
 If the liquidating distributions are made in full to all holders of preferred shares entitled to receive those distributions prior to any other classes or series of equity security ranking junior to the preferred shares upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, then our remaining assets will be distributed among the holders of those junior classes or series of equity shares, in each case according to their respective rights and preferences and their respective number of shares. 
 The liquidation preference is not indicative of the price at which the preferred shares will actually trade on or after the date of issuance. 
 Voting Rights 
 Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable supplement, holders of our preferred shares will not have any voting rights, except as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the NYSE or any other securities exchange on which the preferred shares are listed. 

Conversion Rights 
 The terms and conditions, if any, upon which any class or series of preferred shares is convertible into common shares will be set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to the offering of those preferred shares. These terms typically will include 
 the number of common shares into which the preferred shares are convertible 
 the conversion price (or manner of calculation thereof) 
 the conversion period 
 provisions as to whether conversion will be at the option of the holders of the preferred shares or at our option 
 the events requiring an adjustment of the conversion price and 
 provisions affecting conversion in the event of the redemption of that class or series of preferred shares. 
 
 Series C Preferred Shares 
 The Series C preferred shares generally provide for the following rights, preferences and obligations 
 Dividend Rights. The Series C preferred shares accrue a cumulative cash dividend at an annual rate of 6.875 on the 25.00 per share liquidation preference, equivalent to a fixed annual amount of 1.71875 per share per year. 
 
 Liquidation Rights. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, the holders of Series C preferred shares will be entitled to receive a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends to the date of payment, before any payment or distribution will be made or set aside for holders of any junior shares, including our common shares. 
 
 Redemption Provisions. The Series C preferred shares are not redeemable prior to March 6, 2018, except in certain limited circumstances. On and after March 6, 2018, the Series C preferred shares may be redeemed for cash at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice, at a redemption price equal to 25.00 per share plus an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends to and including the date fixed for redemption, except in certain limited circumstances. The Series C preferred shares have no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption provisions. 
 
 Voting Rights. Holders of Series C preferred shares generally have no voting rights. Whenever dividends on any Series C preferred shares shall be in arrears for six or more quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, the number of trustees then constituting the board of trustees shall be increased by two, if not already increased by reason of similar types of provisions with respect to another series of Series C Parity Preferred (as defined below), and the holders of Series C preferred shares (voting together as a single class with the holders of all other series of preferred shares ranking on a parity with the Series C preferred shares as to dividends or upon liquidation, including the Series D preferred shares and the Series E preferred shares Series C Parity Preferred ), upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable) will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two trustees, if not already elected by the holders of Series C Parity Preferred by reason of similar types of provisions with respect to preferred share trustees, at a special meeting of the shareholders called by the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series C preferred shares or the holders of 20 of any other series of Series C Parity Preferred so in arrears (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of shareholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting until all dividends accrued on such Series C preferred shares for the past dividend periods shall have been fully paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for payment. In addition, the issuance of senior shares or certain changes to the terms of the Series C preferred shares that would be materially adverse to the rights of holders of Series C preferred shares cannot be made without the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series C preferred shares voting separately as a single class. 
 
 Conversion and Preemptive Rights. Except in connection with certain changes in control of our company and in accordance with certain provisions in our declaration of trust related to restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares, the Series C preferred shares are not convertible or exchangeable for any of our other 

securities or property, and holders of our Series C preferred shares have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any securities of our company. 
 
 For additional information regarding our Series C preferred shares, see our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on March 1, 2013. 
 Series D Preferred Shares 
 The Series D preferred shares generally provide for the following rights, preferences and obligations 
 Dividend Rights. The Series D preferred shares accrue a cumulative cash dividend at an annual rate of 6.50 on the 25.00 per share liquidation preference, equivalent to a fixed annual amount of 1.625 per share per year. 
 
 Liquidation Rights. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, the holders of Series D preferred shares will be entitled to receive a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends to the date of payment, before any payment or distribution will be made or set aside for holders of any junior shares, including our common shares. 
 
 Redemption Provisions. The Series D preferred shares are not redeemable prior to May 31, 2021, except in certain limited circumstances. On and after May 31, 2021, the Series D preferred shares may be redeemed for cash at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice, at a redemption price equal to 25.00 per share plus an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends to and including the date fixed for redemption, except in certain limited circumstances. The Series D preferred shares have no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption provisions. 
 
 Voting Rights. Holders of Series D preferred shares generally have no voting rights. Whenever dividends on any Series D preferred shares shall be in arrears for six or more quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, the number of trustees then constituting the board of trustees shall be increased by two, if not already increased by reason of similar types of provisions with respect to another series of Series D Parity Preferred (as defined below), and the holders of Series D preferred shares (voting together as a single class with the holders of all other series of preferred shares ranking on a parity with the Series D preferred shares as to dividends or upon liquidation, including the Series C preferred shares and the Series E preferred shares Series D Parity Preferred ), upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable) will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two trustees, if not already elected by the holders of Series D Parity Preferred by reason of similar types of provisions with respect to preferred share trustees, at a special meeting of the shareholders called by the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series D preferred shares or the holders of 20 of any other series of Series D Parity Preferred so in arrears (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of shareholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting until all dividends accrued on such Series D preferred shares for the past dividend periods shall have been fully paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for payment. In addition, the issuance of senior shares or certain changes to the terms of the Series D preferred shares that would be materially adverse to the rights of holders of Series D preferred shares cannot be made without the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series D preferred shares voting separately as a single class. 
 
 Conversion and Preemptive Rights. Except in connection with certain changes in control of our company and in accordance with certain provisions in our declaration of trust related to restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares, the Series D preferred shares are not convertible or exchangeable for any of our other securities or property, and holders of our Series D preferred shares have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any securities of our company. 
 
 For additional information regarding our Series D preferred shares, see our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on May 27, 2016. 

Series E Preferred Shares 
 The Series E preferred shares generally provide for the following rights, preferences and obligations 
 Dividend Rights. The Series E preferred shares accrue a cumulative cash dividend at an annual rate of 6.50 on the 25.00 per share liquidation preference, equivalent to a fixed annual amount of 1.625 per share per year. 
 
 Liquidation Rights. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, the holders of Series E preferred shares will be entitled to receive a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends to the date of payment, before any payment or distribution will be made or set aside for holders of any junior shares, including our common shares. 
 
 Redemption Provisions. The Series E preferred shares are not redeemable prior to November 7, 2021, except in certain limited circumstances. On and after November 7, 2021, the Series E preferred shares may be redeemed for cash at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice, at a redemption price equal to 25.00 per share plus an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends to and including the date fixed for redemption, except in certain limited circumstances. The Series E preferred shares have no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption provisions. 
 
 Voting Rights. Holders of Series E preferred shares generally have no voting rights. Whenever dividends on any Series E preferred shares shall be in arrears for six or more quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, the number of trustees then constituting the board of trustees shall be increased by two, if not already increased by reason of similar types of provisions with respect to another series of Series E Parity Preferred (as defined below), and the holders of Series E preferred shares (voting together as a single class with the holders of all other series of preferred shares ranking on a parity with the Series E preferred shares as to dividends or upon liquidation, including the Series C preferred shares and the Series D preferred shares Series E Parity Preferred ), upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable) will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two trustees, if not already elected by the holders of Series E Parity Preferred by reason of similar types of provisions with respect to preferred share trustees, at a special meeting of the shareholders called by the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series E preferred shares or the holders of 20 of any other series of Series E Parity Preferred so in arrears (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of shareholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting until all dividends accrued on such Series E preferred shares for the past dividend periods shall have been fully paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for payment. In addition, the issuance of senior shares or certain changes to the terms of the Series E preferred shares that would be materially adverse to the rights of holders of Series E preferred shares cannot be made without the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series E preferred shares voting separately as a single class. 
 
 Conversion and Preemptive Rights. Except in connection with certain changes in control of our company and in accordance with certain provisions in our declaration of trust related to restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares, the Series E preferred shares are not convertible or exchangeable for any of our other securities or property, and holders of our Series E preferred shares have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any securities of our company. 
 
 For additional information regarding our Series E preferred shares, see our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on November 4, 2016. 
 Classification or Reclassification of Common Shares or Preferred Shares 
 Our declaration of trust authorizes our board of trustees to classify or reclassify any unissued common shares or preferred shares into one or more classes or series of shares of beneficial interest by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of such new class or series of shares of beneficial interest. 

Classification of Our Board of Trustees 
 In accordance with our declaration of trust, our bylaws provide that the number of our trustees may be established by our board of trustees but may not be fewer than three nor more than nine. The trustees may increase or decrease the number of trustees by a vote of at least 80 of the members of our board of trustees, provided that the number of trustees shall never be less than the number required by Maryland law and that the tenure of office of a trustee shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of trustees. Except as may be provided by our board of trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred shares, any vacancy, including a vacancy created by an increase in the number of trustees, will be filled at a regular or special meeting of our board of trustees called for that purpose, by a majority of the remaining trustees or, if no trustees remain, by a plurality of the votes cast by our shareholders at an annual or special meeting of our shareholders at which a quorum is present. Any individual appointed or elected to fill such vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the class in which the vacancy occurred. 
 Pursuant to our declaration of trust, our board of trustees is divided into two classes of trustees. Trustees of each class are chosen for two-year terms and each year one class of trustees will be elected by the shareholders. We believe that classification of our board of trustees helps to assure the continuity and stability of our business strategies and policies as determined by the trustees. Holders of common shares have no right to cumulative voting in the election of trustees. 
 The classification of our board of trustees could have the effect of making the replacement of incumbent trustees more time consuming and difficult. The staggered terms of trustees may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or an attempt to change control in us or other transaction that might involve a premium price for holders of common shares that might be in the best interests of the shareholders. 
 Removal of Trustees 
 Our declaration of trust provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more class or series of preferred shares, a trustee may be removed, with or without cause, upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of trustees. This provision, when coupled with the provision in our bylaws authorizing our board of trustees to fill vacant trusteeships, may preclude shareholders from removing incumbent trustees, except upon a substantial affirmative vote, and filling the vacancies created by such removal with their own nominees. 
 Business Combinations 
 Maryland law prohibits business combinations between us and an interested shareholder or an affiliate of an interested shareholder for five years after the most recent date on which the interested shareholder becomes an interested shareholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. Maryland law defines an interested shareholder as 
 any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or 
 an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting shares. 
 
 A person is not an interested shareholder if our board of trustees approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested shareholder. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between us and an interested shareholder generally must be recommended by our board of trustees and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our then outstanding shares of beneficial interest and 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our voting shares other than shares held by the interested shareholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or shares held by an affiliate or associate of the interested shareholder. 
 
 These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if our common shareholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested shareholder for its shares. 

The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are approved or exempted by our board of trustees before the time that the interested shareholder becomes an interested shareholder. Pursuant to the statute, our board of trustees has adopted a resolution exempting any business combination to which we are a party. As a result, any person may be able to enter into a business combination with us that may not be in the best interest of our shareholders, without compliance by us with the supermajority vote requirements and other provisions of the statute. There is no assurance that our board of trustees will not amend, alter or repeal this resolution in the future. 
 The provisions of the business combination statute could delay, deter or prevent a change of control or other transaction in which holders of our equity securities might receive a premium for their shares above then-current market prices or which such shareholders otherwise might believe to be in their best interests. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 Maryland law provides that a holder of control shares of a Maryland real estate investment trust acquired in a control share acquisition has no voting rights with respect to those shares unless approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquiror, or by officers or by trustees who are employees of the Maryland real estate investment trust are excluded from the shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares which, if aggregated with all other shares previously acquired by the acquiring person, or in respect of which the acquiring person is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiring person to exercise voting power in electing trustees within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third 
 one-third or more but less than a majority or 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 
 Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained shareholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of trustees of a Maryland real estate investment trust to call a special meeting of shareholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the Maryland real estate investment trust may present the question at any shareholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the shareholders meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver the statement required by Maryland law, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the Maryland real estate investment trust may redeem any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved, for fair value. Fair value is determined without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares and as of the date of the last control share acquisition or of any meeting of shareholders at which the voting rights of the shares were considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a shareholders meeting and the acquiror may then vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, then all other shareholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares for purposes of these appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. The control share acquisition statute does not apply to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if we are a party to the transaction, nor does it apply to acquisitions approved or exempted by our declaration of trust or bylaws. 
 Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition act any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 Extraordinary Actions, Amendment of Declaration of Trust 
 Under the Maryland REIT Law, a Maryland real estate investment trust generally cannot amend its declaration of trust or merge, convert, or consolidate unless advised by its board of trustees and approved by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on the matter unless a different percentage (but not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in its declaration of trust. In accordance with Maryland REIT Law, except as noted below, our declaration of trust allows the amendment of our declaration of trust, our 

merger or consolidation, our conversion or sale or disposition of all or substantially all of our assets if our board of trustees declares such action advisable and if such action is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our declaration of trust provides for approval of the following actions by two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter 
 our intentional disqualification as a REIT or revocation of our election to be taxed as a REIT 
 the removal of trustees 
 the amendment or repeal of certain designated sections of our declaration of trust and 
 our termination. 
 
 Under the Maryland REIT Law, a declaration of trust may permit the trustees by a two-thirds vote to amend the declaration of trust from time to time to qualify as a REIT or the Maryland REIT Law without the affirmative vote or written consent of the shareholders. Our declaration of trust permits such action by a majority vote of the trustees. As permitted by the Maryland REIT Law, our declaration of trust contains a provision permitting our trustees, without any action by our shareholders, to amend our declaration of trust to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of beneficial interest or the number of shares of any class of shares of beneficial interest that we have authority to issue. 
 Amendment to Our Bylaws 
 Our board of trustees has the power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws and to make new bylaws, provided that certain amendments to our bylaws require the affirmative vote of at least 80 of the members of our board of trustees, including a majority of the independent trustees. Additionally, our bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on the matter pursuant to a binding proposal submitted for approval at any annual or special meeting of shareholders by a shareholder that satisfies the ownership and other eligibility requirements of our bylaws and Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 
 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification 
 Our declaration of trust limits the liability of our trustees and officers for money damages, except for liability resulting from 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or 
 a final judgment based upon a finding of active and deliberate dishonesty by the trustees or officers that was material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 Our declaration of trust authorizes us, and our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify, and to pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to, any of our present or former trustees or officers who is made a party to, or witness in, a proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or any individual who, while a trustee or officer and at our request, serves or has served another entity, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise as a trustee, director, officer, partner or otherwise and who is made a party to, or witness in, a proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Our bylaws and Maryland law require us to indemnify each trustee or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made a party by reason of his or her service to us. Our declaration of trust permits us to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served any predecessor of ours in any of the capacities described above and to any employee or agent of ours or a predecessor of ours, and our bylaws permit us to indemnify and advance expenses to any employee or agent of ours. 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland real estate investment trust to indemnify its present and former trustees and officers against liabilities and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in any proceeding unless 
 the act or omission of the trustee or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and 
 was committed in bad faith or 
 was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty 
 the trustee or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or 
 in a criminal proceeding, the trustee or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 
 
 Maryland law prohibits us from indemnifying our present and former trustees and officers for an adverse judgment in a derivative action or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either 

case a court orders indemnification and then only for expenses. Our bylaws require us to advance expenses to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. Our bylaws and Maryland law require us, as a condition to advancing expenses, to obtain 
 a written affirmation by the trustee or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification and 
 a written undertaking to repay the amount reimbursed if the standard of conduct is not met. 
 
 Term and Termination 
 Our declaration of trust provides that we have perpetual existence, unless terminated. See -Extraordinary Actions, Amendment of Declaration of Trust for more information. 
 Meetings of Shareholders 
 Under our bylaws, annual meetings of shareholders are to be held in May of each year or at a date and time as determined by our board of trustees in accordance with our bylaws. Special meetings of shareholders may be called only by the chairman of our board of trustees, our chief executive officer or one-third of the trustees then in office. Subject to the provisions of our bylaws, a special meeting of our shareholders to act on any matter that may properly be considered by our shareholders will also be called by our secretary upon the written request of the shareholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. Only matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered and acted upon at such a meeting. 
 Advance Notice of Trustee Nominations and New Business 
 Our bylaws provide that, with respect to an annual meeting of shareholders, nominations of persons for election to our board of trustees and the proposal of business to be considered by shareholders at the annual meeting may be made only 
 pursuant to our notice of the meeting 
 by or at the direction of our board of trustees or 
 by a shareholder who was a shareholder of record at the time of the provision of notice and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and has complied with the advance notice procedures set forth in our bylaws. 
 
 With respect to special meetings of shareholders, only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting of shareholders and nominations of persons for election to our board of trustees may be made pursuant to our notice of meeting only 
 by or at the direction of our board of trustees 
 by shareholders at a special meeting requested by shareholders in accordance with our bylaws or 
 provided that our board of trustees has determined that trustees shall be elected at such meeting, by a shareholder who was a shareholder of record at the time of the provision of notice and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and has complied with the advance notice provisions set forth in our bylaws. 
 
 The purpose of requiring shareholders to give advance notice of nominations and other proposals is to afford our board of trustees the opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees or the advisability of the other proposals and, to the extent considered necessary by our board of trustees, to inform shareholders and make recommendations regarding the nominations or other proposals. The advance notice procedures also permit a more orderly procedure for conducting our shareholder meetings. Although the bylaws do not give our board of trustees the power to disapprove timely shareholder nominations and proposals, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of trustees or proposals for other action if the proper procedures are not followed, and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of trustees to our board of trustees or to approve its own proposal. 

Subtitle 8 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland real estate investment trust with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act, and at least three independent trustees to elect to be subject, by provision in its declaration of trust or bylaws or a resolution of its board of trustees and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the declaration of trust or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions 
 a classified board 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a trustee 
 a requirement that the number of trustees be fixed only by vote of the trustees 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining trustees and for the remainder of the full term of the class of trustees in which the vacancy occurred and 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a special meeting of shareholders. 
 
 Through provisions in our declaration of trust and bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already (1) have a classified board of two classes, (2) require the affirmative vote of the shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of trustees to remove any trustee from the board, (3) vest in the board the exclusive power to fix the number of trusteeships, (4) require that a vacancy on the board be filled only by any remaining trustees and for the remainder of the full term of the class of trustees in which the vacancy occurred (unless no trustees remain) and (5) require, unless called by the chairman of our board of trustees, our chief executive officer or one-third of the board of trustees then in office, the request of shareholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting on such matter to call a special meeting of shareholders to consider and vote on any matter that may properly be considered by our shareholders. 
 Possible Anti-Takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of Our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws 
 If the board resolution opting out of the business combination act is amended, the business combination provisions and, if the applicable exemption in our bylaws is rescinded, the control share acquisition provisions applicable under Maryland law, the provisions of our declaration of trust on classification of our board of trustees, removal of trustees, restrictions on the ownership and transfer of shares of beneficial interest and the advance notice provisions of our bylaws could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of the common shares or otherwise be in their best interest. 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 Our declaration of trust, subject to certain exceptions described below, provides that no person may (i) beneficially or constructively own common shares in excess of 9.9 of the number of outstanding common shares of any class or series of common shares, (ii) beneficially or constructively own preferred shares in excess of 9.9 of the number of outstanding preferred shares of any class or series of preferred shares, (iii) beneficially own equity shares that would result in the equity shares being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons (determined without reference to any rules of attribution), (iv) beneficially own equity shares that would result in our company being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code, or (v) constructively own equity shares that would cause our company to constructively own 10 or more of the ownership interests in a tenant (other than a taxable REIT subsidiary) of our company s or our operating partnership s real property, within the meaning of Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code. If any restrictions above are violated, such person s equity shares will be transferred automatically to a share trust and shall be designated shares-in-trust for the benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain events, attempted transfers in violation of the restrictions described above may be void ab initio. 
 The record holder of the common or preferred shares that are designated as shares-in-trust will be required to submit such number of common shares or preferred shares to us for registration in the name of the trust. The trustee will be designated by us, but will not be affiliated with us. The beneficiary of a trust will be one or more charitable organizations that are named by us. 
 Shares-in-trust will remain issued and outstanding common shares or preferred shares and will be entitled to the same rights and privileges as all other shares of the same class or series. The trust, as record holder of shares-in-trust, will receive all dividends and distributions on the shares-in-trust and will hold such dividends or distributions in trust for the benefit of the beneficiary. The trust will vote all shares-in-trust. The trust will designate a permitted transferee of the shares-in-trust, provided that the permitted transferee purchases such shares-in-trust for valuable consideration and acquires such shares-in-trust without such acquisition resulting in a transfer to another trust. 

The prohibited owner with respect to shares-in-trust will be required to repay to the record holder the amount of any dividends or distributions received by the prohibited owner that (i) are attributable to any shares-in-trust and (ii) the record date of which was on or after the date that such shares became shares-in-trust. The prohibited owner generally will receive from the record holder following the sale or other disposition of such shares-in-trust the lesser of (i) the price per share such prohibited owner paid for the common shares or preferred shares that were designated as shares-in-trust (or, in the case of a gift or devise, the market price (as defined in our declaration of trust) per share on the date of such transfer), and (ii) the price per share received by the record holder from the sale of such shares-in-trust. Any amounts received by the record holder in excess of the amounts to be paid to the prohibited owner will be distributed to the beneficiary. 
 The shares-in-trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of the price per share in the transaction that created such shares-in-trust (or, in the case of a gift or devise, the market price per share on the date of such transfer), or the market price per share on the date that we, or our designee, accepts such offer. We will have the right to accept such offer for a period of 90 days after the later of the date of the purported transfer which resulted in such shares-in-trust, or the date we determine in good faith that a transfer resulting in such shares-in-trust occurred. 
 Any person who acquires or attempts to acquire common or preferred shares in violation of the foregoing restrictions, or any person who owned common or preferred shares that were transferred to a trust, will be required to give written notice immediately to us of such event and provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such transfer on our status as a REIT. 
 All persons who own, directly or indirectly, more than 5 (or such lower percentages as required pursuant to regulations under the Code) of the outstanding common and preferred shares must, within 30 days after December 31 of each year, provide to us a written statement or affidavit stating the name and address of such direct or indirect owner, the number of common and preferred shares owned directly or indirectly, and a description of how such shares are held. In addition, each direct or indirect shareholder shall provide to us such additional information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such ownership on our status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limitation. 
 The ownership limitation generally does not apply to the acquisition of common or preferred shares by an underwriter that participates in a public offering of such shares. 
 In addition, the board of trustees, upon receipt of advice of counsel or other evidence satisfactory to the board of trustees, in its sole and absolute discretion, may exempt a person from the ownership limitation under certain circumstances. 
 The foregoing restrictions continue to apply until the board of trustees determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT and such action is approved by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on such matter. 
 All certificates evidencing common or preferred shares bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. 
 The restrictions on ownership and transfer described above could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control or other transaction in which holders of some, or a majority, of our common shares might receive a premium for their shares over the then-prevailing market price or which such holders might believe to be otherwise in their best interest. 

</EX-4.13>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ht_12312022xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Name of Entity Ownership Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 2144 Associates - Hershey (LP) 1 by Hersha Hospitality Limited Liability Company - Hershey 99 by HHLP PA 2144 Associates - New Columbia 1 by Hersha Hospitality Limited Liability Company - New Columbia 99 by HHLP PA 2144 Associates - Selinsgrove (LP) 1 by Hersha Hospitality Limited Liability Company - Selinsgrove 99 by HHLP PA 2801 Roosevelt Development Master Property Owners' Association, Inc. 100 by HHLP Key West One Associates, LLC FL 2844 Associates, LP 1 by HH LLC 99 by HHLP PA 3044 Associates, LP 1 by HH LLC 99 by HHLP PA 3144 Associates, LP 1 by HH LLC 99 by HHLP PA 320 Pearl Street, Inc. 100 by HHLP NY 44 Aarti Associates, LP 1 by HH LLC 99 by HHLP PA 44 Brookline Hotel, LLC 1 by 44 Brookline Manager, LLC 99 by HHLP DE 44 Brookline Management, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE 44 Brookline Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE 44 Delaware One, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE 44 Delaware Three, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE 44 Frederick Associates, LP 1 by HH LLC 99 by HHLP PA 44 LA Westside Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE 44 Metro, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE 44 New England Management Company 100 by HHLP VA 44 Smith Street Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company NY 44 White Plains, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE 5444 Associates (LP) 99 by HHLP 1 by 44 Duane Street, LLC PA 63 RB Holding Company LLC 100 by Hiren Boston, LLC MA Affordable Hospitality Associates, LP 99 by HHLP 1 by Race Street, LLC PA Brisam Management (DE) LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Brisam 29 Manager, LLC DE Chimes of Freedom, LLC 89 by HHLP Liberty Associates, LLC 11 by Of Freedom I, LLC DE Exit 88 Hotel Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE Exit 88 Hotel, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by Exit 88 Hotel Manager, LLC CT Hersha Conduit Associates, LLC 100 by HHLP NY Hersha Holding RC Lessee, LLC 85 by 44 New England Management Company 15 by GenCom DE Hersha Holding RC Owner, LLC 85 by HHLP 15 by GenCom DE Hersha Hospitality Limited Partnership HHLP (the Operating Partnership 86.9 by Hersha Hospitality Trust (General Partnership Interest) 13.1 by Hersha Affiliates (Limited Partnership Interest) VA Hersha Hospitality Trust N A MD Hersha Hospitality, LLC HH LLC 100 by HHLP VA HHLP 52nd Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP 52nd Manager, LLC DE HHLP 52nd Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE 

Name of Entity Ownership Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization HHLP 52nd Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Ambrose Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Ambrose Manager, LLC DE HHLP Ambrose Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Ambrose Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Annapolis Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Annapolis Manager, LLC DE HHLP Annapolis Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Annapolis Liquor Holder, LLC 98 by 44 New England Management Company 1 by Elizabeth Werner, 1 by Ashish Parikh DE HHLP Annapolis Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Blue Moon Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP, 1 by HHLP Blue Moon Manager, LLC DE HHLP Blue Moon Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Blue Moon Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Boston One, LLC 100 by HHLP MA HHLP Boston Seaport Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Boston Seaport Manager, LLC DE HHLP Boston Seaport Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Boston Seaport Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Boston Two, LLC 100 by HHLP MA HHLP Brisam 29 Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Bulfinch Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Bulfinch Manager, LLC DE HHLP Bulfinch Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Bulfinch Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Coconut Grove RC Associates, LLC 99 by Hersha Holding RC Owner, LLC 1 by HHLP Coconut Grove RC Manager, LLC DE HHLP Coconut Grove RC Lessee, LLC 100 by Hersha Holding RC Lessee, LLC DE HHLP Coconut Grove RC Manager, LLC 100 by Hersha Holding RC Owner, LLC DE HHLP Conduit Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company NY HHLP DC Convention Center Associates, LLC 1 by HHLP DC Convention Center Manager, LLC 99 by HHLP DE HHLP DC Convention Center Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP DC Convention Center Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Georgetown Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Georgetown Manager, LLC DE HHLP Georgetown II Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Georgetown II Manager, LLC DE HHLP Georgetown II Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Georgetown II Manager, LLC 100 HHLP DE HHLP Georgetown Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Georgetown Manager, LLC 100 HHLP DE HHLP Harrisburg Friendship GP, LLC 100 by HHLP PA HHLP Harrisburg Friendship, LP 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Harrisburg Friendship GP, LLC PA 

Name of Entity Ownership Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization HHLP Holdings, LLC 99.5 by HHLP .5 by Hersha Hospitality Trust DE HHLP Key West One Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Key West One Manager, LLC DE HHLP Key West One Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Key West One Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP King of Prussia Associates, LP 1 by HHLP King of Prussia, Inc. 99 by HHLP PA HHLP LA Westside Associates, LLC 1 by HHLP LA Westside Manager LLC 99 by HHLP DE HHLP LA Westside Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Langhorne One Associates, LP 1 by HHLP Langhorne One, LLC 99 by HHLP PA HHLP Langhorne Two Associates, LP 1 by HHLP Langhorne Two, LLC 99 by HHLP PA HHLP Liberty Associates, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Liberty Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Malvern Associates 2,LP 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Malvern 2, LLC PA HHLP Miami Beach Associates, LLC 1 by HHLP Miami Beach Manager, LLC 99 by HHLP DE HHLP Miami Beach Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Miami Beach Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Oxford Valley Associates, LP 1 by HHLP Oxford Valley, Inc. 99 by HHLP PA HHLP Rittenhouse Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Rittenhouse Manager, LLC DE HHLP Rittenhouse Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Rittenhouse Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Saint Gregory Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Saint Gregory Manager, LLC DE HHLP Saint Gregory Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Saint Gregory Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Sanctuary Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Sanctuary Manager, LLC DE HHLP Sanctuary Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Sanctuary Manager, LLC 100 HHLP DE HHLP Santa Barbara I Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP, 1 by HHLP Santa Barbara I Manager, LLC DE HHLP Santa Barbara I Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Santa Barbara I Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP SB Three Associates LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Seattle Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Seattle Manager, LLC DE HHLP Seattle Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Seattle Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Smith Street Associates, LLC 100 by HHLP Smith Street Holding, LLC NY HHLP Smith Street Holding, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Smith Street Managing Member, LLC NY HHLP Smith Street Managing Member, LLC 100 by HHLP NY HHLP Sunny Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Sunny Manager, LLC DE HHLP Sunny Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Sunny Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE 

Name of Entity Ownership Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization HHLP Sunnyvale TPS Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by HHLP Sunnyvale TPS Manager, LLC DE HHLP Sunnyvale TPS Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Sunnyvale TPS Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Union Square Associates, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Union Square Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Union Square Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Valley Forge Associates (LP) 1 by HH LLC 99 by HHLP PA HHLP White Plains Associates, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP Winter Haven Associates, LLC 99 by HHLP, 1 by HHLP Winterhaven Manager, LLC DE HHLP Winter Haven Lessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE HHLP Winter Haven Manager, LLC 100 by HHLP DE HHLP York Street, LLC 100 by HHLP DE Hiren Boston, LLC 49.9 by HHLP Boston One, LLC 50.1 by third parties MA HT-Exit 88 Hotel TRS, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE Market 8 Hotel Associates GP, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE Metro 29th Sublessee, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company NY Metro JFK Associates, LLC 1 by Metro JFK Managing Member, LLC 99 by HHLP NY Metro JFK Managing Member, LLC 100 by HHLP NY Of Freedom I, LLC 100 by HHLP Liberty Associates, LLC DE Philly One TRS, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company PA Race Street, LLC 100 by HHLP PA Risingsam Hospitality, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 by Hersha Conduit Associates, LLC NY SB Partners Three Lessee, LLC 50 by 44 New England Management Company 50 by JHM SB Three Member LLC DE SB Partners Three, LLC 50 by HHLP SB Three Associates, LLC 50 by JHM SB Three Member LLC DE SB Partners, LLC 49.9 by HHLP Boston Two, LLC 50.1 by third parties MA Seaport Hospitality, LLC 99 by HHLP 1 320 Pearl Street, Inc. NY Seaport TRS, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE South Bay Boston, LLC 49.9 by 44 New England Management Company 50.1 by third parties MA South Bay Sandeep, LLC 100 by SB Partners, LLC MA The Tower and Executive Residences 100 HHLP Coconut Grove RC Associates, LLC FL The Village on Roosevelt Property Owners' Association, Inc. 100 by HHLP Key West One Associates, LLC FL York Street Lessee DE, LLC 100 by 44 New England Management Company DE York Street LLC 100 by HHLP York Street, LLC DE 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ht_12312022x231consent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333 82666, 333 113058, 333 142073, 333 142075, 333 147113, 333 156661, 333 163123, 333 167891, 333 169658, 333 187239, 333 236758) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333 122657, 333 151314, 333 179847, 333 196181, 333-236763, 333-262975) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Hersha Hospitality Trust and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ht_12312022xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Neil H. Shah, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Hersha Hospitality Trust 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s Neil H. Shah Neil H. Shah Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ht_12312022xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Ashish R. Parikh, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Hersha Hospitality Trust 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s Ashish R. Parikh Ashish R. Parikh Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ht_12312022xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hersha Hospitality Trust (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Neil H. Shah, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 s Neil H. Shah Neil H. Shah Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ht_12312022xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hersha Hospitality Trust (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ashish R. Parikh, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 s Ashish R. Parikh Ashish R. Parikh Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ht-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ht-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ht-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ht-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ht-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

